# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 3

You dismiss your soul gem in a flash of white light, and smile brightly at the two girls who had inadvertently saved your life simply by being in the right place at the right time. "Hello," you begin. "My name is... i- my name..."

Your eyes widen a little when you realize you're not sure what your name is, and it takes you a moment to recall. "My name is Sabrina," you realize. And then, a little more firmly, you add, "Yes. I'm Sabrina. I... I can't remember much more than that, though... I'm glad you two came along when you did, so thank you- Um. I don't know your names?"

"A-ah," Madoka says, her smile growing more genuine. "I'm Kaname Madoka."

"I'm Miki Sayaka," Sayaka adds. She's still tense, but relaxed a bit when you introduced yourself.

"Then thank you, Madoka, Sayaka, and I'm pleased to meet you," you say, bowing your head a little to them. "I... I don't know why, or how, I'm here, but if there's any way I can help you in the future..."

"Hey, we didn't do anything," Sayaka points out, indicating the little alien now sitting on the floor and fixing you with its glassy, red-eyed gaze. Madoka nods vigorously in agreement. "Kyuubey here did all the hard work!"

"I suppose he-" _it,_ you mentally correct, "-did." You grace the Incubator with a nod that could be interpreted as thanks, and it jumps to its feet, seemingly begging to be carried. You're somewhat reluctant to do so, but thankfully, Madoka responds to this, bending down to pick it up and cradle it like the cat it appears to be.

Despite yourself, you have to admit that it looks exceedingly cute like that.

"Hey, Sabrina," Sayaka begins. "That wish you made... makes it sounds like you knew about magical girls before this, and you knew Kyuubey by name. Maybe you came here to meet the local magical girl? Tomoe Mami? Does the name sound familiar?"

"Um," Madoka begins, ducking her head a little when you turn an inquisitive look on her. "O-or maybe Akemi Homura? She just transferred in, maybe you knew her before?"

Sayaka frowns sourly. "Or her, yeah. I don't like her. But maybe we should bring you to see her? Or Mami?"

---

[] ???

---

I will tend to rephrase dialogues, unless an exact quotation is necessary.
