# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 4

The decision is swift and easy. Meet she-who-is-probably-murderface, highly suspicious and hostile, or the nice, easygoing, and pleasant puella magi? No choice at all, really.

"I..." you frown, as though trying to remember. "I guess I should go to meet this Tomoe Mami...?"

Madoka smiles brightly, as does Sayaka. "We'll bring you to see her. We're on our way there, anyway," offers the bluenette.

"Thank you," you respond gratefully. You're not sure how to get around Mitakihara, or even where Mami -or Homura- lives.

"Um," Madoka injects, digging around in her school bag. "M-maybe you should try to clean up a bit before we go, Sabrina?" Finally locating what she'd been looking for, she withdraws a small packet of wet tissues and proffers it to you.

You look down at your bile and vomit covered shirt, and feel rather sheepish. Despite the contract having cured your ills, the results hadn't gone away. "Y-yeah. That's a good idea, thanks, Madoka."

After a few moments of fussing and cleaning, the three of you step out of the alleyway, Kyuubey riding high on Madoka's shoulder. Even though you couldn't clean off everything, and there's still a faint, acrid odour of vomit following you, you do feel better simply for not having a crusty, stiff shirt. You'll probably need to find a change of clothes later, though.

"So..." Sayaka begins, drawing the syllable out. "For a foreigner, you speak excellent Japanese."

"I... yes, yes, I do," you answer, frowning. "I... I'm honestly not sure why, though." You probe your memories, trying to remember *anything*. You remember

"I... I don't remember," you finally confess. Madoka frowns unhappily, laying a hand on your shoulder in comfort-she has to reach up a little to do that. Sayaka looks discomfited too, glancing away.

After a moment of walking in awkward silence, you clear your throat and ask, "So, how long have you known Tomoe Mami?"

Sayaka brightens a little, and responds, "Oh, we just met her yesterday, when she saved us fro... from a Witch."

"Oh," you reply noncommittally. Behind your neutral expression, your mind whirls, putting things together. So it's early, *very* early, in the timeline. "I guess it's really a good thing that you met her, huh? Otherwise I guess I wouldn't be here." You huff out a gentle laugh. Madoka looks like she's going to say something, but you continue, "So what about this Akemi Homura? Why don't you like her, Sayaka?"

Sayaka grimaces. "Eh... she's weird. She just transferred in, and then yesterday, before Mami saved us, Akemi was attacking Kyuubey." She pauses to rub Kyuubey on the head, to which it arches its back like a cat and hops daintily over to Sayaka's shoulders. "You know, maybe she was trying to get *us* attacked by the Witch! That's why we got caught, you know!"

"I don't think she's that bad, Sayaka," Madoka says in response. "I- I think she's just trying to help, too, she just picked the wrong way to do it. And throwing that fire extinguisher at her might have been a bit too much, you know!"

As they fall into friendly bickering, you frown to yourself, thinking. You made a Wish with the Incubator. What you think is a good Wish. With Wishes come powers, though, and what are yours?

The moment the question crosses your mind, you know. But more pertinently, you can *sense* what seems to be an abyssal, yawning pit of *Grief* not terribly far from you, perhaps a hundred meters at most. And you can, just as well, sense a small wellspring of Grief and *other* moving towards the black hole of Grief.

**\[] Stay the course. Go to see Mami.
\[] Investigate.
\[] ???**

\=====​

You'll find out more about your powers when you either a) go into combat, or b) go for practice. Be assured, though, that your powers are both useful and powerful; see above, regarding my statements that I'll not screw you guys on the Wish.
