# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 5

You halt abruptly in your tracks. "Sabrina? What's wrong?" Madoka asks.

"There's a Witch, about a hundred meters in that direction. I *think* it's a Witch, anyway," you say slowly, garnering curious looks from the girls and another glassy-eyed stare from Kyuubey. "And... something else, movin- wait."

The second signature, the smaller one, moves closer to the first, enormous presence before disappearing from your perception even as your try to focus your senses towards discerning *more*. The titanic mass of Grief, by contrast, remains stationary, broadcasting its malignant presence across your senses.

"The other one just disappeared," you say. "I- I don't even know what it is. Was."

Sayaka and Madoka exchange alarmed glances, and Sayaka responds to you first. "Maybe it's someone who was Kissed by a Witch?" she offers. "You should go after her!"

Kyuubey, however, interjects. "I don't understand how your powers work, but it's possible that the second presence you sensed was a magical girl? Either the irregular or Tomoe Mami?"

You suck in a breath at that reminder. "Madoka, Sayaka, maybe you should call Mami and check with her? How far are we from her home?"

"Y-yeah, that sounds like a good idea," Sayaka says, hand slipping into her bag. She withdraws her handphone and rapidly dials a number.

"We're not far from Mami's house," Madoka offers as Sayaka makes the call. "I- maybe- you shouldn't go alone, Sabrina! You haven't even been a magical girl for an hour!" She wrings her hands, clearly distraught.

"Mami's coming," Sayaka says, putting away the phone. "She says she'll be here in a few minutes. Maybe we should go check it out first?"

You nod, firmly. "We'll go and look at it, but we won't get too near to it, ok? I'm inexperienced, and I wouldn't want you two getting in harm's way."

"Yeah!" Sayaka agrees enthusiastically, Madoka nodding her agreement.

You lead the way, probing with your senses. The second signature doesn't reappear, nor does the first move from where you'd initially sensed it.

The source comes into view as you round a corner. Glowing in the middle of an alleyway is a peculiarly geometric *slit* in reality, and you don't need Madoka's quiet gasp to identify it as the entrance to a Witch's labyrinth. The second signature is nowhere to be found; whatever, or *who*ever it is, must have gone inside.

**\[] Wait for Mami to arrive
\[] Go in
\- \[] Bring Madoka and Sayaka with you
\- \[] Leave Madoka and Sayaka to wait for Mami
\[] ???**

\=====​

Tee hee.
