# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 6

You hiss softly at the sight of the entrance to the Witch labyrinth, considering. You *could* go in and meet whoever, whatever had gone inside, or you could wait for backup from your nominal senior. After some minor debate, you decide to wait. Madoka and Sayaka, taking their cues from you, similarly stop, a healthy distance away from the barrier.

"Sayaka, you said that Mami's on her way, correct?" you ask. At her answering nod, you continue, "Ok. I think I'll wait for her, then. I'm not confident of handling myself alone, yet."

Madoka smiles encouragingly at you, while Sayaka looks a little unhappy with that. She probably wants you to go charging in, but it's only simple logic that you, without knowing your own powers, should have time to at least try to figure out what you can do before going alone, right? She eventually nods in acceptance, though, and casually leans against the wall.
Tick, tock.
It's hardly a minute later when you sense another presence, another small wellspring of Grief and *other*, encroach on your senses. This one's moving impressively fast, at some distance up above the ground level - Mami, you surmise.

Your guess is confirmed when, moments later, a yellow thunderbolt crashes to a landing before you, golden ribbons dispelling in a burst of light to reveal the proud figure of Mami, resplendent in her puella magi uniform. The ringlets of her hair flap from the momentum of her landing, her beret staying implausibly attached to her head despite the violence of her maneuvers.

"Madoka, Sayaka, Kyuubey, hello," she greets her juniors, before turning her half-lidded gaze and a pleasant smile on you. "And you must be Sabrina?"

**\[] Write-in conversational direction
-\[] Choose a tone. (Cool, friendly, cheerful, etc.)
-\[] Choose how much to reveal. (IE. Do you know Mami, etc.)**

\=====​

So, then. *Do* you pretend to know her? How do you want to interact? Again, this isn't binding, just how you interact with Mami for now.
