# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 7

"I am," you respond to Mami, a worried frown creasing your face. "Nice to meet you, but um, I'm new to being a puella magi, but part of my powers lets me sense other puella magi- I'm pretty sure someone just entered the barrier."

Mami blinks in surprise, but her smile quickly returns. "Ah, is that so? I only know about one other puella magi in Mitakihara City right now. Kyuubey?" She shoots a glance at Kyuubey, still perched on Sayaka's shoulder.

Kyuubey perks up, and hops nimbly across to Mami. "*There are no new magical girls in Mitakihara other than Sabrina,*" it replies.

Mami nods, her smile taking on a slightly harder edge. "In that case, we shouldn't interfere. I already met her yesterday, and we had... a difference in opinion."

"Yeah!" Sayaka agrees vehemently, though Madoka shrinks a little on herself. "She was trying to kill Kyuubey!"

"Hm," you say, noncommittally. "I never met her, but I guess I'll defer to the senior puella magi here."

Mami smiles brightly at you, and offers you a hand. "I'm Tomoe Mami. I'm pleased to meet you."

You smile in response, worries quelled under her gentle demeanour. "I'm Sabrina. I'm sorry, I d-don't remember my last name. Nice to meet you, too."

The blonde's eyebrows raise slightly in surprise. "Ah? How did that happen?"

"Well, the first thing I can remember is lying in an alleyway, choking on my own vomit," you reply with a grimace. "I was very lucky that Madoka and Sayaka came by, along with Kyuubey, or else I would probably have died."

"And then she made the most amazing Wish!" Sayaka exclaims.

"Sayaka!" Mami rebukes sharply. "Wishes should be kept private."

"A-ah. Sorry, Sabrina," Sayaka says, looking contrite. Madoka pats her on the shoulder.

"It's ok, Sayaka," you tell her. "No harm done. But... yes. I don't remember much, but I recognized Kyuubey, and I seem to know about the puella magi system, and I made a Wish. Madoka and Sayaka suggested that since I knew about puella magi, maybe I came here to meet either you or Akemi Homura?"

"I see," Mami replies. "I'm sorry, but I don't remember meeting you before, and I'm sure I would have. Perha-"

The distortion in reality ripples in your senses, and you turn sharply to look at it. You're just in time to *feel* the barrier swirl and dwindle down to a single point, just as it fades to nothing before your eyes. She's dressed in a simple white and grey dress, with an abbreviated purple mantle around her shoulders.

The single point is a Grief Seed clutched in the hands of a violet eyed girl with long, flowing black hair that parts impossibly into two halves midway down her back despite being bereft of any visible support.

Akemi Homura.

She's staring at you, eyes slightly widened in surprise.

---

- [ ] Write-in
  - [ ] Choose a tone. (Cool, friendly, cheerful, etc.)
  - [ ] Choose how much to reveal.

---

Yeah, while Mami is very formal in Japanese, I'm not going to use the -san for everything, and Miss whoever just doesn't sound right.

Also, Kyuubey doesn't lie. It's a matter of *perspective.*

Doesn't have to be a conversation, but I expect you guys to choose a tone and stuff if it's relevant.
