# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 8

The tableau holds in silence for a long moment: Mami with a disapproving frown, Sayaka standing just in front of Madoka, one hand out as it to shield Madoka. Homura's gaze shifts from you, to Madoka, to Mami, and then back.

Silence, save the background murmurings of the city continuing on its course.

You clear your throat, breaking the quiet. "Hi!" you say brightly. Homura's gaze snaps to you, pinning you under her violet eyes. Privately, you can believe that she's been fighting this same fight for years, for more than a *decade*. You can believe that she's seen it all, lost it all, and then come back for another round.

Outwardly, you show nothing of your thoughts, continuing blithely, "I'm Sabrina. I... don't *think* we've met before. You're Akemi Homura, correct?"

Homura doesn't react, apart from a faint frown creasing her forehead. Mami, by contrast, steps forward, putting a warning hand on your shoulder. "Sabrina, I don't think-"

"Yes, I am," Homura interrupts, gaze still fixed on you. She doesn't smile, exactly, but her frown smooths out, giving her a neutral if not friendly expression, and her lips curl in the semblance of a smile. "Sabrina, may I have a word with you?"

---

- [ ] Write-in
  - [ ] Choose a tone.
  - [ ] Choose how much to reveal.

---

As always, tone and stuff. Write in a few points you'd like covered in any ensuing conversation.

Also, Homura *can* smile. I was rewatching Episode 2 to check some stuff, and she smiles apologetically when she turns down two of her classmates.
