# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 9

You make a snap decision, despite a few doubts. "Yes, you may."

Mami's hand tightens for a moment on your shoulder. "Sabrina-"

You half turn, and smile at her. "Thank you Mami, but I'll be alri- I'll be careful. I'll shout if I need help, ok?"

Neither Mami nor Sayaka look happy with this decision, Sayaka in particular looking like she's bitten into a lemon. Madoka, by contrast, seems to have shrunken in on herself even more. Her gaze darts between you, Mami and Homura, while wringing her hand anxiously. "I- I'm sure Homura won't do anything to you, Sabrina."

Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Homura soften for a moment, her almost-smile becoming more natural.

"Hmph," is Sayaka's contribution, along with a continued glare at Homura. "I don't like it."

Mami's gentle smile looks strained, but she nods in acceptance. "Stay safe, Sabrina."

You roll your eyes at them. "She's right there, you know," you say, trying to inject a little humour to the situation. It falls flat, though, and Homura doesn't even react to it, so you just shake your head and walk over to her.

The violet eyed girl simply pivots and walks around the corner while pocketing the Grief Seed, with you following obligingly. You stay close to her, in hopes that if she attempts to attack you, you'll be able to subdue her for long enough to grab hold of her, and not get killed.

Homura faces you again when the two of you are out of earshot of the others. You can't help but quail a little -just a little- under her searching gaze. She doesn't seem to be inclined towards making a move for her weapons, though, and so you simply wait for her to say something.

Anything.

Just as you're about to crack and break the silence yourself, she finally deflates a little, relenting and glancing to the side. "Why are you here?"

You take a shuddering breath. "I- I want to *not* die. I want to solve the Grief problem for puella magi, or at least as far as I can," you say slowly, but with increasing confidence.

Her head tilts slightly. "Explain."

"My Wish was to be able to control Grief," you half-explain. That you are *able* to is an explanation without a *motivation*, but you hope she'll accept it.

"I... see," Homura murmurs neutrally. "Then you knew a magical girl before you contracted. Who?"

You grimace. "I- I don't know. I can't remember anything from a little while before Madoka and Sayaka found me," you admit uneasily. You find yourself brushing your shoulder length hair nervously.

"Walpurgisnacht is coming," Homura says, abruptly. "Do you know what that is?"

**\[] Write-in
\-\[] Choose a tone.
\-\[] Choose how much to reveal.**

\=====​

[Just as well](http://rolz.org/embed?7767542) Madoka spoke up for you, really. Well, she spoke up for Homura, but y'know, same difference! Might have gone a little worse if she hadn't.
