# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 10

"I, I- The stage-constructing witch (alias: Walpurgis Night/real name: unknown); her nature is helplessness. She symbolizes the fool who continuously spins in circles. The witch's mysteries have been handed down through the course of history; her appellation is 'Walpurgis Night.' She will continue to rotate aimlessly throughout the world until she completely changes the whole of this age into a drama. When the doll's usual upside-down position reaches the top part of the witch, she completely roils the civilization on the ground in a flash through her gale-like flight," you intone, as if reading off a book. The punctuation, the parentheses, are practically audible.

Homura actually blinks in surprise, head jerking backwards slightly.

A long, awkward pause ensues.

"I... I'm not sure how I know that," you say, finally. You brush your hair back again, and continue, "I- yes. Yes, I know of Walpurgisnacht, and what it can and will do."

"I have only been able to find out what I know about Walpurgisnacht through *extensive* research," Homura pronounces, now glaring at you with... what? Anger? Curiosity? "I am *interested* to know how you know that."

"I'm sorry, I do-"

"Yes, so you've said." Homura's lips flatten out as she clearly puts this tidbit aside for now. "You know what I mean when I say that it will be coming to this city in about a month."

"It will threaten everyone here, and probably destroy the city," you say, gesturing around you.

"Yes. Will you be around?"

You exhale slowly before answering. "Yes. Yes, I will."

"Good. Then, given that you don't remember anything, do you have anywhere to stay?"

You raise an eyebrow at what seems to be distinctly uncharacteristic concern from Akemi 'Murderface' Homura, but you answer warily, "No, I do not."

"There is enough room in my apartment to provide lodgings," Homura states. The unspoken offer is clear enough.

---

- [ ] Write-in
  - [ ] You'll be returning to the others next update. Write-in conversational direction.

---

I took the liberty of answering 'yes, you'll be staying' in the interests of not having a mostly pointless vote, since I doubt anyone *actually* intends to skip out on Brazilian nut.

Oh, and by the way, regarding meta-knowledge?

I'm a great believer in the butterfly effect. An action now *will* have consequences later... As an example, Sayaka might not happen upon Charlotte's Grief Seed at the hospital because she might not go to visit Kywjibo at exactly the right time.
