# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 11

*That* draws you up short. You haven't given any consideration to where you'll be staying, so far, or even what you'll be doing beyond the nebulous impulse to 'help everyone'. But... staying with Homura? You're not sure you're entirely comfortable with the idea. You take a moment to mull over your options as Homura waits patiently.

"Thank you," you say finally. "But may I talk to the others first?"

Homura shakes her head minutely, without changing her expression. "I don't have any objections." She moves to head back to rejoin the rest of the group, but on the spur of the moment, you ask her another question.

"Homura... We've never met before... have we?"

She freezes in her tracks for a moment, and half-turns to look at you out of the corner of her eyes. "No. We have not."

The time traveller stalks off around the corner, leaving you to trail behind her. When you come into view of the main group, Madoka breaks out in a smile, as does Mami. Sayaka simply resumes her glaring at Homura with undisguised hostility from where she's casually leaning against the wall.

"Ah, Sabrina!" Mami calls cheerfully, ignoring Homura. A deliberate snubbing. For all that you'd known her for about five minutes, Mami seems to like you better than she does Homura. "Did you have a good talk?"

"Yes, we did," you reply, smiling. "Homura just asked me a few questions, though I still don't remember much... And she offered to let me stay with her for now, since I don't know if I had any prior arrangements."

Mami's smile suddenly becomes somewhat strained, but Sayaka reacts first, exploding. "Stay with her? She probably lives in a crypt, like some kind of vampire!"

Homura simply *looks* at Sayaka. "I'm right here, Miki Sayaka," she observes, almost in tandem with Madoka exclaiming, "Sayaka!"

"I meant what I said!"

You clear your throat, feeling obliged to defend the time traveller. "Sayaka, it's ok. Homura isn't a bad person. And I'm sure she lives in a normal house."

"I'm sure you're right, Sabrina," Mami says, humouring you with a gentle smile. "However, would you consider my house as an alternative? There's plenty of room at my apartment, some company at home would be nice."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Writing this Quest has partially turned into an excuse for me to rewatch the series. Wheee.
