# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 12

"I, ah," your eyes dart between Mami and Homura as you take a slow step forward to interpose yourself between them. Behind Mami, Madoka slowly wilts in on herself, now just clutching her hands to her chest. She's staring at *you*, hoping *you'll* be able to resolve this entire situation. Why?

Staying with either of them would let you change so much, but you just can't decide *whom* you'd rather stay with. You consider suggesting a timeshare, but then you realize that you'd be imposing rather heavily on the both of them.

You clear your throat, "Homura, Mami, I'm very grateful to the both of you for the offers. But, ah, I think I'll take Mami's offer, if that's ok with you, Homura?"

"Hah! Take that, transfer student!" Sayaka shouts, pointing at Homura. Mami beams at you, clearly happy with your choice, and Homura, by contrast, seems completely indifferent to your choice. Madoka's gaze just flicks to Homura, and then back to you.

"Sayaka!" you snap, feeling obliged to defend Homura. After all, she *was* simply trying to be helpful to you, and you're grateful even if you're not taking her offer. "Maybe you don't like Homura, but there's no call to be that rude."

"What, did you not hear what she did yesterday?" Sayaka turns to you. Madoka putting a restraining hand on her shoulder doesn't seem to do much as the bluenette bristles indignantly.

Your response is interrupted by Homura herself. "It's OK, Sabrina." She takes a step back, clearly preparing to take her leave.

You can't just let her go like that. You-

"*Homura?*" you reach out with an ability that you instinctively *know* you can use.

A slight pause. "*Yes?*"

"*I- I'll be in touch, OK? This isn't a goodbye; there's no reason we can't work together. And I'll try to bring Mami around, OK?*" you say frantically.

"*You seem to know a lot about being a magical girl. Some people don't, and they don't take it well when they find out some things. I would advise you be careful,*" Homura replies, even as she walks away.

"Well!" Mami claps her hands together lightly. "Now that that's done, Sabrina, I was planning on bringing Madoka and Sayaka to see a hunt today. You're new, but would you like to come along? We should be able to find a little time for you to experiment with your magic first, though we'll have to skip that planned snack." She glances apologetically at the other two.

"Nah, that's OK, Mami," Sayaka declares, Madoka nodding timidly beside her. "We had a big lunch today, anyway!"

Mami only seems to notice your general dishevelledness and the discolourations on your clothes now, as she slowly winds down from the confrontation. A small frown appears, and she adds, "Or maybe we should head over to my house first? I'm sure we could do with a little freshening up."

**\[] Write-in**
