# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 13

You look down at yourself, feeling the slightly crusty coating against your skin and the stiff fabric. "Yeah, that sounds great," you say. Then you look up at her again, and half bow. "Thank you again, Mami. You've only known me for about five minutes, and certainly didn't have to offer to take me in."

"It's no problem, Sabrina," Mami reassures you. "And as I said, it *would* be very nice to have a roommate, and my apartment can get quite lonely at times. I couldn't possibly let you room with Homura, too. Now, shall we?"

"Still, thank you very much," you respond, letting her lead the way to her home, with Sayaka and Madoka trailing behind. The small band of four teenaged girls leaving an alleyway draws a few stares from passersby, but nobody comments. "And... my apologies, but I really don't think Homura is that bad a person. I mean, she offered to let me stay at her place, too, right?"

"Pssyeah," Sayaka snorts. "She probably just wanted the new magical girl where she could be watched. And then, when you're not looking? Bam!" She throws her hands up for emphasis.

"U-um, I agree with Sabrina," Madoka says, looking down. "I don't think she's a bad person, she's just... cold. I wonder why she's like that?"

You sigh. You know why, but you can't say directly. "Maybe she lost something, someone? She's... just bad with people," you observe, with what you think is a tasteful understatement.

"*Excuse me,*" a syrupy-sweet telepathic voice injects itself into your conversation. Kyuubey. "*I apologize, but I have business to attend to elsewhere.*" You look at it, now riding in Mami's arms.

"Ah... See you later, Kyuubey," Mami says, bending down to let the cat-like alien go. It scampers away, quickly becoming lost in the crowds.

5​

"I wonder why he's in such a rush?" Sayaka comments.

"I have no idea," Mami says, looking at where Kyuubey had run off to. "I don't see him in such a rush, usually."

"Hmm," you say noncommittally, as you and the others continue along the road.

"Aha! You speak English, right Sabrina?" Sayaka asks.

You frown for a minute, before realizing that yes, you do. "I- yes, I can. I do."

"Could you help me with my English homework?" the bluenette asks eagerly.

"Sayaka, I don't think you should do that," Mami admonishes with an indulgent smile. "Sabrina, nor should you."

"But she's foreign! I'm sure she's good at it!"

"Um, Sayaka, that's not the point..."

The conversation fades away as you take a moment to try and recall anything *else* of your spotty memory, but come up completely blank. Your name *is* Sabrina, and you're definitely not from around here. That much you're sure of.

"We're here, Sabrina," Mami says, pointing at a relatively upscale apartment block. She leads you, Madoka and Sayaka up to her apartment, and unlocks the door, letting you in. Feeling beholden to the local culture, you step in, saying, "I'm home."

"Welcome back," Mami beams at you. "The bathroom is over there, you should go and wash up. I should have some old clothes that fit you, though, ah, they might be a little loose."

You head over to the indicated door, taking the opportunity to look around. The apartment is very cosy, with soft rugs everywhere and coloured in pastel colours. A comfortable looking sofa, which Madoka and Sayaka made a beeline for, sits next to the triangular table that makes up the centerpiece of Mami's living room. As you close the bathroom door behind you, you see Mami flitting over to one of the other rooms, happy smile fixed on her face.

It takes you a while to clean up, what with the unpleasant residue that wet tissues couldn't remove adhering everywhere. After washing up, and wiping yourself dry, you take a moment to look at yourself in the mirror.

Deep blue eyes, framed by delicate eyebrows and two short bangs of hair, look curiously back at you. High cheekbones lend you a distinctly *un*-Asian cast. Your shoulder length hair, it turns out, is a pure white, cut to a short fringe in the front.

You sigh.

It *is* your face, you're sure of that. But looking at it hasn't helped you to remember anything.

"Sabrina? Are you done in there?" Mami calls, knocking politely on the door. "I have some clothes here!"

"Just a moment," you call back in reply.

A few minutes later, you're dressed in some of Mami's older clothes, which are indeed a little looser around the chest than might be considered optimal. You thank her again, nevertheless, and she simply waves it off.

"Ok!" Mami calls cheerfully, catching everyone's attention. "I was planning on bringing everyone on a Witch hunt today, but I think it might be best if Sabrina here got a little practice first before we go, and we can have a late dinner? Unless you think you're alright, Sabrina?"

---

- [ ] Training first.
- [ ] No need for training.

---

For the record, it's about 4:00PM, in story. Didn't seem to be a good place to put it in, IC.

Also, how much of a rush Kyuubey was in? A [huge](http://rolz.org/embed?7795081) rush, apparently.
