# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 14

"I would feel better with some time to try my powers out," you admit easily.

Mami nods, approvingly. "That's probably for the best. Madoka, Sayaka, this may last a little late, then. Will you be alright? We can have a late dinner after the hunt, if you're not expected home."

Madoka and Sayaka glance at each other, unsure. Mami, by contrast, chuckles, and adds, enticingly, "We can have some cake right now to tide us over until dinner time."

"A-ah. I'll call my dad," Madoka says, fumbling for her phone in her school bag. Sayaka nods vigorously, also hunting for her own phone. You simply raise an eyebrow at Mami, to which she responds with a demure giggle before bustling off to the kitchen.

You seat yourself on the couch, even as they slide off of it to sit on the cushions arrayed in front of the low table. "Are the cakes really that good?" you ask curiously.

Madoka flushes red. "I, ah- that is..." she ducks her head and looks embarrassed. Sayaka rolls her eyes at her friend, and replies to you. "Yeah, they really are. And we were already planning to stay a while today, anyway!" The last part is said rather defensively, in your opinion.

You nod, putting on an obviously fake smile. "Sure."

"Hey!" Sayaka protests. Her attention is diverted, however, by Mami returning bearing plates.

You jump to your feet. "Ah, I should be helping you, Mami!" Over her protests, you walk over to the little kitchen, and help her bear the rest of the plates out. Strawberry cakes, you note.

You seat yourself at the table, sitting beside Mami, who beams at everyone, before declaring, "Eat up!"

After the customary declarations, you carefully remove a piece of the cake, and pop it into your mouth. Your eyes widen as the cake virtually melts in your mouth, smooth and fragrant and delicious.

After swallowing, you put the fork down and say, simply, "Wow." Sayaka shoots you a triumphant grin which you barely notice as you attack your slice of cake again.

A while later, the cake is finished, and Mami ushers everyone out again before locking up. "We'll go to the old junkyard for training, OK? It's quite near where that Witch yesterday was, anyway. We'll be taking a bus, so... Sabrina, you don't have a bus pass... here's some money."

You accept the money gratefully, thanking Mami again. She simply laughs and brushes it off, and you're on your way with little incident. A short bus ride and a subsequent walk later, you find yourselves at the promised junkyard, near a large flyover.

"So, Sabrina, why don't you transform?" Mami says, looking at you inquisitively. Madoka and Sayaka are looking on from slightly further back, Sayaka standing slightly in front of the pinkette. "Don't worry about being seen, I used to use this place for training myself."

Hesitantly, you form the Soul Gem from its ring form, and cup it in your hand. Instinctively, you *know* how to reach for the wellspring that is your magic and *pull*.

A brilliant white flash of light blazes for an instant.

And just like that, the transformation is done, as a warm, almost *familiar* feeling settles on your shoulders. You-

You can sense-

You can *sense-*

You yourself are a slowly crackling storm of flickers of *other*, of *magic*, a network that outlines your body. Your Soul Gem is a tiny, abyssal spot of Grief that the network feeds into and derives from. Near you is a *blaze* of magic that outlines another human figure, and another swirling maelstrom of Grief, of a higher concentration than yours.

Standing further away are two ephemeral shades of barely-there Grief.

You look down at yourself, curious as to what you look like, and raise an eyebrow in surprise.

You're dressed in a light grey, collared shirt that's distinctly cut to flatter your self, with long pants in a darker shade of grey to match. Over it all is a long, deep blue longcoat with heavy mantles in a distinctly militaristic cut, worn open. Your Soul Gem, worn as a badge over your left breast, adds a splash of white to break up the expanse of blue.

Mami's speaking to you, one hand reaching toward you. "Are you alright, Sabrina?"

"Y-yes," you say, breathing deeply. "It's just overwhelming." An idea strikes you. "Mami, may I borrow your Soul Gem?"

"My Soul Gem?" her question's a little sharper than her usual tone. "Why?"

Your lips curl up in a lazy, almost drunk smile. "Mami, I wished to control Grief. All of it. I think I can cleanse your Soul Gem. Don't worry, I'll be careful."

Mami hesitantly forms her Soul Gem in the palm of your hand. "OK, but please be careful..."

She hovers near you as you accept the Soul Gem. You can see that it's shining gold, as it should, but obscured by a thin, filmy layer of darkness. The moment you touch it, though, you realize that *you can do this*. A lazy curl of the fingers of the hand not holding Mami's Soul Gem, and the layer of darkness flows out into the air, condensing into a malevolent, pulsing mass floating above your left hand. There's a deeper, more *present* feeling in the Gem you don't dare touch.
Candeloro.
"Here you go, Mami," you say, slightly less dreamy than you were a moment ago as mild shock sets in. You've just realized: *you just cleansed a Soul Gem.* You think you can do it at a distance, too, and... you check your own Soul Gem. It's barely darkened, and you *know* that you can cleanse the Grief off of it just as well.

Mami accepts her Soul Gem back with slightly trembling hands, usually half-lidded gaze wide in shock. "You... you did it, Sabrina. You- I-"

You've startled Mami into speechlessness. You've reduced *Tomoe Mami* into stammering incoherence.
4
**\[] Write-in
\- \[] Talk to someone? Tone, content as per usual
\- \[] Training ideas?**

\=====​

I can't remember where I read it -might be Jim Butcher-, but it's been said that the trenchcoat is basically the modern day equivalent to wizard robes.

Additionally, there was nowhere for it to fit narratively, but Sabrina's weapon is a warhammer. The actual, medieval type, with a blunt and a spiked end, not those ludicrous brick on a stick type you find in fantasy. Why a warhammer? Why, SV, and SB before it, is known far and wide for its tactfulness and subtlety, no? Just like warhammers!

Oh, and yes, you *are* hideously, *hideously* overpowered. I've said it once, I'll say it again: I have my reasons.
