# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 16

"Maybe another time," you agree with Mami. A thought strikes you, and you grin at Mami. So far, you've been using the relatively formal 'Mami-san'... "I'll follow your lead, Mami-*senpai*."

The blonde beams at you in response, looking slightly giddy. "I won't let you down! We'll have an excellent hunt today, I'm sure of it!"

Madoka and Sayaka also stand, and seem to be about to follow you on the hunt. "Say, Mami?" you begin carefully. "I'm sure you know what you're doing, but I'm new at this business... is it really safe for Madoka and Sayaka to come on the hunt with us? I'm worried that they might get hurt."

Sayaka claps a hand against her forehead. "Oh, right! I nearly forgot!" She reaches for her bag and hauls out the handle that's been sticking out, revealing a softball bat. "Ta-dah! It's not much, but I can protect myself! And Madoka!" The bluenette claps the arm not brandishing the bat around Madoka's shoulders.

Mami laughs, clear as a bell. "Ah, it'll be fine! I've been doing this for a long time, and I'm sure you'll do well, Sabrina. Now, let's go! Do you know how to sense Witches with your Soul Gem?"

You frown, slightly. "Yes, I *do* know how to," you say, feeling the knowledge rise to the surface as if it's always been there. But at the same time... "I... I can sense the Witch using my magic, too, I think? It's not within my range at the moment, though."

"Well, that works too," Mami says. "Now if I remember correctly, I believe the Witch was somewhere over in that direction..." The blonde leads the way through the old industrial district, holding her Soul Gem in the palm of her hand. As she walks, she hums cheerfully to herself, and there's a spring in her step you'd swear wasn't there earlier.

You sense the Witch first, and nudge Mami. "I can feel the Witch, it's over there. That building, I think?" You point out the slightly dilapidated building. Mami nods. "Let's check it out, then."

As the four of you carefully pick your way there, meandering around the run down old buildings, the wind picks up slightly. There are some vines growing along the bottom of the building, you observe, and there're stacks of carefully wrapped glass and other building materials stacked neatly nearby.

Mami suddenly hisses out a breath, and turns to the three of you. "Let's go around the back of the building." You glance at Madoka and Sayaka, slightly confused, but the three of you acquiesce easily.
There's a bloodstained patch on the ground.
You soon locate the glowing tear in reality that marks the entrance to the Witch's barrier at the top of a flight of stairs. Mami smiles reassuringly at you, and says, "Just follow my lead, OK?" before transforming in a blaze of golden light and boldly stepping into the barrier. You follow her in.

The transition disorients you for a moment, befor-

*you are surrounded by Grief*​

*drowning but not*​

*distant giggling in the abyss*

You instinctively *tear* at the disorienting, *unreal* landscape around you. Bright, *nauseating* colours bleed and shred into bilious clouds of Grief that form behind you into two tenebrous, coiling wings that shift and warp. Subconsciously, you avoid the two shades of Grief that are behind you, just as you avoid the blaze of *magic* that's not so far ahead. Only when you've cleared your immediate area do you stop, gasping erratically for breath, hunched over with your hands on your knees.

"-abrina! Sabrina?"

The area immediately around you has greyed out, becoming an *almost* normal concrete floor. Standing beside you, half supporting you with one arm around you, is Mami. Slightly further away are Madoka and Sayaka, Madoka with her mouth half open from calling your name. Sayaka's got her bat half raised between you.

"Y-yeah," you say shakily, before straightening up. "Yeah, I'm fine. I wasn't expecting... this, thisness." You glance backwards at the two arcing, roiling wings of Grief behind you that remind you of a certain time traveller's. "I... wasn't expecting *that*, either."

"I'm ok," you say, when Mami still seems worried, hovering near you. "Really, I am."

"Alright, Sabrina. Shall we press on?" Mami says, tentative smile returning to her face.
2
---

- [ ] Write-in

---

A Barrier is literally *made of Grief*, and y'know, Sabrina can sense the Grief on a fundamental level. She'll do better the next time, this was mostly the simple shock of *oh gods Grief everywhere*.
