# Unforeseen Consequences pt. 17

"Let's go, Mami," you say, trying to look resolute.

"This way, then," Mami says, stepping forward. You shudder slightly at the *wrongness* of the floor beneath you, but you resist the urge to tear it to shreds. "Sabrina, you should try to learn how to tell your way in a Barrier, it's easier than knocking on every door. Madoka, Sayaka, stay close to us."

You form a warhammer in your right hand, and roll your shoulders lightly. The warhammer, a one meter long mass of steel terminating in a brutal looking hammerhead and spike combination, feels peculiarly light in your hand. It's covered in slightly baroque filigree, and you know that despite its deceptive lightness to you, it will hit as hard as it should.

"Sabrina, incoming!" Mami snaps at you. You look up, and see a whole mass of Familiars charging you. The Familiars have little puffball heads balanced on silly, spindly looking bodies that connect to a pair of butterfly wings. Each one sports a magnificently waxed moustache.

Each one is also sporting an array of thorned, vined arms that terminate in vicious looking scissors snipping hungrily in your direction and wide, glaring eyes.

"You might have made them angry, Sabrina!" Mami calls cheerfully. She reaches for her chest, and draws an ornately decorated flintlock musket from it.

The musket cracks sharply as she fires it, and a single puffball head explodes in a spray of fluff. The blonde gunner chuckles, and twirls on the spot, soft golden radiance and muskets appearing in her wake. She dives for the first one, snatching it up. Her elegant dive ends in a smooth crouch with the musket shouldered and finger already tightening on the trigger.

You look at the oncoming horde, gesture sharply with your left hand, and an entire swathe of Familiars simply dissolves, collapsing into fine sprays of ash as you tear the Grief sustaining them away. Fingers hook into vicious claws, and the Grief warps into razor sharp shards. A feral grin comes unbidden to your face and you swipe sideways, tearing through the familiars. Sharp cracks accompany explosions of fluff as Mami weaves shots between your scything blades.

Mami glances back at you and grins, pure and unadulterated. She launches herself forward, and you follow, gamely sheperding Madoka and Sayaka along.

"Behin-!" Madoka yelps, but you're already spinning on spot, warhammer coming up in a long, arcing sweep that terminates in a blow to the Familiar behind you. A split second later, Mami lands from an impossibly high jump, both boots crushing down on another Familiar you hadn't seen.

"Mustn't be cocky, Sabrina!" Mami admonishes you. You roll your eyes, and dart past her, wings of Grief coiling protectively in front of you. You snap them out straight as your crash into the center of a forming mass of Familiars, cleaving through the mass. Scissors shatter and Familiars shatter into sprays of powder as you drain away their Grief. Your hammer flicks out in flashing arcs, spike and hammerhead claiming their tithe of Familiars. Mami's shots fall like thunderbolts, thinning out the herd before you close.

Together, the two of you effortlessly smash your way through the Familiars in a symphony of flickering golden shots and the deep purple shimmer of Grief, leaving not a single one standing. Madoka and Sayaka trail through the carnage, simply watching on in silent awe.

"Left, Sabrina!" Mami calls as you round a corner. You pivot on a heel, and almost run face first into a door, which promptly opens in front of you. A moment of *dist-*

*-ortion.*​

And you're standing on a balcony, looking down on an enormous, nauseating *mass* of green. Perversions of butterfly wings jut out from an arcing orange body that bears upon it what could be, generously, called a rosebush, if the rosebush had been born of the fever dreams of a terminal drug addict.

Gertrud.

"And that's the Witch," Mami says, coming up behind you.

"Tha- that?" Sayaka stammers.

"You're going to fight that, Mami?" Madoka flinches. "It feels... wrong," she adds, glancing sidelong at your wings of corruption, still roiling tenebrously over your shoulders.

"Don't worry, we can *definitely* handle it," Mami says reassuringly. "Isn't that right, Sabrina?"
1

---

- []  Fight it together
- [ ] Try to solo it
- [ ] Let Mami handle it
- [ ] Write-in

---

*rekt*.

Mami is *incredibly* badass. And what Sabrina lacks in experience and finesse, she makes up for in raw power.

Then again, they're just Familiars.
