# Entanglement pt. 1

You stare at Mami's hand, holding the Grief Seed.

"Buh," you say eloquently, waving your left hand. "Cup? Tea? Wha-? I don't even-"

You get some odd looks from Madoka and Sayaka, and a knowing grin from Mami, who simply replies, corner of her mouth tugging up, "Yes, Sabrina?"

"But. Cup?" you stutter, brow furrowed. You raise one shaking finger. "Wh-where did the cup go? Where'd you even get it from?"

Mami winks at you, smirk blossoming into a full grin. "Maybe I'll teach you some day. I have to keep a few secrets for myself!"

Sayaka shakes her head with a laugh. "You have magic and wings and stuff, and what you're most bothered about is a teacup? You're weird, Sabrina." She punches you lightly on the shoulder.

You shake your head, trying to put the thought aside. "But magic doesn- Ahem. Yes. Magic. Anyway, Mami, cleansing?"

"Ah... I suppose so," Mami glances down at the Grief Seed she's still holding in her hand. In the now-familiar burst of light, she untransforms, and holds out her Soul Gem. It's slightly dimmer than it was earlier.

You pull on the Grief clouding her Soul Gem, and it comes free as a mist that drifts over to hang before you. After a moment's thought, you cleanse your own gem, siphoning out the Grief to join the small cloud hovering before you.

"Thank you, Sabrina," Mami says with a smile. She looks down at the Grief Seed again, before clearly coming to a decision. She pivots and tosses the little spiked ball into a shadowed corner of the building. Madoka and Sayaka's eyes follow the motion.

There's a sharp smack of someone catching it in their bare hands.

"I won't be needing this one, so you may have it," Mami calls, smiling pleasantly. Only the slight tension around her eyes betrays her thoughts.

"*Homura!*" you telepath urgently. "*Accept it, *please*!"*

Homura stalks out of the shadows, one hand holding up the Grief Seed.

A long, pregnant pause, as she stares at Mami, and then looks at you. Very slowly, she lowers her hand, and slips the Grief Seed into her pocket.

You let out a breath you didn't know you'd been holding.

"... thank you, Mami," Homura says, rolling the words as if they're unfamiliar to her.

"You're welcome, Akemi Homura," Mami says. Her stance eases, very slightly.

Homura turns and stalks off into the shadows, quickly disappearing from sight.

Sayaka growls softly. "Gah! Yeah, she better be grateful! That was all *your* hard work!"

Madoka sighs and looks down, twiddling her fingers. "If only we could get along."

"I'm not sure that's out of the question, Madoka," you say. "As you said, I don't think she's a bad person."

"I hope so," Madoka replies.

You're all quiet for a moment.

"Shall we go for dinner, then?" Mami says, finally. She turns to walk away.

"That sounds great! I'm starved," Sayaka agrees.

You nod in agreement. "Yeah. Let's." You untransform as you follow Mami, allowing the small cloud of Grief to trail along behind you like a malevolent helium balloon.

Mami leads the way unerringly out of the old industrial district, and you quickly find yourselves in a fast food restaurant, digging hungrily into a simple burger and fries.

"Sabrina?" Madoka asks as you bite into the burger again. She sounds preoccupied. "I had an idea... maybe you should check with the school whether you're enrolled with them?"

You chew and swallow the mouthful of burger. "That's... a good idea," you say, slowly. "What schools are in this area?"

"Mitakihara Middle School, where we go to, and Shirome," Mami supplies, looking thoughtful. "To start with, anyway. They're near where you were found," she adds, glancing at Madoka for confirmation and receiving a nod in response. "I can ask at Mitakihara School tomorrow for you, and maybe you could go and ask at Shirome?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Chapter two: Entanglement
