# Entanglement pt. 2

You nod in agreement. "Yeah, guess I'll do that tomorrow while you're in school?"

"Sounds good," Mami confirms. "Remind me to pass you a spare key, later."

"I- thanks, Mami," you say.

"It's nothing," the blonde deflects. "It's the least I can do after that Witch hunt!"

"Yeah, that was really something!" Sayaka injects. "You two were moving so *fast*! And destroying those things-" she shudders theatrically "-so easily!"

"It was amazing to watch," Madoka adds shyly. "That Witch, though... it really didn't seem to like you, Sabrina."

"Maybe because she ripped a hole out of its home?" Sayaka says with a grin. "I know I'd be mad if someone punched a hole through my living room wall."

Laughs all around the table, and you all lapse into a companiable silence filled with the sounds of eating. A thought strikes you as you chew through the last mouthful.

"Will we be doing anything after school tomorrow?" you ask.

Madoka glances at Sayaka, who blushes slightly and looks away. "Um... Well, I'll be visiting the hospital after school tomorrow, so..."

"Uh? Are you sick, Sayaka?" you ask, carefully faking surprise.

The bluenette blushes a little more. "No... I'm just visiting someone there."

"Oh, I see," you respond. "Hm... hey, do you think there's any chance I might be in the hospital records?"

"Eh... I wouldn't think so. You *did* say this was your first time in Mitakihara, didn't you?" Sayaka says, blush fading. "Worth a try, though?" She says with a shrug.

"Might be," you echo.

Mami leans forward, smile turning slightly devious. "So, Sayaka. Who is this you're visiting?"

The blush returns full force. "I- ah- a childhood friend of mine."

You lean forward too, a smile mirroring Mami's blossoming across your face. "Oh? Would this happen to be a boy?"

"I- uh- Madoka we've got an assignment due tomorrow don't we let's go," Sayaka blurts, shooting to her feet. Madoka puts a finger to her lips, looking up as she thinks. "No, I think it's due the day after, actually," she says, and winks at you and Mami.

Sayaka shoots her a look of mixed betrayal and mortification. "You too, Madoka?"

You burst out laughing. "So a boy, then?"

"I'm done here. Madoka, let's go home," the bluenette declares, and turns as if to walk out of the restaurant.

Madoka giggles. "Alright, Sayaka. Don't forget your bag."

Sayaka grumbles, but turns back to pick up her school bag. "See you tomorrow?"

"Yeah, see you," you nod back.

Mami gazes at the leaving duo, gentle smile on her face, before she looks at you, with the same gentle smile. "I suppose we should be going home as well, too."

"Yeah, let's," you agree, standing.

As you walk out of the restaurant, Mami coughs lightly, and says, "Sabrina?"

"Hm?" you glance over at her.

"Just so you know, I can sense the Grief you cleaned off," Mami says, pointing at a spot behind and above your head, where the Grief cloud is hovering. "It's nothing bothersome," she hastens to reassure you. "It's just... *there*, and I thought you should know. Maybe you can see if Kyuubey knows if there's anything you can do with it?"

"He's attending to something else, though, isn't he? Maybe when he shows up again," you reply, noncommitally. Now that she mentions it, though, you *can* sense it, both with your *other* senses, and what you recognize as a puella magi's more standard Witch-sense. It shows up as an ephemeral presence that's hardly noticeable, just *present*, as Mami said. You're not particularly enthused about talking to the Incubator again, though.

Mami nods, accepting that.

"So, ah," you begin, looking for an opening. "You go to Mitakihara Middle School?"

The blonde looks at you and smiles, understanding. "Yes, I'm a senior there..."

The two of you walk home, while Mami regales you with simple stories of her life to help fill the holes in yours.

...

It is the next morning. You'd had a good night's sleep in Mami's guest bedroom, after Mami again lent you some of her older clothes. You're muzzy, and barely awake, but you can hear the clinks of Mami bustling about the kitchen.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

How'm I doing on the character interactions?

This vote will cover past breakfast and to your first activity of the day.
