# Entanglement pt. 3

You sit up and stretch, before bouncing to your feet. You'd had a dreamless sleep, and feel refreshed and ready to go for today. Maybe you'll talk to Homura again today, and try to persuade her to be a little less Murderface?

Your mouth twists a little as you walk over to the bathroom to clean up, though. You're currently decieving everyone around you, and a little unhappy with that. All of them are good people, and it doesn't sit very well with you. Still, you don't really see a better way for now.

And speaking of better ways... you frown at the Grief cloud that's still trailing you around. There *has* to be a better way to deal with it. You consider stuffing it into your Soul Gem for now, and while your instincts tell you that it's *possible* they also tell you a better way is possible. You frown at the cloud, forcing your will upon it, and it compresses down, coalescing down into the now-familiar deep purple solid, before crunching down even further into a tiny, solid marble.

You tentatively poke at the marble with your finger, but it seems inert, and doesn't make your finger glow purple or anything. Shrugging, you pocket the marble.

Morning ablutions done, you wander over to the kitchen. "Good morning, Mami!" you greet cheerfully.

This early in the morning, Mami's hair lies limp and slightly bedraggled instead of her usual drill style. "Hm? Good morning, Sabrina," she replies, somewhat blearily, eyes staring dully at the mixing bowl in front of her. Her hands move with practiced motions, and yet... you watch as she misses the edge of the bowl with an egg twice in a row.

Not a morning person?

"Here, let me help with that," you say, gently grabbing the egg and bumping Mami out of the way. "Pancakes?"

You take the muffled grumble Mami makes as a yes, supressing a grin at the distinctly un-Mami noise. Not a morning person, then. She wanders off into the living room and collapses on the couch.

Two minutes later, she apparently startles awake, and bustles back into the kitchen, this time looking considerably more alert. "Ah, Sabrina? You shouldn't..."

"No, it's alright," you say, busily mixing the batter. From the flour and butter and various other ingredients strewn around, it seems that Mami had been making pancakes. There's also a ricecooker, already out and running, presumably to prepare lunch.

"I'm the host here," the blonde counters, moving around you to grab the frying pan in preparation.

"It's the least I can do, after all, you're providing me lodging," you return, conceding the pancake batter to Mami, since she's already holding the pan and brandishing the spatula. Instead, you move over to check the rice.

"But you're helping me with the Witch hunting, and Soul Gem cleansing, too," Mami says, now expertly flipping the pancakes.

You decide not to answer that, and instead divert it with, "Hey, where do you keep the sesame seeds?"

Mami shakes her head lightly, but answers you anyway. "Uh, on your left... no, up one drawe- That one, yes."

With two people working together, breakfast, and lunch, doesn't take long to prepare. You both sit down in front of a gently steaming stack of pancakes, and you slide a lunchbox over to Mami.

After some contented chewing on the delightful, fluffy pancakes, she looks up at you. "So you'll be going to Shirome today, correct?"

"Yes, I suppose so," you confirm.

"Ok, you'll need a bit of money, and, ah, I forgot to pass you the spare house key yesterday..." Mami muses.

You nod. "Thank you again, Mami, and sorry for all the trouble."

"It really isn't any trouble at all," Mami reassures you.

After finishing breakfast, Mami prepares to leave for school. You're amused to note that she uses her magic to style her hair into the drill shapes, but you're soon leaving the house along side her.

"Ah... You'll want to take a right here, and catch a bus towards Shirome," Mami says as the two of you pass a junction. "You can check the bus routes on the back of the bus stop."

"Ok," you acknowledge. "I'll see you after school today, if something doesn't come up?"

"Yes, see you, Sabrina," Mami replies, before remembering something. "*Oh! As a magical girl, you can communicate with other magical girls and potentials by telepathy. Call me if there's anything, OK?*" she adds telepathically.

"*Like this? Ah, I see,*" you return in the same manner. "See you later, Mami."

"See you!" she calls cheerfully, waving at you.

It doesn't take very long for the bus to arrive, and when it does, it's nearly empty. You lean back in the seat and close your eyes, enjoying the smooth ride, until someone sits down next to you.

You crack open your eyes and look at the intruder.

It's a girl, dressed in a chestnut red sailor uniform. Vaguely, you recognize it as the school uniform for Shirome.

Rather more attention grabbing, however, is her light grey hair and sea-green eyes. One aristocratic eyebrow is arched at you, and an amused smirk tugs at her lips.

Oriko.

"Hello, Sabrina."

---

- [ ] AAAAAAAAAAAAH
- [ ] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
- [ ] NOPE
- [ ] Dive out of the bus.
- [ ] Write-in

---

I'll be honest. I'm surprised *no one* brought up the fact that Shirome is Oriko's school...

And I'm not sure why Sabrina is one of those rare few ~~bastards~~ people who can be bright and peppy in the morning, but, well, apparently she is. And morning Mami is... [well.](http://rolz.org/embed?7836770)
