# Entanglement pt. 5

You suck in a breath, mind spinning as you run through the possibilities. Oriko, you're pretty sure, just leveled a threat at you and Mami.

Kirika's nowhere to be seen.

She couldn't have, could she?

You take a moment to run through her possible motivations- that bus ride was almost certainly just to get you out of the way, for... whatever she has planned. But you can't just let a threat to your home pass like that.

And what was with that reminder about the hospital?

You begin walking at a rather fast clip toward a nearby alley, the better to take to the rooftops if need be. "*Mami?*" you try, telepathically.

"*Ah, Sabrina?*" Mami replies nearly instantly. "*Good timing! It's break period right now.*"

You puff out a relieved breath. "*Mami, I just met an unknown magical girl,*" you say carefully. "*She... I'm not sure how to put this, but she threatened our home.*"

A long silence, as you squint thoughtfully at the buildings enclosing the alleyway. You glance back at the entrance to the alley, making sure no one's passing by, before acting on instincts that your contract brought. You crouch lightly, and spring directly at the wall nearer to you.

Your feet leave divots in the ground as you go airborne, flying straight at a point on the wall ten meters up. A full body twist as you hurtle through the air, and you hit the wall feet first, legs coiling against the masonry. Then you push off again, sending small cracks crazing through the wall and you arcing lazily towards the far wall.

A few more bounces, and you reach the top of the building, landing softly. You remain in your landing crouch, savouring the feeling of exhilaration as you listen to bits of masonry patter gently to the ground in the alley below.

Finally, Mami replies. "*I see.*" Her voice is taut with quiet fury that sends a shiver down your spine even if it's not directed at you. "*Unfortunately, this isn't uncommon in the magical girl world. Many of them aren't very nice people, and Mitakihara is an... inviting target.*"

A heartbeat later, she adds, a little more gently, "*I'm sorry you got mixed up in this, Sabrina. If you weren't living with me, you wouldn't have this problem.*"

"*You're my friend, Mami,*" you reply, nearly instantly even as you walk over to the edge of the roof. "*I wouldn't let this slide, either way. Do you want me to check on our apartment?*"

"*Yes, that would be a good idea,*" Mami says. "*I... ah, I give you permission to check my room too. Uh, class is starting again soon. I'll talk to you later, OK?*"

"*OK, see you, Mami,*" you respond. You back up a few steps, and then sprint forward and launch yourself effortlessly into the air, crashing down on the rooftop of the next building over. And you repeat the process, bounding over rooftops towards your home.

As you go, you try to contact the time traveller. "*Homura?*"

A curt response. "*Yes?*"

"*May I talk to you later?*"

Homura takes a moment to think this over. Or maybe she just got called up to answer a question in class? "*Yes. I will be at the hospital this afternoon, after school, to hunt a Witch that will be appearing there, as well as... That's not important. I will be hunting a Witch. You may join me.*"

A heartbeat later, she adds, grudgingly, "*You may invite Tomoe Mami, if you wish.*"

"*I see,*" you reply. You *don't* see. "*Thank you for the offer, I'll let you know later.*"

A Witch at the hospital?

Charlotte?

You soon find yourself back in more familiar grounds, and hop down from a roof near Mami's apartment. You observe, amusedly, that the pavement here is cracked and divoted as well, as if you're not the first puella magi to use this particular landing spot. Apart from the ones you just left, however, the damage is old enough to be weathered- clearly Mami's gotten better at it.

From the outside, nothing's visibly wrong with Mami's apartment. You spread your senses, and find that there's nothing *magically* wrong, either; apart from the lingering traces of you and Mami, no puella magi have been here recently.

And minutes later, you find that there's nothing wrong with the inside of Mami's apartment either. You carefully looked through everything, blushing when you had to go through Mami's clothes, but you can find nothing at all wrong inside.

---

- [ ] Tell Mami about Homura's offer
- [ ] Don't tell Mami about Homura's offer
- [ ] MAXIMUM PARANOIA
- [ ] Lunch?
- [ ] Write-in

---

For the record, it was about a one and a half hour ride out to the suburbs that Oriko took you on, in addition to a fifteen minute walk from Mami's apartment. You took about twenty five minutes to make the trip back, roof hopping. Roof-hopping is *fast*, and you get to go in a (mostly) straight line.

It is now 11AM-ish, in Quest. School finishes at 3PM.
