# Entanglement pt. 6

Ultimately, you decide to take up Homura's offer. You can't afford to turn her down, when she's actually *trying* to mend her bridges. And similarly, you really can't *not* take the offer to invite Mami along. Well, what counts as an offer from Homura, anyway.

"*Mami*?" you call, telepathically.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" Mami responds, nearly immediately.

"*Ah... our home is fine. Nothing out of place that I can tell at all,*" you say.

"*Great!*" You get the impression that Mami just sighed in relief. "*Still, I don't like this girl. When we have the time later, you need to tell me what you know of her, OK? I'll meet you at the hospital after school.*"

"*Wait, what? Why the hospital?*" you ask, startled. Why's *everyone* headed to the hospital today?

"*Oh, of course, you wouldn't know. Madoka and Sayaka's friend, Shizuki Hitomi, fell down the stairs earlier. She had to be sent to the hospital,*" Mami responds. "*It's a little odd, but accidents do happen.*"

"*I... see,*" you say, slowly, while you walk out of the apartment, locking the door behind you. You decide not to kick up any more fuss for now, but if you had to guess... Kirika goes to Mitakihara Middle School as well.

But for now, you'll head to the hospital, you think, and see if you can find Nagisa Momoe, the girl who will be Charlotte. And since it seems everybody will be there anyway...

"*Um. One more thing, Mami,*" you add before she can say anything.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*"

"*Homura invited me to hunt a Witch at the hospital after school today. She, ah, suggested that I could bring you along,*" you say carefully.

"*Really?*" Mami asks skeptically.

"*Well, she said 'You may invite Tomoe Mami, if you wish', which, coming from her, counts as an invitation, I think?*" you amend.

Telepathic laughter. How does that even *work*? "*It would be rude to turn down such a gracious invitation, wouldn't it? Yes, I'll see you and Homura at the hospital later, then,*" Mami responds.

"*OK, see you then,*" you say, pleased.

"*See you,*" Mami replies.

You're just about to take to the rooftops again when you realize that you don't actually know where the hospital *is*, and you're forced to head back to Mami's apartment to check. Finally, having found out where it is, you roof hop there, descending to the ground level and walking in.

Your grumbling stomach prompts you to stop by at a small restaurant, where you order a bowl of donburi for lunch, and make quick work of it. You're getting a few odd looks for being a school aged girl wandering around by herself, but no one comments. Perhaps you should have prepared lunch for yourself as well, earlier?

Lunch done, you walk towards the hospital on foot, senses cast wide. If there's any Witches to be in this area, you'll know.

The hospital isn't the monolithic building you were expecting. Instead, it's an entire series of smaller buildings wrought of glass and steel, separated by wide open grassy expenses. You can't help but admire the construction as you approach it, while at the same time shake your head over how much it must have *cost*. Your path takes you past an array of bicycle racks, mostly empty at this time of the day, before you enter the lobby.

You march up boldly up to the receptionist, who greets you with a smile. "Hello, welcome to Mitakihara General Hospital! Are you looking for someone?"

You're momentarily unsure, but since you're here to burn some time and see if you can find Nagisa... "Ah... I'm looking for a Mrs. Momoe? She's my friend's mother."

"Hm, Momoe..." the receptionist types at her computer for a moment. "Looks like you're in luck, we only have one-" The smile drops off her face. "Oh, no."

A sinking feeling hits you. Oh, no indeed. "Is she- did she... pass on?"

The receptionist nods, slowly.

"Please," you say urgently. "Where?"

"Long term wards... 17-C. It's that way-" the receptionist points "-first building on the left, seventeenth floor."

You thank the receptionist, and take off in the indicated direction at a fast walk that's nearly a run. Hopefully you can get there before Nagisa Witches.

As you approach the lift lobby in the indicated building, you begin to hear someone crying; quiet, ugly sobs. Even in the midst of your not-quite-run, you look around for the source of the crying.

You spy a virtual mane of white hair hiding behind some large potted plants, and promptly skid to a halt. There are people walking by, but apart from sidelong glances at the source of the crying, they don't do anything.

This, then, would be Momoe Nagisa.

Apart from the ephemeral shade of Grief you associate with normal people, you don't sense anything from her. She's not a puella magi.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Assumptions are terribly dangerous things, especially with as many butterflies you guys have released.

It is now 1-ish PM. School ends at 3PM.

Oh, and just to clarify, Nagisa's mum is dead. Passed on. Pushing up dai- yeah no, let's not do that.
