# Entanglement pt. 7

"Hey," you say gently, squatting down next to the crying girl. "Nagisa," you gently put a hand on her shoulder. "Are you-"

You're caught off guard when she suddenly tosses her arms around you, now crying in earnest. She buries her face in your shoulder, weeping in ugly, heaving sobs, tears and mucus soaking into your shirt. For some reason, though, you can't bring yourself to care, and you hug her close.

"There, there," you say soothingly, stroking her back. Some passersby actually glare at you, presumably for generating so much of a public fuss. You glare back.

"I- I-," Nagisa hiccoughs into your shoulder. "M-my mother-"

"It's-" you can't bring yourself to say it. You can't say that it'll be OK, because she just lost her mother, and you find yourself falling back to simply stroking her back gently. You stay like that for a few minutes.

"Excuse me, Miss," a passing nurse says, looking down at you, still hugging the sobbing girl close. "Would you mind bringing your... cousin elsewhere? Your are being disruptive."

"Excuse *me?*" you snap. "This girl just lost her mother. And I find her crying behind some potted plants? And *you tell me to bring her somewhere else because we are being fucking disruptive?* I think, ma'am, you might wish to reconsider your *fucking priorities*." Your voice drops to an icy hiss at the end of it. Nagisa's crying has trailed off at this point, and she's staring at you with her enormous chestnut eyes, currently rimmed red from her crying.

The entire corridor is watching silently.

You gently slide your arms around Nagisa, and pick her up, letting her ride against your hip. You probably look a bit odd, a teenaged girl effortlessly hefting a girl who probably weighs half as much you do, if not more. But you don't find it in yourself to care in the slightest.

"C'mon," you say gently to the girl. "Let's go somewhere else."

Ignoring the quiet murmuring, you stalk past the crowd, looking around as you go, trying to see past the shock of white hair to find a certain white furred creature. Kyuubey's nowhere in sight, though.

You soon find yourself outside, sitting on a bench in one of the small gardens separating buildings. The sun is pleasantly warm, with the cool air temperature. Nagisa's fully stopped crying now, and is simply huddled against your side, clinging tightly to you.

You sigh, looking up at the sky. Your senses are spread out, and though they don't fully cover the sprawling expense of the hospital, you're sure that there's no Witches, or potential Witches, near you at all. Which, then, implies that Homura was expecting to hunt Charlotte, maybe?

"Big sis," Nagisa tugs at your shirt. "I'm hungry."

She probably hasn't eaten since breakfast, if that.

"Sure, let's get you something to eat," you say, rising from the bench. Nagisa holds out a hand as she stands, and you take it obligingly, leading her to a nearby cafeteria. "What would you like?"

"I dunno, mum-" her face crumples again. You kneel, and sweep her into a hug again, but she doesn't cry again, just sniffling a bit.

"How does taiyaki sound? Nothing too heavy?" you murmur, after a moment. You feel her nod against your shoulder. You stand, and bring her over to the stall to purchase a few of the fish shaped pastries, as well as a drink for her. You then bring her over to one of the tables, and watch her munch her way through the pastries.

"Hey," you say carefully. "I don't suppose you've seen a white cat around? One with funny things-" you flap your hands at your own ears to demonstrate "-coming out of its ears?"

Nagisa shakes her head, before swallowing. "Don't think so, big sis."

Hm. Kyuubey really hasn't been around, then? You think carefully about how to phrase a warning; somehow, you don't think 'Even if someone shows up promising you miracles in exchange for helping him, you must not do what he says' will work. It's empirically demonstrated that it doesn't work, even.

"Nagisa!" a male voice calls. A middle-aged man dressed in a business suit puffs up to the table. His hair's just as white as Nagisa's is, and his eyes are similarly reddened by crying. "I just got here. Who is this?"

"Uncle Shin!" Nagisa responds, a half-hearted smile coming to her face. "Mum-"

You move at the same time the man does, but you stand back, and let him drag Nagisa into a hug, with him in an awkward half kneel. He notices your motion, though, and nods at you in recognition. His eyes linger for a moment on your hair, the same pure white shade as theirs.

You shake your head with a half smile. "No relationship, as far as I know," you answer, before he can ask anything. "I just happened to be passing by."

"Then you have my thanks, Miss...?" Nagisa's clinging tightly to her uncle, but she isn't crying any more.

"Sabrina. I just happened to be here," you supply.

"I'm Momoe Shin," the man says. "And you have my gratitude, Sabrina, for helping to look after Nagisa here. I just managed to get here from work."

"It wasn't a problem," you say. "They just left her there crying, you know? I couldn't let that stand."

The man looks saddened, even as he rubs soothing circles on Nagisa's back. "That is not uncommon, here in Japan," he observes. "Nevertheless, unacceptable. I will see what I can do about it."

You chuff out a sigh, closing your eyes.

"*Sabrina? We're at the hospital, are you around?*" Mami's telepathic voice interrupts you.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

I'd love feedback on this particular scene. Emotional scenes are, to my annoyance, not a particularly stellar part of my repertoire.

I dislike random Japanese, but I'm not sure. I feel that 'big sis' seems to have somewhat different connotations from 'nee-san', no?
