# Entanglement pt. 8

"*Yeah, I'm here. Where are you?*" you respond to Mami.

"*We're at block 23,*" Mami replies.

"*Ok, I'll meet you there,*" you say. Out loud to Shin, you say, "Ah... I have to go now. Meeting some friends."

Nagisa hears this, though, and releases her uncle to charge over to you, grabbing you tightly. "No, don't go!"

"Nagisa, it's OK, she'll come and visit again, won't she?" Shin says, looking at you. He's barely taller than you are, you note.

"Of course I will," you respond, crouching to hug the girl. Addressing the man, you say, a little uncertainly, "Uh... I don't have any way of contacting you."

"Hm. Easily remedied," the business man notes, rooting around in his pocket and pulling out a pen. "Do you have any pap- no, never mind, I have some." He pulls what looks like a receipt out of his pocket and scribbles on the back, before passing it to you. "This is my personal handphone number, as well as my home number; Nagisa will be staying with me for now."

"Alright," you say, taking the receipt and slipping it into your own pocket with one hand. The other remains around Nagisa. Idly, you note that the receipt's from a restaurant, a *very* upscale one, if the prices are any kind of indication. "Hear that, Nagisa? I'll come and visit sometime."

"*Hey... if the cat I mentioned earlier comes around, let me know* first, *OK?*" you try, telepathically.

No visible response to that, but the white haired girl sniffles, hugging you a little tighter. "P-promise?"

"I'll do my best," you say, with a smile. "Now, be brave. I'll see you sometime, alright?"

"A-alright," Nagisa says, trying to smile back.

"Bye, then," you say, releasing her from the hug. Reluctantly, she lets go, too. You nod at Shin, and to your surprise, he bows to you. Not deeply, but enough for you to recognize it as a gesture of respect.

"Farewell, Sabrina," the man says.

You turn and leave the cafeteria, following the signs to the block Mami had mentioned. Along the way, you stop at a washroom to clean up a little; thankfully, the tear and mucus stains are easily washable away, though you look a little damp afterwards.

"Ah, there you are, Sabrina!" you hear Mami call as you round a corner. She's sitting on one of the hospital benches, alongside Homura. Mami looks deeply relieved to see you, and you can see Homura relax very slightly when she spies you.

"Mami, Homura, hello," you say as you walk over to them and sit down. "Sorry, I was at another block. Ah... where's Madoka and Sayaka?"

"Visiting their friend," Mami replies, and then giggles. "And Sayaka's friend, too. He's a boy, as expected."

"Oh?" you grin. "Iiiii*iiinteresting.*"

Homura sighs almost imperceptibly, and you take that as a cue to change the subject.

"Anyway, Madoka and Sayaka's friend fell down the stairs?" you ask.

"She did, and broke her wrist," Mami says, a small frown appearing on her face. "Quite badly, apparently, she's probably going to be going for surgery, if she's not under already."

"Hm," you grunt, suspicions rising again. It *sounds* like something Oriko might have Kirika do, but maybe you're just being paranoid? Perhaps you should visit Hitomi later and ask if she remembers something?

"We should go and hunt the Witch now," Homura injects, glancing at the clock. "It won't wait for us forever."

You purse your lips, before replying. "I... Hm. Homura, are you sure the Witch is here? I have a fairly large range in which I can sense Witches, and I can't sense anything like that around here. Admittedly my range doesn't cover the entire hospital, though."

A faint crease appears on Homura's forehead. "I'm sure I sensed it when I was passing by. But it might have moved."

"Maybe we could check the areas Sabrina's range doesn't cover?" Mami suggests tentatively, looking at Homura.

"Agreed," Homura says. The three of you set out, wandering across the hospital grounds to the far end. Little conversation occurs, though you'd say that the tension between Mami and Homura has eased a little. Just a little.

"There," Homura snaps, suddenly, pointing at a derelict building a block away from the hospital proper. It's on the barest edges of your sensing range.

You shrug, and obligingly change directions to head towards the building. It's rundown, and looks completely abandoned. Some of the windows are smashed in, and the paint, such as remains, is peeling off. As you approach it, you do in fact sense the Witch lairing within, the stygian pit of Grief that you've learned to expect.

As you approach the building, you can't help but compare it to the sprawling, opulent expanse of the hospital you'd just left, and wonder vaguely about it. Nevertheless, you soon find yourself in front of the Barrier entrance, with Homura and Mami standing beside you.

---

- [ ] Cleanse?
- [ ] Deep breath?
- [ ] Go in?
- [ ] Run away!
- [ ] Write-in

---

Little sister figure get!

Good thing Homura [eventually](http://rolz.org/embed?7862648) found a Witch. Egg on her face, eh?
