# Entanglement pt. 12

You shrink, feeling guilty over making Mami worry. "I... sorry, Mami. I didn't mean to make you worry like that."

Mami blows out a breath. "Just... don't be so reckless next time, OK?"

"I won't," you agree. To get over the awkwardness, you propose, "Cleansing?"

Mami sighs again, before untransforming and holding out her Soul Gem. You draw off the Grief, noting as you do that there's perhaps a mite more than you'd expect with how quickly the three of you had butchered your ways through the Familiars and Witch, earlier.

Homura similarly untransforms, this time offering her Soul Gem without prompting. You draw off the Grief, and finally cleanse your own Soul Gem, adding the corruption to the cloud that hangs before you. A contemplative look later, you leave the cloud trailing behind you for now.

Mami shakes her head. "I still can't believe that you can do that, Sabrina," she observes, while walking over to where the Grief Seed fell, and picking it up. "Magic can do amazing things, yes, but *that*, I've never even heard of. Akemi?"

Homura shakes her head minutely. "I have never encountered anyone with powers like Sabrina's, either."

"So, uh, anyway, maybe should head back to the hospital proper? Madoka and Sayaka will be waiting for us, I'm sure?" you say quickly, trying to cover up your mild embarassment.

"Yes, let's," Mami agrees with a smile, and begins to head back to the hospital. Homura trails along, behind the two of you.

A moment later, as you pass onto the hospital ground proper, Mami holds up the Grief Seed. "Ah, right. I think this should go to Sabrina, since she did most of the work this time, wouldn't you agree?" she says to Homura.

Homura glances at Mami, and then at you. "I have no objections."

"So, here you go, Sabrina!" Mami says, holding the Grief Seed out to you. "Your first Grief Seed!"

"I... uh. Sort of don't need it?" you protest. "Maybe Homura should have it, instead?"

"It's always good to have one or two, just in case," Mami says, reprovingly. "Even if you don't need it."

"Thanks, Mami," you reply, reluctantly pocketing the seed. Your *right* side pocket, away from the Grief marble on your left, just in case. "So... we made a good team, back there, didn't we? The three of us?"

Mami nods happily. "I agree. Akemi, I must admit I am very impressed with your marksmanship. How did you learn to shoot?"

"Practice," Homura replies drily. And that seems to kill the conversation for a while, though the silence isn't as uncomfortable as it had been previously. You get the impression that Mami has some measure of respect for Homura now, and at least somewhat trusts that she isn't as murderous as she seems.

The three of you continue in silence, winding along the paths connecting the hospital buildings, and enjoying the late afternoon sun. It is long, though, before a thought seems to strike Mami, and she frowns for a moment before asking, "Ah... Sabrina? Earlier you mentioned a magical girl threatening our home?"

"Uh... yes," you mention, suddenly very aware of Homura walking behind you. "I was on the bus, headed towards Shirome, when this girl sat down next to me, and started talking very strangely at me. She... refused to let me out of the seat, and we wound up travelling all the way to the bus interchange."

You can *feel* Homura's eyes attempting to bore a hole in the back of your head. "Describe her," the time traveller snaps, voice suddenly as cold as glacial ice in the depths of an arctic winder.

"Uh. She was wearing the Shirome school uniform. About Mami's height, I think? Long grey hair, green eyes." You take a deep breath. No way around this. "Oriko, she said her name was."

Homura goes completely silent at that, even her footsteps from behind you stopping.

You and Mami turn to look. Homura's standing there, hands clenched tightly enough that her fingernails are biting into the flesh of her palm, and her hands are shaking. With rage, you realize.

"Akemi?" Mami says. "Have you heard of this girl before?"

"You could say that," the time traveller grates out from between clenched teeth. "She is very, *very* dangerous. I would advise you be on guard. My apologies, I have things to attend to elsewhere." She picks up her pace, walking quickly past the two of you.

"*Homura!*" you call telepathically. "*I still need to talk to you privately?*"

"*Inform me when you wish to talk. If possible, I will meet you,*" is your reply as the time traveller disappears around the corner.

Mami shakes her head. "If she's that worried about this Oriko..." she huffs out a sigh. "I guess we *do* need to be careful. You especially, Sabrina."

"Yeah, I know\..." you grimace. For more reasons than you can guess, Mami, you think ruefully to yourself. "She somehow knew my name, and who I was, on the bus, you know?"

"Is that so?" Mami says sharply, frown stealing across her forehead. "That's even more worrying."

"Still, can't see anything that can be done about it, for now," you say unhappily. "So... ah! In happier news, today, I may have accidentally gained a little sister!"

"Oh?" The look Mami gives you tells you she can see your painfully transparent attempt to change the subject, but she lets it slide.

"Yeah... I was wandering around the hospital, and there was a little girl crying behind one of those big potted plants," you say, pointing at one you happen to be walking by. "So... I kinda comforted her a bit, and she... sort of latched on."

Mami laughs at this, patting you on the shoulder. "Taking in strays already, Sabrina?"

"I- no, her uncle came along and found her, eventually. Uh... I *would* like to invite her over one day, maybe? If that's OK with you?" you say, flushing a little.

"You don't have to ask, Sabrina," Mami replies. "I've only known you for a day, but you're a good person."

"Ah... thanks, Mami," you say. "You're a good person, too, and I'm proud to be at your side."

Silence, as Mami stops walking.

And then, a quiet, "Thank you, Sabrina."

"Mm. You have nothing to thank me for," you say gently. "You've shown me nothing but kindness."

"Yes, but..."

"You're not alone any more, Mami," you say, taking a small risk.

A quiet sniffle. "*Thank* you, Sabrina."

You put a comforting hand on her shoulder, and let her compose herself.

She wipes her eyes a few times, and then looks back up at you. "Shall we continue, then?"

---

- [ ] Conversation, what's next?

---

Mami, in the series, went from 'rescuing pink and blue' to tearful 'I'm not alone anymore' in about two days. Speaks volumes, really.

Next update brings you to Madoka and Sayaka. Choose what you want to do next; visiting Kyousuke, Hitomi maybe? Dinner? Choose conversational directions with pink and blue, possibly green or grey, too, depending.
