# Entanglement pt. 13

You and Mami head in towards the hospital in a comfortable silence, though you can tell that Mami's still fretting about something. Either Oriko, and the threat, or your recklessness.

As you go, you realize that the cloud of Grief is still following you around like a balloon, and it takes a moment of thought to compress it down to form another marble, which you pluck out of the air and drop into your left pocket to join the other one.

"Mami?" you break the silence as a thought strikes you. When she looks inquistively at you, you ask, "You haven't seen Kyuubey all day, right? Is he usually gone this long?"

"Well, it's happened before. Not terribly often, though," Mami replies thoughtfully. "Maybe he has other cities to look after? Mitakihara is... well, he doesn't really seem to contract new magical girls here very much."

Oh, you'll bet the Incubator does, if only for Witch fodder. Not that you'd say as much to Mami, of course. "So... the entire city is yours?"

"Only the central area," she admits. "The suburbs are quite sparse, and I think there's a magical girl out there, on the west side?" She pauses thoughtfully. "I haven't heard from her in a while, though. And it's *ours*, Sabrina. Akemi's as well, I suppose. Though... now that you mention it..."

Mami walks on, brow furrowed in thought for a moment. "Given that there's two of us, we *could* consider a larger hunting area now. Even if you don't need it-" she gives you a bright smile to accompany that "-exterminating Witches and Familiars is its own reward, isn't it?"

You hum noncommitally. You're... not going to touch on the nature of Witches, so you just nod. "Sounds like a plan. Maybe we could make contact with that magical girl you mentioned? And how about the east?"

"Hm," Mami says. "To the east -uh, further past the river and the old industrial district, I mean- is Kasamino City... the two cities are sort of joined together. There's a magical girl covering that area."

Kyouko Sakura, you'd guess, judging by the unhappy cast to Mami's face. Wisely, you decide not to push. "So that's covered, then."

"Yes, it is," Mami says, with a note of finality. "And... I think that any expansion will have to wait until we deal with this Oriko."

You almost sigh out loud, but withold it. The conversation *would* come back to her, wouldn't it? "Yeah. She worries me. I mentioned earlier, right? She knew precisely who I was, and precisely where I would be, to come and find me."

"Maybe she can read minds, and it was just a coincidence she was there?" Mami offers. "After all, you were on the bus to her school, right?"

"That's possible, I guess," you admit, with no easy way to refute that. "She seemed far too confident, though."

"We should ask Kyuubey, when he returns," Mami suggests. "Sometimes he doesn't want to tell about other magical girls, but sometimes he does."

You shrug. "Worth a try. That block," you comment, when Mami, not paying attention to where she's going, seems to be headed for the wrong building.

Madoka and Sayaka, it turns out, are waiting at the lobby of that particular ward, chatting with each other. Madoka spots the two of you first.

"Mami! Sabrina!" she calls, smile lighting up your face.

"Madoka, Sayaka, hello," Mami greets warmly. You echo her greetings, as Sayaka similarly calls her hellos. "Did you have a good visit? How are your friends?"

Madoka looks a little unhappy at the reminder. "Hitomi has a really bad fracture. She just cam out of surgery not long ago, though she's awake now. They say she might need a cast for a month, maybe more."

Mami brings her hand to her mouth, looking horrified. "That's a really bad fracture."

"Yeah, it was strange," Sayaka says. "The doctors said that it couldn't have been worse if it was deliberate."

You rake your fingers through your hair, thinking. Suspicious, to say the least. Had Oriko simply been trying to get you out of the way so that Kirika could do that? But you weren't even in Mitakihara Middle School, so why would she have had to distract you? And what possible purpose could breaking Hitomi's wrist serve?

"Hey Sabrina, you OK?" Sayaka asks. "You look kinda spaced out there."

"Yeah, I'm fine," you answer. "Just thinking a bit."

"'kay. So how was your hunt? How was the creep?" Sayaka asks.

"Sayaka, don't call her that," Madoka admonishes gently.

"The hunt went well," Mami replies. "And Akemi wasn't so bad. She's really quite experienced, it seems."

"Hmph," the bluenette grumps, crossing her arms. "Well, I still don't like her."

"Well, that's your right," you observe drily.

"Ah, whatever," Sayaka says, picking up her school bag. "So, what's next?"

---

- [ ] Dinner
- [ ] Remind Sayaka about that assignment
- [ ] Meeting with Homura
- [ ] Choose a conversational direction for either

---

Sabrina's inner monologue isn't purely fluff, you know.
