# Entanglement pt. 14

You raise an eyebrow at Sayaka. "Don't I remember that you have an assignment due tomorrow?"

You watch with interest as Sayaka blinks owlishly at you, blood gradually draining out of her face, before she begins to emit a '*gneeeeeeeeee...*' sound, as if she's deflating in place. And indeed, she does seem to be deflating, her shoulders going slack and head slowly dipping down so that her hair covers her eyes.

You shake your head, smirking in amusement. "I'll take that as a yes."

"Sayaka, you said you'd do it by yourself..." Madoka says, fixing the bluenette with a sad look. Her big, disappointed eyes, coupled with a wobbling lower lip, are devastating, and you feel guilty by association even if you hadn't actually done anything wrong.

"I know, I know, but... things happened," Sayaka protests. "Ah... I'll rush it tonight, OK?"

You sigh and roll your eyes. "Is it math or english? Or science or something? Let me have a look at it. But *just this once*, OK, because I had some part in you having less time to do you work." You put out a hand.

"Math, and thanks, Sabrina!" Sayaka says, brightening up and sitting back down on the bench to dig around her school bag.

Madoka turns her disappointed look on you.

You are not moved.

Nope.

Not at all.

Not even in the slightest.

This *was* partially your fault and you're going to fix it.

It's not going to set a trend.

Nope.

Finally, Sayaka slaps a worksheet into your hand, and you browse through it quickly while plumping yourself down on one of the hospital benches. Middle school algebra, nothing terribly difficult, you find. "Pen, paper?" you request, even as Mami peeks over your shoulder.

Sayaka hands them over, and you spend fifteen minutes to rapidly draft out some quick notes before handing them back. "These *aren't* complete solutions," you inform Sayaka. "They're a good start, but you *do* need to finish these yourself."

"Thanks, Sabrina, you're a lifesaver," Sayaka says gratefully, accepting the papers.

You snort, and wave it off. "Not a problem. You should probably go home and get started, though."

"Eh... I guess so. Madoka?" Sayaka replies, standing.

"Ah, yes. Bye, Mami, Sabrina," Madoka says, similarly standing.

"See you," Mami replies with a smile, and you add your farewells. "Hey, Sabrina? How come you seemed to know how to do the math so easily?"

You shrug. "No idea... I just *knew* I could."

Mami looks saddened. "You must be missing quite a life, I think."

You smile at Mami. "My new one isn't too bad either."

Mami just shakes her head, though she's smiling a little.

The two of you leave the hospital, and head over to a small restaurant to eat dinner. You remember something as you leave the restaurant.

"Hey, Mami?"

"Yes?"

"Uh... I'm going to go and meet Homura later, OK? I need to discuss something with her," you say.

"Oh. Be careful, OK?" Mami says. "... Maybe not of Akemi, but there's still that Oriko around."

"Yeah, I will," you reply.

Mami turns to head home.

**\[] Set up the meeting with Homura- she may not agree
\- \[] Write-in conversation direction if she agrees
\[] Head home with Mami- turn in for the night**

\=====​

Just imagine Madoka looking disappointedly at you. *Imagine it*.
