# Entanglement pt. 15

"I'll see you later, Mami," you tell the blonde.

"See you, Sabrina! Don't stay out too late," Mami replies, smiling and heading off home.

"*Homura?*" you call.

A long pause. "*Do you know where Madoka's house is?*" the time traveller replies eventually.

"*No,*" you admit.

"*Meet me at Mitakihara Middle School, then,*" Homura replies tersely.

"*On my way,*" you nod, even if she can't see you. You frown at the surrounding buildings. Nowhere good to hide so that you can get to the roof, so you walk along the street until you finally find an alley to duck into. Moments later, you find yourself on the roof, illuminated from below by the gentle glow of streetlamps from below and the waxing crescent moon above.

You launch yourself into the air, enjoying the cool evening breeze. As you hop along the roofs, you briefly wonder if anybody might look up at precisely the right moment to see you sailing between buildings, but dismiss the thought as irrelevant. It's not really your problem.

You quickly approach the school. By night, with its lights out, the glass and steel architecture of the building gains an ethereal beauty to it, glittering under the light of the moon and the streetlamps. A thousand shadows crisscross and overlap in its interior, forming a shifting mosaic of shadows.

Your senses let you home unerringly in on Homura, who's standing on one of the apartments near the school, and you crunch to a landing right behind her. She's wearing her puella magi uniform, and simply standing with her hands held loosely at her sides while looking down on the school.

Homura turns when you land behind her, fixing you with her violet gaze. Standing as she is at the edge of the roof, she's silhouetted by the glow of the city lights, and you can barely make out her expression. You wonder if she's being intentionally intimidating.

A deep breath. "Homura, I think we need to talk in private. Can you use your power on the both of us? I can cleanse your gem as necessary, if that's a problem."

You can see Homura frown in the shadows, and you can understand why. Timestop is her one big trump card, and she'd be naturally reluctant to bring you in to it, and more than that, how did you know about it? You can practically *see* the gears turning in her head.

"I don't mean you, or Madoka, any harm. I want to help," you say, taking a risk. Homura inhales sharply at that.

Finally, though, she nods, "Yes. One moment." She glances around the rooftop, before finally seeing what she's looking for; a discarded, empty cigarette box. She holds out one end of the box to you with her left hand, and you understand- the box is fragile and easy to lose your grip of, stranding you in the timestop if you make any hostile moves.

You sit down on the rooftop, patting the rooftop in front of you and looking at the time traveller expectantly. This might take a while, you reason. Homura looks even more annoyed, but sits down, still proferring the box to you.

You take a deep breath, and grasp the end of the box.

The shield clacks and spins on Homura's arm, and time-

-\*stops.\*​

The colour drains out of the world, everything turning grey and still. From here on the rooftop, high above everything, it doesn't look like much changed, save that the neverending stream of lights you know are cars have halted. But you know that down on the streets, throughout the *world*, time itself has ground to a halt, *everything* is frozen in its tracks.

Apart from the two of you, *nothing* is moving in this cold, dead world.

"What did you want to talk to me about?" Homura prompts you, still pinning you with her eyes.

"Remember when I told you about Walpurgisnacht?" you begin, voice echoing oddly in the frozen world.

"Yes."

"It's not the only thing I know," you say carefully. "I *know*, Homura. I know that you're a time traveller-" Homura twitches violently, but thankfully doesn't let go of the cigarette box, "-and I know about the loops. I know how important Kaname Madoka is, and why you want to save her. And a lot more besides: the Incubators, puella magi, and Witches. Oriko."

Homura stares at you, eyes wide. And then her hand slackens. She's letting go of the bo-

-x! You blink, sudden adrenaline coursing through your system. She's holding it again in a white knuckled death grip, crushing her end of the box flat. There's a pistol in her other hand, but it's not pointed at you. Not right now, anyway, though you have a feeling it might have been otherwise for a while, there.

Both hands are trembling.

"H-*how?*" One simple word.

You shake your head slowly at that. "That... is the one question I can't answer. The first thing I can remember is waking up in the alley. I don't know how or why I know\... but I want to help, Homura. That much, I'm sure of."

Homura takes a shaky breath. "I. How do I know I can trust you? If you know about Oriko, then you know what she can do. How do I know you're nor like *her*?"

**\[] Write-in
\- \[] Your answer, and anything else you want to discuss**

\=====​

I suppose it's a good thing you'd already laid in some ground work for being helpful, really...
