# Entanglement pt. 16

"Because I'm not *insane* like a certain precog?" you say drily. You're not actually sure Oriko's insane, just an extremist. But still.

Homura doesn't comment on that.

"I told you the truth as soon as I could, and really, who else could I tell, here and now? Madoka and Sayaka aren't puella magi, Mami... well, you know. And I'm certainly not telling Kyuubey or Oriko," you continue. "I've been trying to help. I want everyone to live through this, you know? And that includes myself. I don't want to die. *You* could easily kill me." You indicate the pistol she's holding in her other hand.

You sigh, and look away. "Ultimately, the only thing I can give you now are words. I've been *trying* to help. To get you on better terms with Mami, with everyone. And... anyway, what can it hurt? If I'm lying, you reset time again, and start again. Maybe I'm there the next time, maybe I'm not. You can do... whatever. And one more person can only help, right? I *know* what you've gone through, Homura. Not all of it... but I know you haven't had much luck, else we wouldn't be having this conversation."

Homura squeezes her eyes shut, looking surprisingly vulnerable with her brows furrowed as if in pain. You look away, giving her a moment. Instead, you look around at the frozen city hued in grey. The most remarkable thing is the *silence*. The only thing you can hear are yours and Homura's breathing, and the slow thunder of your own heartbeat. Nothing else. No cars, no working machinery of air conditioners, none of the nearly inaudible hum of street lights...

Cessation of everything, time and all. Here then is a solution of Zeno's paradox; here is the infinitesimal time between moments in which things can happen. Here is the *discretization* of time. How does that even *work*, you wonder?

Finally, the timetraveller responds, voice and gaze now steady. "Very well. Don't make me regret this."

Relief washes over you, and you feel the knot in your shoulders easing. "I won't," you say as earnestly as you can. "I *want* you to succeed, Homura. I want everyone to live; this time to tell for all."

Homura... doesn't quite grimace. Her lips pull in such a way as to suggest that, though. "If, as you say, you know of what's been happening, then you know that that may not be possible."

"Mami in particular," you nod grimly. "You've never run into anyone with my powers, though, have you?" You hold up your right hand for emphasis, reminding her of what, precisely, you can do. "Speaking of which, do you need...?"

"Not yet," Homura demurs. "And I have not. *You* are an anomaly, Sabrina, like Oriko. I- I've never seen you before."
Why the stutter?
You cock your head, reminded of something. "Speaking of which. Why isn't Oriko dead? I figured you'd kill her after... what she did."

"I did, for a while. But I noticed, a few loops later, that I didn't have to waste my time on it; she would simply never contract by herself. I'm not sure *why* she and Kirika contracted that once, but I just stopped bothering," Homura says. "It was-"

"-an anomaly," you finish. "And you've never seen her contract again?"

"Not until this loop," Homura confirms.

"Strange," you comment. Very strange indeed.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Any plans you guys have? Anything you want to tell Homura?
