# Entanglement pt. 18

"Uh, yeah, actually," you say, forestalling Homura's move to end the timestop. "First thing... H. N. Elly, the box Witch; her nature is covetousness. She is staunchly reclu- no, that isn't useful." You forcibly choke back the flow of information. "Um. The television Witch, with one winged mannequin Familiars?"

"I'm familiar with it, yes," Homura says.

"OK, it's the next important one I remember," you explain. "So, uh. One way it can play out is that it Witch Kisses Hitomi, who drags Madoka along to a group suicide. I suppose that's no longer a real issue, with Hitomi in the hospital, but something to look out for with regards to Madoka? It's in a warehouse, from what I remember, an-"

"How do you know this?" Homura interrupts you, looking extremely perturbed.

"Uh? I told you, I don't remember anything of myself, just... events," you say truthfully.

Homura frowns are you for a long moment, before motioning with her other hand. "Continue, then."

"That's about it, really, it's important because of the chance Madoka might get mixed up in it," you finish lamely. "Hm. Ah, your starvation idea... I'm willing to *try* it, but given Oriko can see the future, and Kirika could apparently clear out the entire city of puella magi..."

"She didn't exactly succeed," Homura says, raising an eyebrow, and indicating herself. "But point taken."

"Alright, then I suppose that's it," you say. "It's good to be working with you, Homura. Hopefully, together, we can succeed, yeah?"

Homura grunts in response. "Hm."

"Oh, right!" you snap your fingers, suddenly reminded of one more thing to ask her. You lean in close. "How on *earth* do you do that hair flip thing?"

A long, slow blink.

"What?"

"Your hair! That flipping thing you do, you know-" you mime the motion, which probably just makes you look rather daft since you have *short* hair. "How do you do it? Do you use magic, or did you practice it or something?"

"My... hair?" the time traveller seems to be reconsidering certain choices that she had made recently, such as agreeing to work with the obviously crazy girl. Her left hand creeps up to touch the glorious mane of hair in question self consciously.

"Yes your hair!" you insist, getting up on one knee to lean closer to Homura. She leans back. "How?"

"I... just flick my hand through my hair...?"

Somehow, you get the impression that no one's ever questioned Akemi Homura on her hair before.

"You... just..." you deflate, sinking back to sit back down. "You- but. But. Hair. That is *such* bullshit."

"It's... I just do this?" Homura says, increasingly bewildered. She sweeps her left hand, with the shield and all, through her hair, sending the silky strands billowing out like a flowing, raven black banner that seems to flutter in a nonexistent breeze.

"Gah!" you exclaim, looking away from the hypnotic motion. "I just- never mind. Never mind."

"I don't underst-"

"*Never mind*," you snap. "Just. Never. Mind. Let us never speak of this again."

"... Agreed," Homura says. "Nothing else?"

"No, nothing," you confirm.

Homura's shield clacks on her arm, and colour unceremoniously floods back into the world. The cars resume their motion, and the return of the noise of the city, so suddenly returning after the profound *silence* of the timestop, disorients you for a moment.

You blow out a breath. "Whoo."

Homura rises to her feet, dropping the cigarette box, and extends her Soul Gem to you wordlessly. You can see that the timestop has cost her quite dearly; corruption swirls in the depths of her Soul Gem, darkening its brilliant violet gleam. Well, you can fix that.

You stand, stretching languidly, and curl a hand. The Grief drifts free, forming itself into a cloud which you compress down to a marble, moderately larger than the other ones you already have. Homura brings the Soul Gem up to her eye level, examining it closely.

"It's good to be working with you, too," Homura says finally, extending her hand toward you. You smile, and grab her hand in a firm handshake.

"Yeah. Same, Homura," you agree. "Stay safe."

"Hm," the timetraveller grunts, walking to the edge of the roof.

"Bye!" you call as she leaps towards the next building, heading off, you assume, to resume her vigil over Madoka. You yourself turn to head back to Mami's apartment.

You soon reach home, and unlock the door. It's only 8:30PM, so you're not surprised to find that Mami's still awake. Less pleasant, however, is the fact that Kyuubey has apparently returned at some point, and is currently curled on the couch while Mami does what looks like homework at the low table.

"Hello, Sabrina! How did your talk with Akemi go?" Mami calls cheerfully as you lock the door behind you. The Incubator sits up on the couch and fixes you with its glassy pink eyes.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Oh hey, it's back.
