# Entanglement pt. 19

"Oh, we had a nice talk," you say airily. "She doesn't know how she does the hair-flip thing, though."

"Hair-flip thing?" Mami asks, putting her pencil down and looking at you quizzically.

"Yes, you know-" you mime the motion again, reflecting as you do so that this is the second time you've done it this night alone. How do people not recognize the glory that is Homura's hair flip?

"Oh," Mami looks puzzled. "Is this like the teacup thing again? I'm sure she just uses magic to do it."

"That's the thing!" you exclaim with more than a tinge of frustration and waving wildly with your hands to emphasize. "She doesn't! Or she claims she doesn't."

Mami purses her lips, bringing a hand to her own golden curls of hair. "I find that difficult to believe. I used to do my hair *without* magic... but the alternative is simply so much better."

"Yes, but-" you make the flipping motion again, pacing in circles "-hair! How does she *do* it? And she claims she doesn't know *how* she's doing it?" Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Mami and Kyuubey exchanging looks.

"Ah..." Mami trails off, before trying, placatingly, "Maybe she's just keeping her secrets? I... could teach you the teacup trick?"

"Eh, whatever," you mutter grumpily, plumping yourself down on the sofa next to Kyuubey. "No, it's alright, Mami, we all need our secrets, after all. You know what, I should figure out my own thing. You have the teacup, Homura has the hair flip thing... Hm. What could I do..."

You mull it over for a moment, as Mami returns to her homework, puzzled frown still on her face.

"Oh, hey, Kyuubey," you comment. "Think you can do anything with these?" You pull one of the spheres of Grief out of your pocket and hold it up for the alien to inspect. You don't *like* it, but it seems likely that this is your best shot for getting rid of these.

Kyuubey hops to its feet, and you obligingly bring the marble to its eye level for examination. You resist the urge to smash the alien into a pulp via an exertion of a heroic level of will power.

"*Intruiging,*" the Incubator observes, as Mami looks up with interest. "*Place it in the slot on my back,*" it instructs, turning to present its back to you. A section of its back enclosed by a pink, ovoid marking fades to abyssal black.

You squint, and lean in close to stare into the hole. "Huh. What happens if I stuck something else in there?"

"*That would be unpleasant, rather like inserting a stick into someone's mouth,*" Kyuubey observes blandly. Mami claps her hand over her mouth, muffling giggles. "*Please place the Grief inside the hole.*"

"Alright, alright," you say, popping the marble in. "There."

The opening closes again, and the marking glimmers for a moment. The Incubator wiggles in place, chasing its tail around in a circle for a moment, before sitting up and looking at you again. "*Most intruiguing. This can be processed, however, the density is considerably lower than a Grief Seed.*"

"Is that bad, Kyuubey?" Mami asks anxiously.

"*No, by all means, continue,*" Kyuubey says, before ducking its head and chasing its tail around again.

You stare at the spinning Incubator for a moment. That's as good as you're going to get from it for now, you guess. You briefly consider questioning it, but ultimately decide to wait for now. Instead, you go for a shower, and then proceed to help Mami a little with the trickier questions in her homework.

Eventually, Mami finishes her homework and heads to her room, bidding you good night.

...

A new day, a new dawn. No nocturnal disturbances that you know of. You can here Mami moving around the apartment again.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Sabrina: Ungodly powerful meguca, good friend, comforter of little girls. Tends to go off on random tangents and completely spazz out about seemingly innocuous things.

Mmmhm.

The write in should include up to your first activity of the day. You can go and experiment with your powers, or go and watch Madoka, or visit the hospital, or Nagisa, or contact Homura, or... whatever.

If relevant, today is Wednesday.
