# Entanglement pt. 21

You frown, keeping calm despite the murderous puella magi currently talking to you. Well, *potentially* murderous, you amend. She's currently acting like a bright, cheery girl sent out on an errand, which from some points of view she *is*.

"Well, that's a shame," you comment. "Ah, well... thank you for telling me. You're... Kirika, correct?" The black girl nods, shooting you a grin and a thumbs up. "Right, Oriko mentioned you yesterday."

"Oh! Did she say anything nice?" Kirika asks brightly.

"Ah... no, not really," you say carefully. "It was just in passing." And technically *you* brought Kirika up, not Oriko, but hey, who's counting?

"Oh," the girl says, looking down and poking her index fingers together, looking altogether too much like a disconsolate puppy for someone you know could be a ruthless murderer at the behest of Oriko.

"Uh..." you say carefully. "I don't suppose you happen to know what Oriko's doing?"

"Um..." Kirika looks back up at you, still twiddling her fingers. "I think she said something about hiring someone? She didn't say who, though."

Huh. That's worrying. Oriko's biggest deficiency is -was?- the fact that she only had herself and Kirika to work with, but if she's hiring someone, whether another puella magi or just mercenaries or something...

"*Homura,*" you call.

"*I haven't found Kirika yet,*" she replies immediately.

"*Yeah, that's because she's here,*" you inform her drily. "*She's not attacking, just talking for now. She said Oriko's busy somewhere else. Fill you in on more, later.*"

"*Acknowledged. Remember that Kirika is* extremely *dangerous,*" Homura says.

"Heee*eeey*," Kirika says, leaning in closer to your face. You flinch back from the uncomfortably close puella magi. "Talkin' to someone else, or just thinking?"

"Hm? Yeah," you say vaguely, stepping backwards to get away from her. She lets you go, lolling back and forth on the balls of her feet, hands in the pockets of her school uniform.

"It's rude to do that, you know!" she says chidingly, wagging a finger at you. "If someone's in front of you, you shouldn't be talking to someone else!"

"Ah, of course. My apologies," you say, placatingly. "Hey, uh... would you happen to know someone by the name of Shizuki Hitomi? Green hair, about our age?"

Kirika looks thoughtful, scrunching up her face. "Nah, name doesn't sound familiar. Green hair... you're gonna have to be more specific than that. 's not *that* uncommon a colour."

"Near any staircases, perhaps?" you persist.

"Oh, you mean *her*!" the girl says, with a look of dawning understanding. "Girl who fell down the stairs yesterday? Yeah, who hasn't heard about her?"

There's a slight edge to her tone, as if she's forcing nonchalance. You decide not to push any further with the unstable magical girl, and cast for another subject. You spy the plush toy at her hip -is that a rabbit?- and decide that it's as good a subject change as any.

"Eh, was just wondering about it. Anyway... that's a nice toy. A gift from Oriko?" you say, gesturing.

"Oh, this?" Kirika says casually, unclipping the toy and holding it out for you to look at. It *is* a rabbit. "Yes, it's nice, isn't it?" And then she suddenly leans in close to you again, clutching the toy to her chest. "It's a symbol of our love- and you'd better not be threatening that," she snarls, bubbly cheeriness suddenly gone.

You hiss out a breath. Yep, there we go. Suddenly, you're *very* aware of her proximity to you and her potential to simply gut you there and then. You could probably hit her with your Grief manipulation after that, and you can *probably* heal yourself, but you're not in any particular hurry to be eviscerated. "I'm not," you protest weakly.

"Good! Just keep that in mind," Kirika chirps, now all smiles again. She rocks backwards on her feet. "You're not so bad, then."

You chuff out a relieved breath. "Yeah, I can do that. Hey, uh, can I offer some advice?"

"Yeah?" Kirika cocks her head like a curious bird.

"Uh. Your Wish. You should really talk about it Oriko, if you haven't already. It's really, really important that you do. Don't you think it'll hurt her when she finds out by herself?" you say. If you could just try defusing this particular bomb, perhaps Kirika would be less unstable?

"Huh?" Kirika says. "Oriko knows my Wish already! She was there, after all."

What?

"Anyway, I'm thirsty. I'm going to go buy a drink, wanna come with?" Kirika says brightly.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Phone typing. Suffering. \*grumble\*
