# Entanglement pt. 23

You hiss in a breath. A puella magi, but one who's *just* running? Either she's new, *very* new, or trying to go undetected. You briefly consider Kirika, who you'd seen recently, *just* running, too.

Still, you can't let this go to chance, and you spring powerfully into the air, cracking the roof behind you. You hope no one was living in that building directly under your take off point; they'd probably have plaster falling in on them if not worse.

You soar through the air on a long arc, carefully angling yourself for where you sense the Barrier is. You squint at the rushing figure still approaching the Barrier, trying to make it out, but the wind rushing past your eyes makes it difficult to see clearly.

You land with a loud crack, shattering concrete under your feet. The paving tile is completely pulverized, and little chips go flying into the air. The puella magi, still charging at the Barrier, stops and looks at the source of the loud noise.

It's a little girl, no more than ten. A messy bob of green hair sits on her head, crowned by a white cat eared hat with tufts of hair poking out from the ears. She's wearing a green and white shoulder-less dress with little orange clasps and buttons. Her orange Soul Gem is displayed prominently on the back of a fluffy white collar around her neck, and on the front, a large orange gemstone.

Chitose Yuma.

She blinks at you, and turns to run for the Barrier again.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Short update.

One thing I'm explicitly retconning by GM fiat is that Yuma's weapon is *just* a mace. Because no, fuck you, it does *not* have a godsdamned tail; who thought that was a good idea?
