# Entanglement pt. 24

A frission of fear runs down your back, as you guess what's happening. Yuma's newly contracted, and rushing for a Barrier... which means that Kyouko is facing that unusually strong Witch that might kill her. You pick up speed, accelerating to inhuman speeds with long, bounding strides that leaves a trail of cracked concrete pavement behind you.

"On your left!" you bark at the green-haired puella magi, and she flinches towards the right just enough for you to bend down and scoop her up under your arms. Her breath whooshes out at your none too gentle snatch and grab - you can't afford finesse yet. Yuma stiffens in your arms, but before she can struggle, you snap at her, yelling to be heard above the rushing wind. "You need to get to the Barrier, right? Well, I'm not letting you go alone. Let me come with you."

Before she really has time to process this, you're already diving at the Barrier, feet first, Yuma still tucked firmly under your arm like a large, green rugby ball.

After the first, disorienting and nauseating moment in which you suppress your urge to tear the Grief from this place, you glance around at the Barrier. It seems to be made of a veritable forest of bare trellises that tower into the distance. They're bare of plants, but they're standing close enough that it looks difficult to manuveur between them. You can hear the sounds of fighting echoing from somewhere within the Labyrinth.

---

- [ ] Maxim 10: Sometimes, the only way out is through... through the hull. (Dungeon bypass)
- [ ] Maxim 1: Pillage, *then* burn. (Search conventionally)
- [ ] Write-in

---

Sabrina: Pro at picking up the girls.

Also, another short update.
