# Entanglement pt. 27

You glance at the Grief Seed, still lying between the three of you. Out of the corner of your eye, you see Kyouko stiffen almost imperceptibly.

"Hey, you can keep the Grief Seed," you inform her. "This *is* your turf, and it's not like I actually need them." You wiggle your fingers to remind her of what you can do.

The redhead nods stiffly, but doesn't make a move towards the Grief Seed, instead continuing to watch you like a hawk. You shrug wryly, and turn to look at Yuma, still bundled protectively behind Kyouko's arm.

"Hey, uh, Yuma," you say gently, feigning a little unfamiliarity. "You're OK, right? I didn't hurt you or anything, picking you up earlier?" Now that the adrenaline's wearing off, you're a little worried that you were too rough with Yuma, simply picking her up and running. Still, it's just as well that you'd hurried to help Kyouko, you guess.

Yuma shakes her head, peeking at you shyly before ducking to hide behind Kyouko. Without the immediacy of her older sister figure in trouble, she seems to be a lot more timid.

You grimace. You *want* to talk to them a little more, Kyouko especially, but with they way Kyouko seems to be trying to brush you off... You decide to take one last stab at it.

"OK. I guess you've got things to talk about, but, uh... may I buy you lunch?" you ask, carefully.

Kyouko lifts her spear and slams it butt first into the ground in a single swift motion, shattering a paving stone with a loud crack that makes both you and Yuma jump. She glares at you with undisguised suspicion. "OK, look. Help with a Witch, sure. A free cleanse? I've never heard of that kinda thing before, but whatever. Keep the Grief Seed? Yeah, I ain't turning that down. I can believe some idiots are that nice, and y' don't need 'em. Whatever. Buy us lunch? Yeah, no. That's one thing too far. Lady, what the *fuck* is your game?" she spits.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Kyouplomacy, ladies and gentlemen!
