# Entanglement pt. 28

You snort, looking incredulously at Kyouko. "So I break, I dunno, *all* the damn laws of physics, magic, *and* common sense to help a random magical girl I don't know, and you draw the line at *lunch*?" The redhead opens her mouth to retort, but you steamroller over her.

"Straw that broke the camel's back? Whatever. Look. I woke up in an alley two, count them, *two* days ago with *no* information in my head other than about the whole magical system. Trust me when I say I know exactly *how* much it sucks, 'dog eat dog', 'food chain', yadda yadda. I don't know how or I know, or why it's the *only* things I know; I must have known a hell of a magical girl or something," you say, more than a shade of annoyance bleeding into your voice.

"Yeah, good for you, you've got a sob story of your own." Kyouko begins, bristling. Yuma's long since ducked behind Kyouko, hiding from the brewing confrontation. "There's nobody that fuckin' nice, and *you* are tryin' t' butter me up for something."

You rake your fingers through your hair in frustration. "When I say I woke up in an alley two days ago with next to nothing in my head I *mean I woke up in an alley with next to nothing in my head.* I don't bloody well know what to do with myself."

"An' what, you go 'round helping' everyone you come across, like some kinda some modern day Mother Theresa?" Kyouko snaps. "Lemme tell you, there's no grand prize for 'being a nice person'!"

"*Yes!*" you exclaim. "My powers let me help magical girls, so why the hell not? It's as good as bloody well any purpose, seeing as I don't *have* one!"

A quiet, shaking voice cuts in as Kyouko stares at you in what seems to be stark disbelief. "Yuma t-thinks Kyouko is a nice person."

Eventually, Kyouko moves, covering her face with her palm. "Oh my god, you're one of *those*," she mutters into her hand, before, slightly louder, "Good for you. Listen, if you say you knew a magical girl, then-"

"Yeah, yeah, every girl out for herself, whatever. I've heard the spiel before. Except that I can *afford* to not *care*, because hey, do I need to say it again? *Magic*," you explain with a touch of asperity.

Kyouko, just lifting her face from her palm, returns it with a loud smack. "Oh my god, you... *you* are... I don't even know. OK, whatever. You serious about that lunch offer? I still reckon you've got some kind of agenda, but I'll hear you out. An' I can't really turn down a free lunch if you're offering. But either way, scram for a bit, I need to have *words* with Yuma."

You don't think she believes you fully about simply being a nice person, but at least she's willing to give you a chance.

**\[] Sure.
\- \[] You still have that packed lunch you prepared this morning. What do?
\[] Sorry, offer's expired.
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

What, did you think the occasional 'typing on the phone is suffering' notes were for fun? And it's not like I have much else to do while on the bus and stuff.

Also, write in meal time conversation/what to do next, as appropriate.
