# Entanglement pt. 30

You shrug. "Reminder on Oriko. I cannot emphasize this enough; *she is dangerous*."

Kyouko looks indifferent. "I've dealt with powerful magical girls and Witches before," she says dismissively.

"Foresight," you say grimly. "Or, I should say, precognizance. She can see the future pretty well. And she loves her convoluted plans that makes life difficult days down the line. She's got at least one magical girl working with her, by the name of Kirika. Black hair, yellow brown eyes, has this funny little plush toy with her all the time."

"Seeing the future?" Kyouko seems startled. "OK, seriously, where the fuck are all these weird powers comin' from? Got you, with your 'lalala I don't need Grief Seeds', and precog, and I heard something about a timestopper from the little rat. All the fuckin' legends comin' to life, I swear."

"Yeah, that one's true too," you nod. "Akemi Homura, I'm working with her. She's... uh... rather antisocial, but she's an OK person. Legends?"

Kyouko shrugs. "You know how it goes. Everybody's heard of a friend of a friend of a friend who doesn't need Grief Seeds, and things like that, no? 's the 'kinda thing that happens. Guess that makes me one of those who know, huh?"

"I suppose," you admit. "And ah... do remember that Oriko's apparently hiring, so she might have friends."

She shrugs. "Eh. I'll deal. Anythin' else?"

"Guess not," you say. "Good luck with everything, both of you-" you smile at Yuma, and she shyly returns the smile, "-and remember, that offer for help or Gem cleansing is always open. I'm staying in Mitakihara, with the senior magical girl there, Mami."

Kyouko, just about to get up and leave, whips around to stare at you. Yuma squeaks, and shrinks in her seat. "Did you just say *Mami*?"

"Uh, yeah?" you say, feigning puzzlement.

"You- ugh," Kyouko says in frustration, palming her face and groaning. "You've got her mark all over you, all right. Figures. That bag's her's, isn't it?"

"It is," you admit, not seeing a reason to lie about it.

Kyouko stares intensely at you for a long minute, clearly struggling with herself, before finally saying, "Yeah, should've recognized it. Fuckin' hell." Kyouko grumbles. "An' with your *unique powers*," she says caustically to herself, "All the fuckin' better for her."

"Big sis..." Yuma says, leaning worriedly into Kyouko's side. "Not now, Yuma."

"Now, I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt here, because I'm actually grateful for the save and lunch and all. Let's say she *didn't* fuckin' put you up to this," Kyouko snaps at you. "But you can fuck *right* off and tell her I *ain't fuckin' interested.*"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

You may either attempt to continue the conversation, here in the restaurant or otherwise, or do a handstand or something, or head off for your next activity. It is about 1:30PM.
