# Entanglement pt. 31

You grimace. Unfortunate, but necessary; that you were working with Mami would've come out eventually. Better that it be now, or so you hope. "I... It looks like I stepped in something awkward. Um. Sorry."

Kyouko doesn't respond, simply staring you down. You shake your head unhappily, but get up to leave. "See you around, I hope," you call, as you leave the restaurant, Kyouko and Yuma still sitting there.

You step into an alley, and quickly ascend to the roof of the building, simply leaning against one of the humming air conditioners and staring up at the blue sky for a moment. That could perhaps have gone better, but in the end, there was no gentle way to break it to Kyouko that you were rooming with Mami, and bringing up their rather traumatic separation.

Finally, you straighten up again. No rest for the wicked and all that. Oriko's been trying to keep you away from Shirome, it seems, which of course makes you wonder if she's hiding anything there. That, you think, will therefore be your next stop.

You stand, and walk over to the edge of the roof, before launching yourself off towards the next one, one hand tightly clutching your slingbag so that it doesn't fly free. You vaguely wonder whether you should ask Mami to teach you how to launch and land gently so that you don't leave shattered concrete everywhere you go, and put the thought aside for now.

Roof hopping has the city go by in a blur, and you soon find yourself staring at Mitakihara, across the river. This... looks like a considerably longer distance than you can jump. You take a long, considering look at the distance, and then left and right from your vantage point, and then back at the river again.

Eh, you can try it, any way.

You jump to the highest building you can reasonably get to, and transform into your magical girl costume, in case of a dunking.

You take a look at the distance again, before shrugging and backing up. Across the river is the old industrial districts, so you should be relatively innocuous landing amongst those.

You huff out a breath, before breaking into a flat out sprint with all your might. As you reach the edge of the roof, you push off with all your might and launch yourself off like an arrow. Your longcoat billows straight out behind you flapping in the wind. You catch the edges, and try to plane yourself out like a skydiver to catch as much distance as you can.

It's quiet. Little noise, apart from the wind rushing in your ears, and the furthest edges of your coat as they flap in the wind.

You-

You're going to make it-

You slam into the backyard of what looks like an old steelworks factory feet first, crashing through a pile of rusting oil drums and grinding to halt like an impacting meteor. Your semi-impromptu lithobraking exercise kicks up an immense cloud of dust and rusting flakes, but you grin in exhilaration, adrenaline thundering through your veins. You whoop in sheer joy at having made the jump, and *not* having to make a long swim.

After a moment of imprompty celebration, you brace and leap again, and you're on your way, rapidly homing in on where you know Shirome Academy to be. You spread your senses wide, searching for any magical or Grief signatures, or even the denser shades of Grief you've learned represent higher than average potentials.

Shirome Academy is a building that looks like it was built specifically in a game of oneupmanship against Mitakihara Middle. It has a similar glass and steel construction, but one that seemingly defies the laws of physics and good sense to be excessively ornate. You can only shake your head at the ridiculousness of it all.

You don't sense anything of real note, even after circling the building to ensure that you've scanned the entire structure, and finally return to a nearby rooftop to stare balefully at the school. What *was* Oriko up to?

What *is* Oriko up to?

"*Sabrina, was jumping across the river necessary?*" a telepathic voice intrudes on your observation. "*Either way, I believe that you mentioned wishing to talk to me?*"

You turn your head, and spy Kyuubey scampering across the rooftop to reach you.

---

- [ ] Drop kick the Incubator
- [ ] Eat the Marshmallow
- [ ] FLESH OF FALLEN ANGELS
- [ ] Long throw the Incubator
- [ ] Light the Incubator on fire
- [ ] Pet the Incubator
- [ ] Punt the Incubator
- [ ] Shred the Incubator
- [ ] Sit on the Incubator
- [ ] Talk to the Incubator
  - [ ] Write-in topic

---

There's little written as doesn't have some purpose, greater or smaller.
