# Entanglement pt. 32

You shrug indifferently as the Incubator scampers up to you. "It was more efficient than walking across the bridge," you say drily. The thought of finding out what an Incubator tastes like briefly crosses your mind, but you dismiss the thought as probably a bad idea.

The Incubator makes a begging motion to be picked up, which you ignore, simply directing upon it an icy gaze. It quickly gives up, and hops on to a nearby piece of venting so as to be closer to eye level to you, and you fold your arms behind you back while tilting your head *just so* to look down upon it.

"*However, measures had to be taken to avoid the existence of magic from being revealed,*" Kyuubey notes.

"That," you say with a ghost of satisfaction, "is *your* concern, Kyuubey."

"*This is true,*" Kyuubey says. "*Very well, then. What did you wish to talk about?*"

"Hm," you mutter, pulling on your power and allowing the Grief cloud you'd been carrying with you to swirl around you, before a twist of your will compresses it into the now familiar marble of Grief. This one is substantially larger than ones you'd previously made, most likely a combination of Yuma's newness, and Kyouko's reaction to seeing Yuma contracted, as well as her own rather traumatic injuries.

"Well, first is this," you comment, levitating the little sphere of Grief, still barely larger than the tip of your index finger, into a little orbit in front of Kyuubey. The alien turns in place to follow the motion. "Have you ever seen anything like my powers before?"

"*No,*" Kyuubey replies. "*Your abilities, much like your Wish, are fully unprecedented in the history of magical girls.*"

"Huh." You rub your chin. Unheard of to both Incubator and Homura. You mentally file that away for further thought, in favour of more pressing questions. "Do you know where Oriko has been going for the past few days?"

"*She isn't beholden to inform me of her travels,*" Kyuubey says blandly.

"That is not a yes or no, Kyuubey," you observe tartly.

"*Yes, I know where Mikuni Oriko has been going,*" Kyuubey admits.

You raise an eyebrow. "And will you tell me?"

"*No. Likewise, I shall not tell her of* yours\*,\*" the Incubator informs you.

"So close-mouthed, Kyuubey? But it seems you've already been telling tales to a certain spear wielder already," you say, faux thoughtfully.

"*I would be pleased to inform you that Mikuni Oriko possesses the power of precognizance, another unprecedented ability,*" Kyuubey replies. "*However, this information does not appear to be new to you.*"

"Oh? What about Kirika, then?" you challenge.

"*Kure Kirika's Wish gave her the ability to negate directed magic within her range at will,*" Kyuubey states. "*This ability is* not *unprecendented,*" it notes helpfully.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Think a little more about Kirika's Wish. What did she *intend*?

Also, leaving it off here in case you want to try asking further on Kirika, or persist on the west side girl, or maybe something else. Also, a little more detail in the questions is appreciated. 'Ask him about our power' is rather vague.
