# Entanglement pt. 33

"And is that *all* her Wish did?" you ask. "She seems more than a little off-kilter. Her Wish?"

"*Indeed it is not,*" Kyuubey answers, tail lashing violently. "*As you appear to be well informed of, Wishes can have a direct effect in addition to granting abilities. I shall not go into detail, but her Wish did indeed affect her mental state.*"

"For the better or the worse?" you say.

"*I shall not go into detail,*" Kyuubey repeats in the same monotone.

You snort. Figures. "Fine. Tell me about the magical girl on the west side, then."

"*Masami Gaikotsu?*" Kyuubey asks, tilting its head. "*She is still active, although currently rather reclusive, and actively goes out of her way to avoid other magical girls. She's a powerful telekinetic.*"

"Huh. Telekinesis," you mutter thoughtfully. "Has Oriko approached her?"

Kyuubey tilts its head in the other direction. "*I do not give detailed information on the movements of magical girls to each other.*"

"Fine, fine," you grumble. "So, then. What did you mean by my soul being unusual?"

"*You appear to have a level of karma disproportionate to your experiences,*" Kyuubey states. "*Before you ask, I do not know what your life's experiences are. It is analogous to seeing that a road is worn and inferring that many people have passed by, but not who those people were,*" it adds helpfully, making you grimace.

You sigh. "Fine then. I don't think there's anything els- oh, wait. Here." You pop the Grief marble, still idly orbiting Kyuubey, into the air, and the little alien leaps to catch the falling marble into its back slot. By the time it's caught the marble, you're already at the edge of the roof, tensing your legs to jump for the next roof.

Next up on your list of things to do, you feel, is to try and find a payphone, so that you can call Nagisa. You'd promised to visit, after all, and so you let yourself plummet to the ground in an alley way, and walk out of it after dusting yourself off.

And so you wander around on foot, looking for a pay phone. You even try asking a few of the less busy-looking passersby, and you simply get blank stares. "Miss, I haven't seen a pay phone in... maybe five years?" one older man informs you. "I don't mean to be rude... but if you're from overseas, you could purchase a prepaid SIM card for temporary use?"

"Ah, thank you," you say, dipping your head politely to him. The future: surprisingly inconvenient, you grumble to yourself. Finally, you give it up as a bad job, and, after looking at the time, and figuring that school should be just over, you decide to go and look for Mami to borrow her handphone. "*Mami?*"

"*Sabrina!*" Mami replies brightly. "*Where are you? We're headed to the hospital right now, would you like to come along?*"
5

---

- []  Write-in

---

As always, include a bit of conversational direction and stuff, whatever you choose to do.
