# Entanglement pt. 34

Your mood, soured after talking to Kyuubey, lifts at the sound of Mami's voice. "*Sure, we'll be right there.*" You walk into an alleyway, and take to the roofs as has become habitual to you, ping-ponging from wall to wall to get up to the rooftops. You briefly wonder, in light of Kyuubey's passive aggressive complaint, how much extra work you're generating for it, but in the end, it really *isn't* your problem. The thought has you grinning as you make your run for the edge of the roof.

"*So, Mami, how was your day?*" you ask idly, enjoying the sensation of the wind ruffling your hair.

"*Oh, today was a PE day,*" she comments. "*We played volleyball!*"

"*How'd it go?*" you ask, adjusting your trajectory to avoid an air conditioning compressor on a rooftop. You land, weave around the compressor, and launch yourself into the air again without losing any momentum.

"*My team won,*" Mami says happily. "*The team I'm on always seems to do well.*" You can practically hear the glowing smile on her face.

"*Of course. Who would dare to disappoint dear Mami?*" you say teasingly.

"*I'm sure it's just luck,*" Mami replies.

"*Sure,*" you say, rolling your eyes. "*Anyway, I'm almost there. Oh! One more thing... uh, do you remember I mentioned meeting a girl who lost her parents?*"

"*Ah, yes,*" Mami says. "*You're thinking of inviting her over?*"

"*Er, yes, actually,*" you admit. "*How did you know?*"

"*You mentioned it yesterday,*" Mami replies. "*And I must admit I'm curious to see what kind of little sister Sabrina found for herself.*"

"*Er. So I suppose that's an OK, then?*" you say.

"*Of course! Though... I expect that we will be visiting at the hospital until perhaps four thirty? I invited Sayaka and Madoka over to my house, too. Hmm...*" Mami trails off, thinking over it. "*Maybe we could just invite everybody to my house?*"

"*Sounds good*," you agree easily. "*I'll be at the hospital soon.*"

As you approach the hospital on foot, you sense two magical girls. One at what you now recognize to be the lobby of the hospital, and another simply lurking on the roof of said hospital. You pulse quickens, but you decide to *check* first. "*Homura, is that you at the hospital?*"

"*Yes, it is. I am keeping an eye on Madoka,*" she says.

"*For goodness' sake, couldn't you simply join the group like a normal person?*" you grumble.

"*My presence makes them uncomfortable,*" Homura replies. "*Additionally, this higher vantage point lets me see further.*"

"*Ugh,*" you say in disgust, but you let it go for now.

Walking in to the lobby, you smile and wave at the small group there. "Hi, everyone!"

"Sabrina!" Mami calls, followed by greetings from Madoka and Sayaka.

"Oh, Sabrina! Thanks for those notes yesterday, they really helped!" Sayaka calls as you walk over and sit down. "You should become a teacher!"

"Heh," you shrug. "Well, *you* shouldn't leave your homework to the last minute."

"I know, I know, I usually don't!" Sayaka exclaims. "It's just... Kyuubey, magic, *you* suddenly showing up... One thing after another, and I just forgot, you know!"

"Eh... OK, then. So how're things going? How's your friend?" you glance at Madoka.

"She's recovering, she should be out of hospital by the end of this week," Madoka says, looking happier. "Ah... They confirmed that she's going to need the cast for a month, though."

"Hm... that's a shame," you say. "Oh, by the way, Mami, may I borrow your phone for a moment? I'd like to arrange the meeting later?"

"Oh, sure, Sabrina," Mami nods, before reaching into her pockets and pulling out a smartphone.

You take it, and walk a step away before dialing the number Momoe Shin had provided you with, and wait patiently as the phone rings.

"Hello? This is Momoe Shin, who is this?" a familiar voice sounds a few rings later.

"Uh... this is Sabrina?" you say tentatively.

"Ah, Sabrina! Nagisa was hoping you'd call," Shin's voice turns cheerful. "I- yes, Nagisa, it's Sabrin- uh, I'll pass her the phone, OK?"

There's some rustling noises, as of the phone changing hands. "Big sis!" the girl says. "Are you coming to visit?"

"Hi, Nagisa," you say. "I was just wondering about that, actually. Ask your uncle if I can invite you over later?"

"OK!" Nagisa says, and you can hear the phone changing hands, and some conversation in the background.

"You'd like to invite Nagisa over?" Shin confirms.

"Yes, if that's possible? Maybe about 5 o'clock?" you suggest.

"Hm..." you get the impression he's looking at the clock. "I'm on leave today, so I'll be able to drive her over. Where shall I send her?"

You give him Mami's addess, and say farewell to the two of them before walking back to the main group, where Mami is talking to Madoka and Sayaka.

"Thanks, Mami," you say, catching her attention and handing the phone back.

"Anyway, shall we go up?" Sayaka suggests, bouncing to her feet. "We can introduce you to Hitomi, maybe? Uh... maybe I'll go see Kyousuke first, though?"

"Kyousuke?" you lilt, drawing out the syllables and grinning at Sayaka.

She instantly flushes red. "Ah... my other friend here."

You glance at Mami, and she grins back. "Friend?" she says, with the same teasing lilt in her voice.

"I'm not talking to the two of you any more," Sayaka sniffs, putting her nose in the air.

"What's he here for, anyway?" you ask.

Sayaka stares at you with one eye before deciding that maybe you aren't teasing her. "Accident, long term hand and leg injuries."

You grimace. "Sounds unpleasant."

"Yeah... he's an amazing violinist, you know? But he can't play now\..." Sayaka trails off. "Anyway, enough chit chat, we really should be going up."

---

- [ ] Visit Hitomi
- [ ] Visit Kyousuke
- [ ] Insist that Homura join you
- [ ] Go and see if there's a nearby Witch
- [ ] With Mami, Homura, or both
- [ ] Write-in

---

No invisitext countdown. As always, include some conversation direction.
