# Entanglement pt. 38

"Hey Nagisa," you catch the younger girl's attention. Madoka and Mami are currently braiding the girl's hair while giggling. Sayaka's running around the apartment, looking for ribbons. "It's almost time for you to go," you say, pointing at the clock.

"But I don't want to," Nagisa protests.

"I promised your uncle, Nagisa," you reply. "And we've got to keep out promises. We'll invite you over another time, OK?"

Nagisa puffs out her cheeks, trying to look grumpy, but failing, and simply looking adorable. "Mnaaaaaaa," she complains wordlessly.

"Found some blue ribbons!" Sayaka calls out from one of the rooms.

"Oh, I forgot about those," Mami says. "Bring them over, and we'll finish this up..."

Nagisa's hair is quickly completed, and the five of you are soon leaving the apartment. The younger girl's hair is now done up in a whole array of long braids, each one tied up with sky blue ribbons.

Momoe Shin is waiting at the roadside, standing beside his car, as it turns out. His face breaks out in a smile when he says Nagisa, now decked out with braids and ribbons.

"Hello, girls," he says. "Did you have fun?"

"I did!" Nagisa exclaims happily. "I want to come here again."

"Ah, you must ask Sabrina here," Shin says.

"She promised!" Nagisa replies.

You shrug and smile at the man in response to his questioning look.

"Well, thank you for having my niece over," Shin says to you. "Say thank you, Nagisa!"

"Thank you, big sis!" the girl beams up at you.

"Ah, it was no problem. And you should be thanking Mami here, really," you say.

"Thank you too, Mami!" Nagisa says.

"You're welcome, Nagisa," Mami smiles back.

"Anyway, we should be going," Shin says. You nod, and you all say your goodbyes before they drive off. Nagisa waves at you out of the back window as the car pulls away, and you all wave back.

"Cute kid," Sayaka comments as you watch the car turns the corner.

"She is," you agree.

"Ah... we should be going too," Madoka comments, tugging at Sayaka's sleeve.

"Of course," Mami says. "See you tomorrow, Madoka, Sayaka."

"See you," you say. The two of them wave their goodbyes, and walk off, presumably headed for the bus stop. Above you, you can feel Homura moving to shadow Madoka.

"So," you say to Mami, and she looks inquisitively at you. "Maybe we should go on a Witch hunt tonight?" you suggest.

"Ah... I don't see why not. Perhaps we could invite Akemi along too?" Mami says carefully.

You cheer internally. Progress!

"*Homura?*" you call.

"*Yes?*"

"*Would you like to go on a hunt with Mami and I tonight?*" you suggest.

Homura doesn't reply for a moment, and you get the impression she's thinking it over. "*Let me see Madoka home, first. No more than forty-five minutes for the hunt.*"

"*Alright.*" You nod at Mami. "Homura will be here in about fifteen minutes," you inform her.

"OK," Mami says. "Shall we move back inside? It's warmer in there."

You nod in agreement. Night's fallen, and the air temperature is starting to dip. The lobby of Mami's apartment block is warmly lit and out of the wind, and the two of you wait there in a comfortable silence for the time traveller.

"*I'm here,*" Homura announces a scant few seconds before walking into the lobby, still dressed in her school uniform.

"Hello, Akemi," Mami says politely.

"Mami," Homura replies.

"So... where shall we go to hunt?" you ask. "Maybe we could go look for Familiars, or, I dunno, groups of people acting strangely?"

Mami gives you an odd look, eyebrows faintly creased in worry. "Um... Sabrina, you can sense Witches, can't you? You haven't... forgotten, have you?"

"Uh, no," you cringe internally. Well, from an external point of view, you *can* see where she's coming from, though- 'forgetting' that you could do something might very well be some brain damage acting up again or similar, giving you amnesia again. You scramble to cover. "I remember, but I do have a limited range on that. We can probably see a group before it comes into sensing range, after all."

Mami nods, mollified. "I guess that makes sense. Do you have any suggestions, Akemi?"

"The old industrial district," Homura suggests, giving you a long stare.

"I agree," Mami says. "Shall we?"

"Yeah, let's go," you affirm.

The three of you walk out of the lobby, and are soon at the roof tops. You can't help but admire Mami's elegance of motion as she leaps across the rooftops, so much smoother and gentler than your own clumsy, destructive roof hopping. The three of you soar amongst the rooftops, rapidly heading east.

A few minutes of rapidly combing through the industrial district doesn't turn up any people, save for the few working in the one or two factories still humming away.

"*There,*" you call, sensing a Barrier as you weave between the forest of old gantry cranes and rusting girders. One foot slips on the powdery dust underfoot as you veer right, but your right hand shoots out with instincts you didn't know you had, seizing on an I-beam and converting your tumble into a smooth swing that looks almost planned. Your fingers leave imprints in the steel flange as you arc into the air.

Your trajectory is timed perfectly, and you slam to a halt right in front of the barrier, sending chips of concrete flying into the air. Mami and Homura land behind you.

---

- [ ] Say something?
- [ ] Cleanse?
- [ ] Go in
  - [ ] Maxim 6. If violence wasn't your last resort, you failed to resort to enough of it. (Full assault)
  - [ ] Maxim 47. Don't expect the enemy to cooperate in the creation of your dream engagement. (Be a little more cautious)
- [ ] Write-in

---

Heh.
