# Entanglement pt. 39

"Cleanse before we go in?" you suggest, looking at Mami and Homura. Mami detaches her Soul Gem and holds it out for you with a smile, whereas Homura simply displays her hand.

You pull on the wisps of Grief clouding their Soul Gem, and add the Grief from your own to the billowing cloud that forms in front of you. Homura simply nods in acknowledgement, while Mami spends a moment to reattach the Soul Gem to her brooch and fuss with her hair.

Without anything else to do, the three of you step into the Barrier. You squelch your instinctive revulsion at being surrounded by Grief, and look around.

Or you try to, anyway.

All that meets your eyes is pitch darkness.

You can't even see yourself, not even a hand raised in front of your face.

"Sabrina?" Mami's slightly panicked voice floats out of the darkness.

"I'm here," you reply, with a calmness you don't quite feel. "Homura?"

"Here. I'm going to try making some light," the time traveller replies.

"Please do," Mami says, a slight edge to her voice.

You hear a clicking noise on your right, followed by a hissing noise, and red light that illuminates the three of you, but doesn't penetrate far into the darkness. Homura's holding up what looks like an emergency flare, the harsh light bathing the three of you in hues of crimson and casting Homura's grimly set face in stark relief.

Mami's face is almost tearful, and clears in relief as the light floods over her. "Oh, thank goodness, Akemi," she says.
It was like I was *alone*.
You see a portion of the Barrier *twitch*, as if its texture changed slightly. Your head snaps up, staring at that portion. "Something's ther-"

You're only halfway through your warning when the darkness billows and a ribbon congeals out of the darkness, lancing directly at the flare Homura's holding. Homura, who is suddenly three steps to the right, a sudden gunshot sounding and a pistol -a Desert Eagle? Where even in Japan?- in her left hand.

The muzzle flare flashes out, and the bullet severs the ribbon of darkness, which dissipates into so much vapour. "Attracted to the light," Homura snaps, smoothly sidestepping. This time, you've gotten your bearings, and a blade, flash-formed out of Grief, meets the ribbon. The sharp crack of Mami's musket firing has another ribbon wisping away into vapour.

"How annoying," Mami says primly, lowering her shouldered musket. "Akemi, do you have a large supply of flares?"

"Yes," Homura replies, as you slice through another bevy on tendrils homing in on the light. Both Homura and Mami are firing rapidly to keep the ribbons, which are striking at an increasingly fast tempo, at bay.

"Then we shall defend you," Mami says firmly. You can see Homura's eyebrows contract, and her mouth half-opens as if she's about to protest, most likely that she can handle herself, but she shuts her mouth, and simply nods. "Lead the way, Akemi," Mami says with a smile.

Flare in her right hand, and pistol in her left, Homura walks into the darkness. The pistol cracks out measured shots, each one severing any of the ribbons that slip too close to her. You and Mami circle her, you with both hand orchestrating the dance of your Grief blades cleaving through the tentacles.

Shots and golden ribbons lance out from Mami, her ribbons unerringly seeking out their shadowed counterparts and wrapping, *smothering* the shadowy ribbons. The flare in Homura's hand sputters once, but it's suddenly arcing away into the darkness, and a fresh one burning in Homura's hand. You follow the flight of the flare with your eyes, and observe that it's suddenly shredded into slivers by a convergence of the dark tendrils, its light smothered and extinguished.

A mass of golden ribbons crosses your line of sight, homing in on a mass of their umbral counterparts. "Tsk. Remember what I said about paying attention, Sabrina!" Mami calls cheerfully. You grin back and her, and send your blades of Grief dancing through another converging mass of tendrils. Behind you, the tempo of gun fire from Homura changes, and you glance back to see that the pistol's gone, replaced with a submachine gun you can't quite make out.

"I don't think it's much further," you comment; you can *feel* the looming presence that is the Witch.

"It's not," Homura agrees, and she blurs in place with a clicking of her shield. The flare, this one only half-burned, arcs into the air, followed by another two fresh ones. Another one is blazing in her hand.

Before the flares are shredded by the solidified shadows, they briefly illuminate the corpulent, abdominous form of what you recognize to be the Witch. It's a huge, squatting bulk, with a tiny head bearing two beady eyes that blink open under the harsh illumination of the flares. Six pudgy arms swathed in flaking, unhealthy looking skin depend from body and drag on the floor, spaced equally around the almost gelatinous mass.

As the soaring flares are destroyed and their light winks out, the Witch blinks down at the three of you.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

I swear I get more verbose when it comes to Witches.
