# Entanglement pt. 40

"Homura, could you keep it lit?" you hiss, body tense and ready to leap aside the moment the Witch moves for you. "Mami, the eyes first?"

"Acknowledged," Homura says. Mami nods, conjuring muskets from her hat and grimly hefting one.

The Witch finally reacts, letting out a belching, grumbling noise that you feel in your bones more than you hear with your ears. As if that's a signal, Homura is suddenly no longer at your side, flares, some brilliantly magnesium white and blue, careening on haphazard paths through the air. Dim flashes of purple light show her manuveuring through the air, and the rapid cracking of her submachine guns heralds a storm of bullets that sever the shadowy tendrils reaching for the flares. Not all of them die soon enough, though and some of the flares are destroyed, to be quickly replaced by others.

Under the stark illumination, you wave both hands like a conductor at a particularly energetic orchestra, directing the paltry amount of Grief under your control to slice through the tendrils that reach for the three of you. Even with the small amount, however, you have enough for a round dozen of solidified shards of Grief that dance nimbly about the battlefield to deadly effect.

Pinpoint precise shots from Mami punch through the beady eyes on the Witch, which lets out a burbling scream in response. The Witch's arms come up in a rippling motion, the gelatinous mass that is its body wobbling, and it smashes all the arms down against the floor, heaving itself up. It swarms towards Mami on six arms, moving arm over arm like a hideously deformed starfish in unnatural fast forward, a motion that's subtly *wrong* to the eye.

From where you are, you can see Mami smile before diving out of the way, a mass of ribbons emerging from her previous position. They only manage to snare one of the Witch's arms, but the Witch screeches in displeasure, planting its other five arms and trying to tear itself free.

"*Cover your eyes,*" Homura barks telepathically. You duck your head behind your arms, having an inkling of what Homura's going to do.

Sure enough, a heartbeat later, the entire Barrier flashes brilliant white and a sound louder than thunder, bright enough to that you can see red even with your eyes behind your arms. Flash-bangs. The Witch screams in pain, and, lowering your arm, you can see that its skin is scorched under the intense illumination. It heaves hard at the arm that's been bound, and with a sickening squelch, rips itself free, leaving a hand behind.

The stump, oozing darkness, is swung at Homura, who is no longer there, and instead, it meets another explosion that shreds what is left of that arm. More flares are arcing through the air, courtesy of Homura. Another burbling scream.

"*I'm going for it!*" you warn. Mami whirls at that, but your hand is already upraised, clenching into a fist. You bear down with your *will*, and tear away some of the Grief that animates the Witch.

Its head puffs away in a cloud of vapour, and the Grief, now under your control, swings away in a long arc. You twirl on the spot in a motion reminiscent of Mami's pirouetting, guiding the Grief in an accelerating orbit that has it slamming back into the Witch as a sandstorm of razor-sharp shards that flay ugly, gaping holes clear through its midnight black flesh.

The Witch remains standing for a long moment, motionless, before toppling slowly. It's gone before it hits the floor, and a Grief Seed hits the floor. The Barrier ripples, inky darkness beginning to dissipate.

---

- [ ] Hang on to the Grief
- [ ] Hoover up even more Grief!
- [ ] Let it go\~
- [ ] Cleansing
- [ ] Head home with Mami
- [ ] Ask Homura for that talk
- [ ] Here, there, elsewhere, timestop
- [ ] Write-in

---

Suleika, the Witch of Darkness. Her nature is delusion. Her power grows as the darkness deepens. In total darkness she can scarcely be matched. Her Familiars attempt to drag intruders into the concealing dark where all secrets lie silent.
