# Entanglement pt. 43

Mami's not crying. Not yet, perhaps. She's simply sitting, with her face in her hands, and shoulders slumped. She looks... defeated, for lack of a better word, completely at a loss for what she could do.

"A-another one?" you blurt.

Mami looks up at you, eyes empty. "Kyouko used to be my student... my friend. S-Sabrina, I, I, being a magical girl is so *lonely*. I- I'm not the cool senior m- magical girl, and-" she's crying now, slow tears sliding silently down her face. "Sabrina, I- I can't lose another friend."

She's worried about losing you, too. And all things considered, while things turned out well for you today, they *could* have gone much worse.

"Mami..." you reach for one of her hands, grasping it with both of yours. She lets you, hand hanging limp in yours. "Mami, I'm so sorry. I wasn't thinking..."

"Y- you weren't thinking," Mami echoes hollowly, slow tears beginning to make tracks down her face. "B-but you still- you can talk down *Akemi*. And Kyouko. And save people, better than I ever c-could. A-and your magic. Y-y-you don't need broken old Mami any more. You never did..."

You drag Mami into a hug, throwing both arms around her. Her hands hang limply by her side, and you can feel your shoulder slowly dampening as she continues to cry. "Mami, you're *not* going to lose me," you say. "You are a good person, and an amazing friend. I don't think many people who would just let a total stranger stay with them just out of the goodness of their heart."

You tighten your hug around the blonde. "I'm not going anywhere, Mami."

Her quiet weeping turns into great, wailing sobs, but she throws her arms around you and clings on tightly, like a life preserver in a storm. And in a way, that *is* what you are to her; her chance at changing the empty loneliness of her existence.

---

- [ ] Say something else
- [ ] Write-in what
- [ ] Go meet Homura
- [ ] Tell Homura you can't make it
- [ ] Go to sleep

---

Unlike just about everyone *else*, Sabrina is Mami's *equal*. And therein lies the root of Mami's reaction.

Indicate what you'd like to do next, too, whether it be to go find Homura or stay here, or spontaneously catch fire, or something.
