# Entanglement pt. 44

Mami's crying doesn't abate, and you let her cling to you. "Mami, you are *not* broken," you breathe into her ear. "You have done so much more than I have to help people. How *many* lives have you saved? Directly, and indirectly? Every Witch, every Familiar you've killed..."

You shake your head slightly, against her shoulder. "Why, why would I ever want to leave you? You are a wonderful person, Tomoe Mami, and you've done so much. Not just for me. I'd never leave a friend as wonderful as you."

Mami's wailing sobs quiet, and eventually, she whispers, barely audible, "Thank you, Sabrina. Thank you, *so* much."

You continue holding her, and let her cry herself out, years of loneliness and pain slowly giving way. You don't think she's fully OK, but... she will be.

Eventually, Mami's tears dry up, and she separates from you with a watery smile. "Thank you, Sabrina."

"For nothing, Mami," you reply. "I said nothing that wasn't true."

Mami hiccups, and dips her head to you in what is almost a bow. "I- I should clean myself. I must look terrible," she says, and gets up to head to the washroom. She pauses at the door to look back at you, and you smile reassuringly at her, patting the sofa. You're not going anywhere.

"*Homura,*" you saya telepathically.

"*Meet at the school,*" the time traveller replies. "*I'll show you where Madoka's house is.*"

"*No. not tonight, Homura. Mami... needs someone with her right now,*" you say. "*We'll meet tomorrow at lunch or so?*"

"*What is it?*"

You frown a little at the sheer, callous brusqueness of that response. Not that it's an unreasonable deduction, you have to admit. "*There are things we shouldn't talk about over telepathy, Homura.*"

"*... yes,*" Homura agrees, at length. "*Lunch, then.*"

You lean back on the sofa, and stare up at the ceiling. What a day. *What* a *day*. Kirika, Kyouko and Yuma, Mami.

The door to the washroom opens after a while, and you turn to look. Mami has cleaned her face, her eyes now longer as red and puffy as they had been. Her hair has been freed from its drills, lying limp. "A-ah, Sabrina...?"

"Hm?" you raise an eyebrow at Mami.

"I-is it OK if I sleep in your room tonight?" the blonde asks tentatively. "N-not on the same bed or anything, I have a spare mattress..." she adds hastily. "I... just don't want to be alone."

You shake your head with a smile. "You don't have to ask, Mami."

Eventually, the two of you are ready to go to sleep. You can't help but feel that setting up in what is technically the guest room makes things a little cramped, but there's just about enough room to slide the extra mattress in between the bed and the closet. You try to get Mami to take the bed, but she refuses.

"Good night, Mami," you say.

"Good night, Sabrina," Mami says. With the lights out, the silvery moonlight streaming in through the window shines off her smile.

\=====​

"*Help! Mami! Sabrina!* Anyone!"

You're jolted awake in the middle of the night by a telepathic scream, and bolt upright. It's Sayaka, and it's also about 2AM.

On the floor, Mami's also sitting upright, and staring at you with wide eyes. "Did you-"

"Sayaka. Yes."

"*What's happening?*" a scared, tremulous voice - Madoka.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Thus ends chapter two: Entanglement.
A butterfly flaps its wings...
The next post shall be chapter three: Direct Intervention.
