# Direct Intervention pt. 1

"*Where are you?*" you snap, bouncing out of your bed and transforming. Mami's a heartbeat behind you, golden radiance filling the room.

"*My house! I-it's on fire!*"

What?

*What?*

Oriko *wouldn't*.

She *would*, wouldn't she.

Mami's already throwing open the window, and you move behind her as she swings outside. "*Sayaka, we're on our way!*" Mami calls as she bounds up to the roof. A moment later, golden ribbons drop down for you.

"*Homura!*" you bark, one hand looping through the ribbons. Your other hand slams the window shut behind you even as the ribbons shorten, hauling you up to the roof to stand beside Mami.

"*I heard. I'm watching Madoka right now,*" Homura replies. Her mental voice is calm and unhurried, but there's nevertheless an undercurrent of worry that she doesn't quite manage to hide.

"*Right. I think you'd better stay there,*" you reply, before switching mental channels to Mami and Madoka. Mami's already leaping towards the next roof, and you're hard on her tail. "*Madoka, don't worry. Mami and I are on the way to help Sayaka.*"

"*Please hurry!*" Madoka says urgently. You get the impression that she's sitting at her bed wringing her hands.

"*Of course, Madoka,*" Mami replies, landing darting around a vent on the rooftop with practiced ease.

"*Sayaka, still there?*" you say.

"*I- there's sirens,*" she replies. You can hear the sirens of the firetrucks too, rapidly dopplering as you and Mami push yourselves as hard as you can move.

"*We'll be there soon, OK? Stay close to the floor to avoid the smoke,*" you soothe. In the midst of a roll after your landing, you pull out one of the marbles of Grief you've been collecting, and it puffs away into a roiling cloud of Grief which you pull behind you. No sense not going in loaded for bear.

"*Ok. Ok.*" You can tell Sayaka's struggling to stay calm.

You arrive before the firetrucks do, though not by much- they're maybe a minute or two behind you. From your landing point in the middle of the street, you can Sayaka's apartment blazing, fire gouting out of the windows. It doesn't look it's it's spread all that far yet, though the fire is, in your judgement, burning unnaturally fast- it shouldn't have reached this level of inferno without spreading further.

There's a magical presence on top of a nearby building, and your head swivels to look up. Mami follows your gaze.

You recognize the rather distinctive figure, lit as it is by the fire. A long, flowing white dress, topped by a peculiarly shaped hat.

Oriko nods regally down at the two of you, pivots, and calmly walks away.

---

- [ ] Go after Oriko
- [ ] Sayaka needs help, get in there
- [ ] Split up
- [ ] Write-in

---

... except, this time, it looks like some bastard shelled the entire forest.
*Whoops!*
