# Direct Intervention pt. 2

Mami stares at the departing figure, then looks at you. "Was that-"

"Oriko. Yes," you growl.

"I see," Mami says, voice icy cold. "Sayaka needs our help, first."

"Yes," you agree, as the first fire truck pulls up at the street, firemen piling out, shouting at each other. They hurry to connect up the hoses to the fire hydrants, setting up to put out the fire.

You and Mami sprint at the flaming building, amidst some shouts of alarm from the few firefighters that notice the two of you. The cloud of Grief billows around you, and a tangle of ribbons springs into existence around Mami. "*Sayaka! Firefighters are here, and we're coming in!*"

"*P-please hurry!*" Sayaka shouts.

The two of you sprint up the stairs to Sayaka's third story apartment. The banisters are warm as you pull on them to help you change direction, leaving finger imprints as you do. When you reach the third floor, you're confronted by a virtual wall of flame and black smoke gouting through the remains of the door.

"Sabrina-" Mami begins, a worried frown on her face.

"I've got this one, I think," you say, smoothly stepping around Mami. One hand rises in front of you to direct the mass of Grief, and it surges ahead in a billowing cloud to engulf the licking flames. Roiling darkness meets the hungry flames, and snuffs it out without fuss.

You storm forward in the wake of the cloud, Mami hot on your heels. The floor is hot enough that you can feel it through your boots, and you're barely able to keep a small path clear of flame with your Grief. Mami's ribbons lash, serpentine, helping to smother and toss aside flaming pieces of debris in your path as you push through the inferno heated air. "Sayaka!" she shouts, voice ringing clarion-like over the roar of the flames. "Where are you?"

"H-here!" Sayaka's response is barely audible, and interrupted by coughing. It's enough, though, that you can figure out which room is hers.

You feel Mami releasing a pulse of magic behind you, blasting back the acrid clouds of smoke in the air. Now that you notice the smoke, though, you realize that you *should* have been coughing just as hard, if not harder than Sayaka had... but aren't. In any case, with the smoke clear, you can see the closed door clearly. "Mami?"

"Got it," she snaps, ribbons lashing out and sliding between the door and the wall. The blonde braces herself, and then hauls on the ribbons, tearing the door off its hinges while you focus on keeping the flames back.

The room beyond is untouched by the fire, but smoke pools against the ceiling, and you can see Sayaka huddled on the floor beside her bed, blanket dragged around her face. She lifts her face to look at the two of you through reddened and tear-laden eyes.

"M-Mam-" her grateful cry is interrupted by a hacking, phlegmy coughing fit. Crap. Smoke inhalation.

"We need to get her out of here," you say, hurrying over to the bluenette. Mami nods, eyes anxious. "Sayaka, is there anyone else in the house?"

"My pare-" she begins, but promptly starts hacking again. "N-next room."

"Easy, Sayaka," you say. "Can you wal- no, best not. Stay down for a moment."

The fire's getting more intense, and at this point, you're hard pressed to keep it away from this room with the small amount of Grief you have at hand, a thin layer of Grief pushing back against the hungry flames. "Mami, through the wall?" you suggest.

"OK," the blonde says. She considers the wall for a moment, before manifesting a large mass of ribbons. She gestures grandly with both hands, and the ribbons lance out, outlining a roughly person-sized area with regular perforations clear through the wall. You gently pull Sayaka behind you, shielding her body with your own. Mami, in an echo of her earlier motion, braces herself and hauls.

The wall explodes outwards in a spray of crumbling mortar and cheap brick. On the other side of the newly formed hole, you can see another bedroom, this one with a larger bed, and an older couple huddled together in the corner furthest from the door. Like Sayaka's room up until a moment ago, the door is firmly shut, and not yet burned through.

The man looks up. "Who- wha-"

"We're here to help," Mami says, ducking slightly and stepping through the hole in the wall. "Mr. and Mrs. Miki? Can you walk?"

"I- ye-" he coughs slightly, but nowhere as badly as Sayaka is, "My wife-"

Sayaka's mother is unconscious, you can guess that much from the way her head is lolling about. Mami takes that in stride though. "That's OK." Golden ribbons spring into existence, bearing the older woman upon a stretcher. Mami moves over to Sayaka's father, offering a supporting hand. "Sir, this way?"

Despite the gravity of the solution -fire pressing hard against your thin barrier\[1]​ of Grief, Sayaka and her parents in poor condition- you can't help admire Mami's unflappable demeanour. It works, too, Sayaka's father staggers to his feet, one of his arms pulled over Mami's shoulder. Despite the height difference, she still manages to support most of his weight.

"OK, stay calm, Sayaka," you mutter to the girl, before kneeling and picking her up in a fireman's carry. You nod at Mami, and the two of you push towards the living room, which is still blazing away.

Water pours in through the window in a torrential spray, dousing some of the flames- fire department, then. The edge of the spray catches you in the side with enough force to send you staggering to the side, and you swear violently. Thankfully, Sayaka hasn't been hit, and you managed to maintain your Grief cloud, pressing back against the inferno.

"Sabrina!" Mami calls in alarm, still supporting Sayaka's father.

"I'm good," you grunt, forging doggedly forward. The stairwell, with its promise of safety from the fire, isn't far away now.

The five you you quickly reach the stairwell, and you bundle the Mikis down to the first floor quickly. When you reach the first floor, you're surrounded by people- paramedics, and firefighters, all shouting and trying to get the five of you to the ambulances. Behind them, you can see a team of search and rescue firefighters, all geared up and ready to rush into the blazing building.

---

- [ ] Go with the paramedics
- [ ] Run away!
  - [ ] Leave the Mikis with the paramedics
- [ ] Write-in

---

- [1]​ Small 'b' barrier, not '*B*arrier'.
