# Direct Intervention pt. 4

"Yeah," you mutter. "Yeah, she does. I don't think she expected Oriko to do anything... *quite* like this, either."

"If she did, and didn't say anything..." Mami trails off. "But no. If she knows anything about this Oriko, then we need to talk to her."

"Mami, wait." You grab her arm as she shifts her weight to stand. "Oriko... From what I can tell, she likes making these big, elaborate plans. She *wanted* us to see her. She probably *meant* to make us angry- and I'm afraid going after her here and now is going to play right into her hands."

"We're not going after her right now," Mami states, shrugging off your arm and rising to her feet. She offers you her hand. "But if Homura knows about her? Then I want to know what she knows. Because this was *not acceptable*." Her expression is hard, and you can't help but remember that however pleasant she usually is, Mami *is* a veteran magical girl, who's presumably been in her share of territorial conflicts.

"I'm right with you, Mami," you say, grabbing her proffered hand with a smack of palm meeting palm, and letting her pull you to your feet. "This was utterly inexcusable, and we are *not* going to let this happen again. Homura will be happy to help, I suspect."

Mami nods firmly, jaw firmly set. "If Oriko is as formidable as Homura seems to think she is, then we're going to need all the help we can get." Her lips compress. "We might want to bring in Masami. And Kyouko... maybe."

You hum noncommitally. "Maybe. We *need* to be careful about this."

"*Homura. Where are you right now?*" Mami calls telepathically.

"*I am watching over Madoka,*" Homura responds.

"*Good. We'll be there soon,*" Mami replies. "Come on, Sabrina."

---

- [ ] Go with Mami
- [ ] Do something else
  - [ ] Write-in
- [ ] Write-in conversational topics

---

If you choose to do something else, then write-in what you want to tell Mami. If you choose to go with Mami, then write-in conversation along the way, as well as anything that you personally to tell Homura.
