# Direct Intervention pt. 7

Thoughts explode into your head as you hear Mami and Homura discuss assassinating Oriko from inside the time loop. How upset must Mami *be* to even contemplate that? You contemplate possible interactions of Kirika's and Homura's powers, as well as whether you should try to dissuade them.

Homura hesitates for a moment before nodding. "I can."

You inject a question at this point. "Homura, Kirika's power is to cancel out active magic. Do you think she might cancel your timestop?"

The timetraveller frowns, and considers it for a moment. "It's possible, yes."

"Then out first task should be to find her first, and, uh, neutralize her, or at least make sure she's not in a position to interfere?" you suggest. "I can still sense things while timestopped, so that should work."

Mami nods. "That sounds workable, though finding her is the biggest problem. Homura, how long can your timestop last?"

"Indefinitely, if I can cleanse my Soul Gem," Homura says, inclining her head to you. "It won't be a problem."

"Mmm," you agree with a nod. "One, uh, two more things. Firstly, Oriko is a precognizant... if she doesn't already have countermeasures against us, then she certainly *will* the moment you release the timestop. The other thing... well, again, she said she was hiring. Who? Maybe another magical girl?"

Mami looks away. "I hope she's not in the area. Oriko... Oriko needs to pay, but someone who was just hired for a job..."

"It shouldn't come to that," you comment. "Timestop, no?"

"I hope so," Mami admits, before turning back to Homura. "Homura, your timestop works by touch range. Do you think my ribbons will suffice?"

Homura nods.

"Then may I suggest we bind ourselves together using the ribbons so that we can spread out and search a larger area?" Mami asks.

"That should work," Homura agrees.

"I can't help but feel that a seer will be better at hiding than three of us can search, though, even with Homura's timestop," you comment.

Homura nods slowly. "I tried to find her yesterday, as well."

"We *can* cover a much larger area now, though, and Sabrina can sense magic in a very large radius," Mami points out. "And I am *not* letting her go without at least trying to find her."

Homura's eyes are slightly widen. You wonder how many times she's ever *seen* Mami this angry before. It can't have occurred all that often. She eventually nods again. "I suggest that we start at where you last saw her, then search towards her house. Failing that, we can check the old industrial area."

**\[] Write-in
\- \[] Suggestions for where else to search
\- \[] Anything else to say?
\[] Split your lungs with blood and thunder/When you see the white magical girl (Start hunting)**

\=====​

Whoops. Wound up coding instead of writing an update.
