# Direct Intervention pt. 8

"OK, then. Nothing for it, I guess?" you say, letting out a breath.

"The sooner we get started, the sooner we find Oriko," Mami says. She holds up the hand not gripping yours, and golden ribbon begins spooling out from between her fingers. The ribbons wind sinuously around your waist, and then snakes over to Homura, who watches the ribbon slightly dubiously. Nevertheless, she lets it wrap around her waist without complaint.

"The ribbon should lengthen as needed," Mami comments.

"Well. A cleanse before we go, then?" you suggest, letting go of the twig that had previously been bridging you and Homura, as well as Mami's hand. You shake out your hands; gripping things for so long has left them a tad sore.

Homura nods, and offers her Soul Gem, as does Mami. You draw off the corruption clouding their Gems -there's a fair amount on *both* their Gems-, and you pull it into the familiar little spheres of your Grief marbles for safekeeping. These join the others in your pocket, making for a total of twelve, and causing a somewhat unsightly bulge in said pocket. On an off thought, you pat your right pocket, ensuring that the Grief Seed is still there.

"Let's go, then," Mami says, starting in the direction of Sayaka's house. As promised, the ribbon stretches out behind her, seeming to have a life of its own as it avoids getting snagged on the various obstacles.

"Be careful, everyone," you breathe as you pick up the pace, Homura alongside you.

"Of course, Sabrina," Mami replies, turning to half smile at you.

The three of you move in near silence, ghosting over the timestopped city at a hundred meter spread. You quickly arrive at Sayaka's house, still blazing with stilled flames. Torrents of water, frozen in mid air, gout from the parked fire engines, and there are fire fighters rushing out of the building. One of them, halted midstep, is carrying someone in the traditional fireman's carry. You feel a slight pang- in your rush to save the Mikis, you hadn't considered other people in the building.

"One more thing for Oriko to pay for," Mami observes grimly from behind you. You hadn't even heard her walking up to you.

You shake off the thoughts. "Oriko was up there, wasn't she?" You point at a red-bricked building, and Mami nods, before silently taking a long hop to reach it. Homura follows, as do you.

The time traveller walks off to the edge of the building, peering around to get her bearings, and Mami trails a step behind.

... Mami's hands are shaking, just a little. With rage, or with uneasiness as the fact that she *is* planning cold blooded murder settles in, you don't know. You probably wouldn't have noticed, were you not currently hyper alert for any unexpected traps, impossibly functioning within the timestop.

You grimace, and look away, gaze falling to the ground.

There's a piece of paper with text on it lying on the ground, near the edge of the building. You raise an eyebrow at it, and glance at the others. They don't seem to have noticed it.

It's almost certainly a note from Oriko.

---

- [ ] Call the others over
- [ ] Pick up and read the note
- [ ] Ignore the note, proceed with hunt
- [ ] Write-in

---

... you know, I actually *don't* have anything to say in my usual note here. Oh well.
