# Direct Intervention pt. 11

You awkwardly hug Mami back, while out of the corner of your eye, you see Homura stalking off around a corner, dodging one of your Grief marbles as she goes. "I kinda cheated with magic to dull the pain," you admit. "And... you and Homura were right there, so it was OK..."

"Oh, Sabrina." You can feel her shaking her head against your shoulder. "You- you..." Mami breaks off, lost for words.

"I'm sorry for making you worry again," you offer weakly.

"You're sor- for making *me* worry. You weren't even- you're not even worried about your leg, are you?" Mami says with a choked laugh. "*You*, Sabrina... you are something amazing." She gives you one last squeeze before releasing you, and favouring you with a half-smile.

"I... uh," you say, slightly puzzled. "Thank you, Mami? And thank you for the healing, too," you half bow in her direction. Raising your voice, you add, "You too, Homura. Thank you for the healing."

Homura walks back around the corner of the silent air conditioning compressor. "You're welcome."

You take a step back, and look down at your shredded pant leg. You could retransform, and the costume would be fine again, or... you concentrate, twisting your magic *just so*, and a fine white glow suffuses you. The costume mends itself, weaving itself across your leg as though from some otherworldly bolt of cloth. Even the tiny rips and tears here and there mend themselves, threads snaking together.

Mami gives you an approving nod and smile, while Homura simply looks on impassively. You glance around, and look at the tremendous ring of tiny spheres of grief orbiting you slowly. "Oh wow\..." you say, slightly shocked. You *knew* you'd cleansed off a lot of Grief, but actually *seeing* the sheer amount puts a different complexion on it.

"I... guess I need to do something about that," you say to no one in particular. "Bit unwieldy." You reshape the enormous ring, dividing up the marbles into seven groups of fifteen marbles each, and move each group to sit at the points of half an icosahedron, centered on you. Each of the small groups of marbles form a small ring of fourteen orbiting the remaining one of their number.

With the marbles spaced out like that, you reason, it should be relatively out of the way. Less chance of them running into things as you roof hop, though you resolve that you'll probably need to get that sling bag from Mami if you plan on keeping this many marbles around. It's fine in the timestop, with no one to see, but you'll look decidedly odd to non magical girls.

"It's sort of pretty," Mami observes, looking at the geometric patterns you formed from the Grief marbles, but the smile fades from her face.

You shrug. "It seemed like the thing to do. This will keep the Grief out of the way, at least?"

"It's a good thing you can remove corruption," Mami says quietly. "There's... probably more than I can afford, here." It seems that the sheer *magnitude* of what it had taken to heal you is beginning to sink in for her. She continues in a slightly more formal tone. "And thank you, Homura, for insisting that I cleanse my Soul Gem. Losing my magic at this juncture would have been unfortunate."

Homura nods. "Not a problem," she says, eyes flickering to yours for a moment. You can tell what she's probably thinking- about Mami, and her reaction to the unpleasant reveals on the nature of magical girls.

"Anyway," you say, catching Mami's attention. "Shall we continue on? Oriko's still out there, somewhere."

"I suppose so," the blonde replies. "Do you need a minute to rest first, Sabrina?"

"No, I'm fine," you demur. "How about *you*? And Homura?"

"Not necessary," Homura says.

Mami shakes her head, blonde curls flapping. "I'm fine, too. Where shall we go, first?"

"I suggest checking towards Oriko's house," Homura replies.

**\[] Agree
\[] Disagree
-\[] Write-in where else?**

\=====​

Geometry!
