# Direct Intervention pt. 12

"Sounds good to me," you affirm. "Which way, then, Homura?"

"There," the timetraveller replies, pointing off into the distance. You nod, and let her take point, hopping off in that direction. You and Mami follow at a distance, spreading out to form the points of a large V connected by golden ribbons.

Pushing your senses out as far as they can go, you scan thoroughly for magic as the three of you proceed slowly. You even descend to the streets a few times to ensure that Oriko isn't travelling along at ground level to hide from you, weaving in between the few frozen cars and eerily still pedestrians on the street.

Even with the three of you searching at a hundred meter spread, there's a considerable amount of area to cover, and it's a quiet two hour trip, with only the occasional murmur to break the monotony before you approach Oriko's house. It's located in one of the more well-off parts of the town, as you'd expect, and much like the Kaname residence, this area is surrounded, perplexingly, by swathes of open land and greenery. Oriko's house is an *enormous* two story building, virtually a mansion in and of itself.

Looking down at it from atop a nearby building, you decide to circle it before going in, and you hop down to the street while Homura prowls about on the rooftops, examining the area with a keen eye. Mami joins you down on the streets, trailing you as you hop over and around the sparse people and cars. Brief colour blooms as you swing around a lamppost with one arm, momentarily bringing it into the timestop with you.

"What's wrong, Mami?" you ask, after a few minutes of Mami trailing you silently. You come to a halt, and half turn to look at her.

Mami blinks unhappily, and opens her mouth, before slowly closing it again. Eventually, she begins, "Oriko... is not the first magical girl I've had to fight for territory."

You think you can hear a 'but', hanging in the air.

"She's the first to have gone after your friends like this?" you fill in the blanks for her.

"Yes, she is," Mami says, looking away. "I don't *understand*. Why would she *do* that? She- I- I want her to *pay,* Sabrina. But I- I- why would she *do* that? Set fire to Sayaka's house, and then set a trap for you like that?"

---

- [ ] Write-in response
- [ ] Specifics for checking Oriko's house

---

Do you want to comb the house room by room, just scan it from the outside, that kind of thing?
