# Direct Intervention pt. 14

"Maybe... Kirika's house?" you suggest, a little hesitantly after debating whether to bring up Shirome Academy. "She could have moved there."

Homura nods in agreement. "Possible," she allows.

Mami's frowning in thought. "Ah... Can I check something else before we go?" she asks, pressing her hands together and separating them with a length of ribbons spooling out as if from some unseen reel. She looks inquisitively at you and Homura.

You shrug. "Sure. What is it?"

"Oriko's wardrobe," Mami says, walking towards the stairs to the second floor. "If Oriko's not staying here any more, then her clothes..."

"Will presumably be gone," you finish, understanding dawning. "Good idea, Mami."

She beams back at you as she ascends the stairs. While you wait for her to return, you glance at Homura. She meets your gaze, and tilts her head infinitesimally to the side, eyes deliberately sliding to the side to indicate the stairwell, then back to you. An eyebrow raises fractionally.

... Is she asking about Mami and you?

You raise one eyebrow quizzically, and shrug.

Homura frowns slightly, and with small, minimal movements, taps her Soul Gem with her other hand, before tapping herself on the chest over her heart, before raising that eyebrow again.

You shrug helplessly, face drawn into an uncomprehending grimace.

The timetraveller makes a small 'tch' sound of irritation, but rocks her hand left and right. *Later.*

You nod, and at this point, Mami comes down the stairs. "Shall we move outside before I try the wardrobe?" she suggests.

"Yeah, probably a good idea," you agree.

"A wardrobe is just as viable a place to hide a bomb," Homura adds.

Mami gives the time traveller an odd look, but lets it pass without comment. The three of you troop outside and hunker down again, while Mami uses the ribbon she left behind to open the wardrobe again. After a good deal of nothing happening, you return to the house to examine the wardrobe.

It's pretty empty. Again, not *wholly* conclusive, but it certainly suggests that Oriko has moved elsewhere, and you say as much to the others.

You sigh. "Well. I think that's everything that might be of interest here," you say. "Shall we move on? Kirika's house?"

"Yes, let's go," Mami agrees. "Homura, do you know the way?"

The time traveller nods. "Not that far," she says, leading the way out.

It doesn't take you long to reach Kirika's place. As it turns out, she lives in an apartment block, much like Sayaka does. Did. A first floor apartment, which you scan from a distance with your senses, and find nothing. Since it's a first floor apartment, the three of you take a little extra time to peer in through the windows.

Again, nothing seems out of the ordinary, just an apartment for a family of three, of whom two are not currently in bed. The room you're guessing is Kirika's, with a single bed and a few plush toys arrayed on a writing desk, is empty. The bed doesn't look slept in, either. Of Kirika's parents, or so you presume, her father is sleeping, but her mother is... it appears that she had been pacing, in the living room, when the timestop caught her. Her eyes are turned anxiously towards the clock, frozen at 2:47AM.

Mami looks uneasily at you, and you shrug back, looking just as unhappy. Or so you imagine, anyway. Homura remains impassive.

"I... guess Kirika's not here either?" Mami says. Her voice is hushed, even if there's no need for it.

"And hasn't been home for at least the night, either," you add, jabbing a thumb at the pacing Mrs. Kure. You sigh.

"Where should we go to next?" Mami asks.

Surprisingly, Homura answers before you do. "The hospital."

Your eyebrows shoot up in surprise, and you incline your head at her. "I was just about to suggest that, too. I mean, if Oriko sent Sayaka and Hitomi there... Well, I assume Sayaka's being sent there. That *was* a Mitakihara General ambulance, wasn't it?"

Mami nods. "It was. Good thinking, Homura." The blonde turns to leap off towards the roof top, but Homura speaking stops her.

"Wait," the time traveller says, before adding, belatedly, "Please."

"What is it, Homura?" you say with a trace of anxiety. Is her time stop malfunctioning or something? About to summon squamous horrors from beyond the veil of reality to punish us for daring to intrude on their domain?

"... I need a cleanse," she says, holding up her hand, palm facing you.

"Oh, is that all," you reply, relieved. The corruption is easy to draw off, perhaps about a fifth. You've been in the timestop for a subjective total of maybe four hours, at a guess- while travelling ordinarily doesn't take so long, travelling while going over the path with a fine toothed comb certainly does, and so does searching a house.

You crush the cloud of grief down into the small spheres that's become your tradition, and frown at the number- seven of them. After a moment's thought, you make another group of fifteen to form another vertex on your icosahedron by adding eight more marbles from your pocket.

"There," you say, smiling at Homura.

"Thank you," she allows.

Well, you'll take it. Without much else to do, you walk over to an alley before crouching and leaping, ricocheting up the alley walls to reach the rooftops. Mami and Homura are right behind you, and after a moment to reorient, the three of you are headed to the hospital, Mami in the lead.

It doesn't take long before you're looking down on the hospital grounds.

"Where shall we search now?" Mami wonders out loud.

---

- [ ] Look in A\&E, see if Sayaka's there
- [ ] Look for ambulances
- [ ] Check in on Hitomi
- [ ] Check in on Kyousuke
- [ ] Check the rest of the hospital
- [ ] Scan from a distance
- [ ] Write-in

---

One hundred and twenty four Grief marbles, four of which are in your pocket.
