# Direct Intervention pt. 17

As you walk into the apartment, you're careful to alter the ever-shifting icosahedron of Grief marbles so as to accommodate all the obstacles in the apartment. You probably need to find some easier way of bringing them with you, you figure.

Homura walks over to the sofa, and sits down primly, tucking her hands into her lap. She looks around the room curiously, as if she's never been here before. Paying close attention, though, you can see the deep echoes of old pain written in the way the lines around her eyes tighten.

"Hey, Mami?" you call as you search.

"Yes?" the reply echoes from the kitchen. How that works, you don't know; since sound by rights needs air as a medium of passage, but, well. Magic is as magic does.

"Mind if I grab that sling bag? I kinda have too many marbles of Grief right now," you comment. Where *was* that bag?

"Of course!" Mami replies. "Should be on the shelf, next to mine."

So it is. You grab the bag, and hold it open, amusing yourself by having the marbles file inside one by one and packing themselves neatly within. For now, you leave the bag here in the living room, before entering the kitchen to help Mami with the cooking. Mami is frowning at the tap; despite her having one hand on it, no water's coming out.

"Whatcha cooking, Mami?" you ask, peering around. There's some uncooked spaghetti in a packet on the table, along with various other ingredients- tomatos, mushrooms and so forth neatly set out.

"Pasta pomodoro," she says distractedly, pronouncing the syllables correctly to your mild surprise. "Do you think Homura has any non-boiling water in her shield?"

"I'll ask," you say, and stick your head out of the kitchen to look at Homura. "Hey, Homura, do you have any water? That's not boiling?"

"Yes," Homura replies, rising to her feet. She walks into the kitchen, and pulls several large bottles of distilled water out from her shield which she places on the kitchen countertop.

"Ah, thank you, Homura," Mami flashes her a grateful smile. "Can't cook without water..." She grabs one of the large bottles and empties it into a pot, which she leaves on a stove. Golden ribbons wind around the pot handle and the stove itself, vibrant blotches of colour in the iron-grey world.

You grab the chopping board and a knife, before starting to chop the ingredients. You're familiar with the general recipe, if perhaps not Mami's specific version of it, so you know what to do. Mami tries to nudge you away, but you just roll your eyes at her, and she smiles exasperatedly at you. Instead, she reaches for a skillet which, she begins to heat up, humming slightly. Seeing that, you put aside the tomatoes which you'd been chopping up and reach instead for the onions.

"How'd you learn to cook this, anyway?" you ask curiously as you push the onions over to Mami, who's currently pouring oil into the heated skillet.

She flushes slightly. "I like Italian food," she answers as she expertly drops the onions in with a hiss of oil.

You nod. "Ah, I see," you reply. "Are we adding some chicken or something?"

"Oh, yes," she says as sliced garlic joins the onions. "I should still have some chicken breast in the refrigerator."

You reach over, and pull open the fridge to hunt for the chicken, and then busy yourself to shredding it. Mami's smile dims slightly when she thinks you're not looking, you notice.

The meal -technically, breakfast?- doesn't take long to prepare with the two of you working in perfect tandem, even with the complication of having to manuveur around the golden ribbons linking things to the time stop. As you cook, however, you can't help but notice that whenever you're ostensibly busy with something else, Mami looks slightly unhappy.

"Food's done," you call as you divvy up the spaghetti, Mami finishing up the sauce. There's no response from Homura.

*There's no response from Homura.*

Stay calm, Sabrina.

*Caaaaaalm.*

Your walk to the kitchen door is perhaps a little more hurried than usual, and your heart is certainly not beating out a thundering tatoo in your chest.

...

She's asleep.

The time traveller has fallen asleep on Mami's sofa, half-slumping over sideways. Even asleep, her mouth is downturned into a frown, but her features are more relaxed, more unguarded, than you've ever seen.

Asleep, Akemi Homura seems much smaller than even her petite 156 centimeters. Her slumbering form lacks the usual fiery anger, the weary but implacable energy she usually moves with.

Asleep, Akemi Homura is just a Japanese school girl dressed in an unusual costume. Just a slightly malnourished, tired girl - even if the cut of her costume disguises it, you can see that she's rather skinnier than she should be, and her skin is perhaps on the unhealthier side of translucent. Relics of her time spent in hospital, you suppose.

You glance at Mami, who's walked up to peer over your shoulder. She raises her eyebrows at you, and inclines her head to you. *Your move.*

---

- [ ] Wait for Homura to wake up
  - [ ] Talk to Mami while waiting?
  - [ ] Write-in conversation topic
- [ ] Wake up Homura
- [ ] Write-in

---

Been busy.
