# Direct Intervention pt. 18

Your face curls into a smirk, and you turn to look at Mami, still peering over your shoulder. "Don't tell her she's this adorable when she's asleep," you whisper to her. "She'll probably never go to sleep again."

Mami giggles quietly, one hand over her mouth. "We should let her sleep, I think," she whispers back when her laughter subsides.

You nod. "Yeah, I agree. But first..." you raise your left hand and reach out with your magic, gently drawing a bilious cloud of corruption out from Homura's Soul Gem. In her sleep, her face eases slightly, and she slumps over further on the couch, murmuring quietly into the cushion.

Mami's hand comes up to cover her mouth again, and her eyes crinkle in laughter. You can practically *hear* the delighted squeal she's too refined to express.

"Caffiene, maybe?" you mutter quietly to Mami, stepping back and lightly tugging her back into the kitchen. Absently, you call the large mass of Grief marbles you'd left in the sling bag to you, and the bag silently floats itself into your waiting arms. "The food'll keep, just let the timestop hold it."

"That's probably a good idea," Mami says. "I'll put some tea on."

"Do you have something stronger? Coffee?" you ask, as you collapse the malevolent cloud of Grief you have into the usual spheres and adding them to the pile already inside bag.

The blonde shakes her head, nose wrinkled in disgust. "I don't like coffee." She busies herself setting a kettle of water to boil. You locate the tea leaves, and dump several spoonfuls into a teapot. You then take a long, measuring look at it, and dump a few more spoonfuls in.

Mami ignites the stove, and leaves the kettle to boil, before leaning against the counter, arms clasped tightly around herself in a hug. When she catches you looking at her, she smiles at you, but it's more than a little strained.

"Are you OK, Mami?" you ask.

"Hm? Yes, of course I am..." she replies, a tad unconvincingly.

No, she's not. But you'll hold your peace for now, because you want to talk to her seriously, and the kettle's about to boil. As if on cue, it begins to whistle just as you think that, and Mami busies herself pouring water into the teapot. "I think that's a bit too much tea leaves," she comments on seeing just how much you'd added. A golden ribbon loops itself around the handle of the tea pot, and she steps back from it.

You shrug. "We need the caffiene, I think," you say. "Anyway, c'mon, Mami."

You tug lightly on her sleeve, and lead her over to your bedroom, carefully tiptoeing past the slumbering Homura, who's by now fully tipped over on the sofa and is burrowed up against the backrest. The evidence of your rushed departure is still present in the form of the blankets strewn roughly about and the crumpled sheets.

You seat yourself, and pat the bed beside you while giving Mami an inviting look. She reluctantly seats herself, looking away out of the window to avoid looking you in the eyes, but she scoots over close enough that you can feel the warmth from her body.

"How are you holding up, Mami?" you ask.

She sighs, but doesn't answer.

You let the silence stretch out.

"I," Mami starts, before trailing off.

You bump your shoulder lightly against hers, giving her silent encouragement.

"I'm... not comfortable with this, Sabrina," she says quietly. "I- she *hurt* you so *badly*. You might have *died*! And Sayaka, too! I- but..." She sighs again. "I was -am- so *angry*, and she needs to *pay*, but this... skulking around- I-"

She's uncomfortable with this cold, premediated hunt and murder, you gather.

"I, I- I want Oriko *gone*," she whispers, still looking away from you. "But this..."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

There's more than one layer at play here.

Mami is a veteran magical girl.

One hundred thirty nine Grief marbles, four of which are in your pocket.
