# Direct Intervention pt. 19

"She-" Mami breaks off the sentence with a sigh, and falls silent again. Her head lowers slightly.

"Hey," you say, draping one arm around her shoulder and pulling her into a hug. "You're a good person, Mami."

"I *want* Oriko *dead*," she says in an almost inaudible whisper, still looking away from you. She leans into the hug, though, drawing comfort from the simple physical contact. "She threatened our *home*. She *burned down my friend's house*."

You chuff out a sigh. "That's just being human, Mami," you say. "And this... this isn't something I want to do either. We're not..." you wave your hands, searching for a word. "We're not *assassins*. But we need to get her to stop."

Mami groans. "I... but... this timestop..."

"How did you deal with it?" you ask.

"Huh?"

"Before, I mean. Oriko isn't the only one, you've mentioned being in fights before," you say. "I know that life as a magical girl isn't always... nice, Mami."

"It isn't. She... she's not," she admits quietly. "I was, *am*, furious, but- never like this. Not a cold hunt like this... We just fought, and I won. I- I... I've *hurt* people before. Badly. But always in a *fight*..."

She takes a shuddering breath. "A-and what happens if we find her? We kill her? I- I can threaten as much as I like-" Mami lets out a choked laugh "-I threatened to kill *Homura* the first time we met! And now look at her! I- I, I don't think..."

You shake your head, understanding. "You don't think you could actually kill someone." Except, perhaps, in the heat of the moment, the types of a breakdown, you think to yourself. You know what she could once have done.

"N-no..." Mami says.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Mami's always been able to talk up a good show.
