# Direct Intervention pt. 20

Your arm is already around Mami's shoulders, but you pull her into a full hug. She stiffens in your arms. Not really what you'd been hoping for, but you just hold her for a moment.

"It's not about hunting her, really," you say contemplatively. "It's more... we *need* to find out why she's doing these things, and stopping her from doing more. The timestop is just the best way of doing it."

Mami sighs. "It still doesn't feel *right*." She pushes herself up from your hug, and you let her, though one arm still remains around her. "It- I... what do we *do* when we find her?"

You shake your head. "I don't know, Mami. But I *do* know that it doesn't *have* to end in killing if we find her, between the three of us. We've got Homura's timestop, I can cleanse for as long as we need it, and more importantly-" you give her a little shake "-we've got *Mami Tomoe*. We can find another way."

"You- I-" Mami slumps, head dipping almost to her chest. "You... I'm not- I don't *deserve* your trust, Sabrina. I don't think- I c-could *kill* a-anyone, but I- Just *thinking* about Oriko, what she's *done*, I want her *gone*, and-" she breaks off with a wordless noise that's half sob and half snarl, clutching at the air in front of her as if wringing someone's neck. "I- I don't trust *myself*. And it *scares* me."

You pull her into a hug again, and this time, she accepts, collapsing bonelessly against you, tears silently rolling down her face. "It's OK, Mami," you soothe, rubbing her on her back gently. "Whatever happens, I'll still be here to help. Always, Mami."

She speaks through her tears, mumbling into your shoulder. "I- I don't *deserve* you, Sabrina."

You let her cry herself out in little sobbing heaves. Out of the corner of your eye, you can see her Soul Gem- it's perhaps a little tarnished, but nowhere near enough for it to matter yet.

Eventually, her quiet sobs fade away. You idly draw the corruption from her Soul Gem, and pack it away as marbles in your pocket.

She draws back from the hug, and simply looks at you for a long moment with a wan smile on her face.

The smile fades, though, and she asks, "I'm still not sure... do you think we could leave the timestop, just for a bit? J-just to gather my thoughts? The silence is..."

---

- [ ] Wake up Homura, ask her
- [ ] Wait for Homura to wake up
- [ ] Continue the hunt, leaving Mami behind
- [ ] Just a little further
  - [ ] Specify
- [ ] Continue onwards
- [ ] Write-in

---

Heat of the moment. Fury. Incoherency? Oh yes.
Read between the lines. Metaphorically speaking.
One hundred forty three Grief marbles, eight of which are in your pocket.
