# Direct Intervention pt. 21

You swallow. You don't *want* to leave the timestop, since that would free Oriko to do whatever it is she has planned. But now that she's brought it up, you realize the effect the timestop's been having on her... and you're reluctant to subject her to more of it.

Mami's face falls. "O- of course, it's OK if you want continue, finding Oriko is important, too," she says.

"No, no. We'll stop, but I..." you hesitate, but you decide that this really *is* for the best. "Just one more stop, OK? I want to check on Nagisa first."

Mami smiles wanly. "I... OK. I can... yes," she says with a nod.

A thought strikes you. "I... maybe we can put a movie on or something? So there's some noise while we eat, or something?"

"I'd like that," Mami says, sitting back. She leans against you, the height disparity leaving her shoulder against your arm, a warm sensation even through the sleeve of your longcoat.

You sigh. "I'm sorry, Mami. I know it's not what you wanted to hear... but I... even if we can't find Oriko, I'd like to make sure everyone we know is safe, at least. We... should probably stop for the night after this, anyway, we're all tired, and I don't think we can keep this up too much longer."

Mami chuckles warmly. "You... You, Sabrina... you are something special, aren't you?" She shakes her head, smiling. "I... I dub thee *white knight* Sabrina, friend to all she meets," she says, with a slight stumble over the unfamiliar syllables.

"I'm not that good a person," you protest, though a smile comes unbidden to your face. "It's just... I can't just *let* these things go, you know?"

"Ahhh... you *would* say that," she chuckles warmly. "In any case, yes, Sabrina, I'm OK with checking in on Nagisa, since you think it's necessary."

"Thanks, Mami," you say. "Do you want to try the TV now?"

"Mmm... Is Homura still sleeping?" Mami asks.

You lean back on the bed, trying to peer out of the door. You can *just* see the back of the sofa from here, and Homura doesn't seem to be sitting up, so you presume that she is, indeed, still sleeping.

"Looks like she is, yeah," you say.

"Hm... maybe if we make it really soft?" Mami wonders. "I don't want to disturb her sleep. She looks like she *hasn't*, for a few days."

"I wouldn't be surprised," you answer, rising to your feet and offering Mami a hand up. She accepts it, and you pull her up, while musing on Homura.

Mami swipes at her face, rubbing the heel of one of her hands -glove and all- against her eyes. "Yeah, Oriko seems to really have her on edge."

You agree with a nod as you head in to the living room. With Oriko around, you have to wonder if Homura's even slept *at all*, as opposed to watching over Madoka every night. As you step out of your room, you hesitate, and turn to head back in, drawing a questioning look from Mami. You grab your blanket off your bed, though, and bring it with you over to the sofa where you ever so carefully drape it over the sleeping time traveller.

Homura mumbles something incoherent, and you freeze. One of her hands -her left one, with the Soul Gem and shield- comes up to tug the blanket closer around herself, and she snuggles back down against the blanket.

Her Soul Gem's not very clouded, you notice. You wonder a little at that, but you figure that she's had literal *years*, if not *decades* of experience in being efficient. It probably counts for *something*.

You grin at Mami, who's watching over your shoulder, and she smiles back. You point questioningly at the television, feeling a lot more confident that you can probably try it without waking Homura -she's utterly *exhausted*, it looks like-, and Mami nods. You snag the remote as she walks over to the shelf, looking for something to play.

With a hand on the television to keep it active, you turn the television on. It simply displays static, but it works, and you hastily turn the volume down until it's nearly inaudible. A quick glance back at Homura tells you that she's still sound asleep.

Your head snaps back to the television. Wait, what? How does *that* work? Time stop... electricity? Shouldn't the electricity be stopped? You frown at the television. You frown up at the ceiling lamp Mami had habitually flicked on when she stepped in. It had been off in the timestop, and Mami turned it on, but she's not touching it now and it's still emitting light and how does that even[-](http://i.imgur.com/ts0Sizz.jpg)

Mami waves a hand in front of your face. "Are you OK, Sabrina?"

"I... uh, yeah," you say, blinking away the thoughts. Magic is *fucking weird*, you conclude to yourself.

"Uh, OK." Mami holds up a box for you to see. It's... you blink. It's a console game: Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon. "Do you game, Sabrina? If not, I've also got some movies..."

---

- [ ] Sure!
- [ ] Maxim 5. Close air support and friendly fire should be easier to tell apart.
- [ ] Maxim 25. If the damage you do is covered by a manufacturers warranty, you didn't do enough damage.
- [ ] Maxim 34. If you're leaving scorch-marks, you need a bigger gun.
- [ ] Nah, watch a movie.

---

Why EDF? Because [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMFZu18xU3Y) exists. (Technically that's based on EDF 2017, not IA, and IA isn't *quite* released yet, but I'm more familiar with Insect Armageddon and shut up.)
