# Direct Intervention pt. 22

You grin at Mami. "Sure!" you say. You lean down to flick on the Playstation she has underneath her TV, and notice that there's only one controller here. "Uh, Mami-"

She's already flitted off to another room, and comes back out with an extra controller. She blows on it, sending a small cloud of dust flying off of it, and hands it to you to plug in. The controller's just about brand new, and barely used, you notice.

The game is quickly set up, and seat yourself on the floor right in front of the television. That's probably terrible for your eyes, but it's not like *that's* a concern, is it? Besides, with the volume low to avoid waking Homura, it's the only way you can hear the sound from the television, which is at least part of the point. Mami sits next to you, close enough that her elbow brush against yours when she shifts.

Mami hands you the newer controller, and the two of you quickly pick your choices and start a new game. You pick the Jet trooper class, a flying class with grenades and missiles, while Mami, to your mild surprise, picks the Battle trooper, the heaviest and slowest class. Also the one with the biggest guns, admittedly.

"So, Mami," you say idly as the game loads up. "Do you game much?"

She shrugs. "Some," she says. "It's... something to occupy the time."

"Ah," you say, not entirely sure how to work around that. The game starts, then, and you get to work blasting giant, car-sized ants to pieces from the dropship. A building promptly falls apart as you hose it down with one bullet too many. "Whoops!" you laugh, not very contritely, as the drop ship lands.

"It happens," Mami says absently, controller clicking under her finger as she sends her trooper expertly into the fray, hosing them down with a heavy machine gun.

"So, Mami," you say as you send your trooper jetting to the top of a building, from which you begin to rain down grenades. "How did you learn to cook so well, anyway?"

"Hm?" Mami asks absently, using her trooper's shield to block an ant's attack. "I just learned from recipe books, and the TV. And I'm really not that good a cook."

"Yes, you are," you disagree, launching another salvo of grenades. It just so happens that you're targeting the ants on the buildings. Purely by accident, of course. Building after building collapses in your wake.

"Are you doing that on purpose, Sabrina?" Mami asks as she sends her trooper stomping through the levelled city.

"Nooo*oooo*?" you draw the word out. *Purely coincidentally*, a grenade lands next to Mami's character, sending the trooper flying.

"Oh, *you*. This means *war*," Mami giggles, sitting forward and propping her elbows against her knees. The rest of the level promptly devolves into her chasing you around with her machine gun, while you try to tag her with a grenade. The two of you stifle your giggles, but you're virtually rolling on the floor as most of the city is razed to the ground.

Up until the point where the giant robot shows up, anyway, the two of you having finally exterminated all the ants, and nearly each other. The robot promptly wipes the two of you out, since you'd both managed to reduce each other to extremely low health.

Mami puts down the controller, shaking with supressed laughter. "You're a terrible person, Sabrina," she says, finally. "But... ah, thanks. I think I needed that."

"C'mon, what are friends for, Mami?" you grin at her. "Why EDF, anyway?"

"Hm? What do you mean?" Mami asks, glancing at you.

"This game doesn't really seem your type," you smile at her to take the sting out of it.

The blonde chuckles at that, playfully nudging you with her elbow. "Doesn't really seem yours, either! It's just good fun, even alone... Though I must say, playing it with someone else was *much* more fun," Mami replies.

"Anyway, what do you think we should do now?" she asks, glancing over her shoulder at Homura. You copy her motion, and see that Homura's *still* sound asleep.

---

- [ ] Let Homura sleep
- [ ] Another try at EDF?
- [ ] Watch a movie?
- [ ] Write-in

---

Just two friends enjoying themselves. For now\...
