# Direct Intervention pt. 23

You shake your head. "I'd rather let her sleep," you say. "If you're alright with that, I mean?" You give Mami an inquiring look.

Mami dips her head in a nod. "I'm... willing to let her sleep. She really needs it, doesn't she?"

"Yeah," you shake your head. "Doesn't even seem to have stirred even with the noise we were making."

"Do you think..." Mami frowns. "She's really worried about Oriko, isn't she? Do you think she's been out looking for her?"

"Sounds quite likely," you answer. Privately, you suspect that she's also probably on Madoka-surveillance around the clock, too.

Mami sighs, and you put a comforting hand on her arm. "Just a little longer, OK, Mami?" you say. "Shall we eat? I don't know about you, but I'm starting to get hungry."

"Sure," Mami says, rising to her feet to fetch the spaghetti from the kitchen. You follow her, but pause by the sofa and check Homura's Soul Gem. Deciding to play it safe, you draw off the Grief from her, collapsing it into the familiar little spheres. You then head into the kitchen, where Mami's checking on the spaghetti.

She pours out the tea into cups, while you pull out some utensils. Forks, to go with the spaghetti, and between the two of you, you carry your food and tea out to the living room. Homura's portion you leave in the kitchen, still locked within the timestop.

You and Mami seat yourselves next to the television. Thanks to the timestop, your food is still piping hot, and you're about to dig in when an idea occurs to you. "Hey, Mami? Maybe we could watch a movie or something while eating?"

"Ah? Sure," Mami says, blinking up at you and putting her plate down on the floor. The colour fades from the plate as her hand leaves it. She stands, and wanders over to her small collection of movies. "What would you like to watch?" she asks.

"Something light, I guess?" you shrug.

Mami runs a finger along the spines of her disc collection. "Hmm... How about an anime?"

"I suppose so?"

"Ah, just the thing, then," Mami smiles, pulling out one of the discs. You don't see what it is before she cracks the casing open and pulls out the disc. "I haven't gotten around to watching this one, anyway."

The television is quickly set up, and the two of you are sitting in front of it, Mami again sitting close enough to you that her elbows bump against yours. You twirl your fork in the spaghetti, gathering a decent amount which you stick into your mouth as you wait for the movie to begin. Mami's cooking is *good*; just the right balance of taste.

"*The morning of December 16. It was so cold. And I mean *cold*, that if you took an ice pick and plunged it into the ground, you'd shatter the earth into a million pieces.*"

Time passes quickly, and the two of you polish off your meal quickly, setting aside the plates. The tea you'd made is extraordinarily thick, but it definitely perks you up.

As the movie draws to a close, your tea long finished, you look back at Homura. To your surprise, she's *still* sleeping - she must have been utterly *exhausted*, but her sleep seems rather less restful, now. Her face is contorted into an expression of dismay, and her hands are fisted in the blanket you'd draped over her.

Mami glances back as you do so, and a frown also creases her forehead.

**\[] Wake Homura
\[] Let her sleep it off
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Well, it's not Endless Eight.
Implying implications.
One hundred forty six Grief marbles, eleven of which are in your pocket.
