# Direct Intervention pt. 24

You sigh. "Time to wake her up, I think," you mutter, looking at Mami.

"Are you sure?" the blonde asks. "We could just let her sleep... maybe the nightmare will pass?"

You shake your head. "No... I think this would be for the best." You rather suspect that Homura's nightmares can only get worse. You stand easily, stretching out the kinks from your sitting so long, and move over to the sofa, where Homura's rolled over, tangling herself in the blanket.

"Homura?" you say softly, reaching out to nudge her gently on the shoulder. You lean back, ready to avoid a reflexive shooting.

Nothing.

Homura mutters something in her sleep, and she curls in on herself to avoid your hand. Her death grip on the blankets loosen slightly, though, and her face eases.

"Homura, it's time to wake up," you say, nudging her a little more firmly.

The black haired girl makes a little 'mnaaaaaa' noise, and one hand comes up to bat weakly at yours. You can hear Mami biting back a delighted squeal from behind you, and you half turn to grin at her.

You put your hand on her shoulder and give her a little shake. "Homura, wake up," you say, louder.

The time traveller's eyes blink open, and for a bare moment between heartbeats, you can practically *see* the old Homura in her sleepy violet eyes. She blinks again, looking muzzily up at you, confusion swimming in her eyes. The moment passes, however, and her eyes harden, startled expression quickly subsumed under her usual impassive mask.

"Good morning, Homura," you say with a smile, stepping back.

She glares at you, pushing the blanket back and swinging herself upright. "I fell asleep?"

"Yes, you did," you confirm.

"You should have woken me up," she snaps at you.

"No, we shouldn't have," you counter. "With your time stop, we're not losing any time, and with *me* around, corruption isn't an issue. And really? You need the rest, Homura." That she fell asleep at all, let alone remained asleep like that, speaks volumes about how *tired* she must have been.

"I agree with Sabrina," Mami adds firmly. "You were *exhausted*, Homura. Anyway, stay here, I'll get some food for you." The blonde turns up the volume of the television, and walks off to the kitchen.

Homura frowns, looking slightly mutinous, but she seems to accept your logic and remains seated on the sofa. You sit down beside her, kicking your legs out. "You shouldn't be afraid to accept help from your allies, you know," you reprove.

She sighs almost imperceptibly, but doesn't reply to that. She only reacts when Mami pushes a steaming plate of pasta and cup of tea in her face, looking up at the blonde. "Thank you," she says, grudgingly, before accepting the fork and beginning to eat.

Mami seats herself on the sofa on your other side, watching the television, which is now looping through the movie a second time. You split your attention between observing Homura, Mami, and the television. Homura's fork moves rather rapidly- it seems that in addition to being exhausted, she's starving, too. You catch Mami's eye, and jerk your head in the direction of the time traveller. She nods in acknowledgement, lips pursed as she watches Homura wolf down the food.

Homura polishes off the spaghetti in record time, and you catch her glancing oh-so-casually at the kitchen, as if she's wondering if there's more. However, she silently sets aside the plate, and picks up the cup of tea, slowly sipping it.

"So, Homura," you begin. "We're considering calling off the time-stop hunt, after checking maybe one or two more locations. There's just too many places Oriko could have gone to ground."

The time traveller fixes you with her violet gaze. "You and Mami may leave the time stop," she says, and, a heartbeat later as if she's debating something with herself, she continues, "May I come back to you for cleanses of my Soul Gem?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Sleeping Homu, and something for you to consider, perhaps- why *is* Homu so tired?
