# Direct Intervention pt. 25

"Yes, of course," you say. "Even so, you shouldn't stay up too much longer, Homura. You really need the sleep. As it is, you're barely half awake, and, y'know, you *actually* fell asleep there. If you're barely alert... It's that much easier for Oriko to catch you off guard, you know?"

Homura looks away. "I can't affor-"

"*Can't* you?" you snap. You have easy rebuttals for this, since you were *just* thinking about it. "*You* have all the time in the world, and *I'm* perfectly happy to cleanse your Soul Gem for you. Food? Have you been eating instant ramen all the time?" -from the flash of surprise that crosses Homura's face, you suspect you're right- "I'm sure Mami doesn't mind feeding you." Mami nods, supporting you.

"It's not necessary," Homura scowls at you.

"Unecessary is not the same thing as 'shouldn't be done'," you say, holding up a finger. "I believe I've mentioned this before."

"Sabrina's absolutely right, Homura," Mami injects firmly. "You're pushing yourself too hard. You *can* afford to rest."

At least *one* good thing came of this entire affair, you reflect. Mami now actually cares enough about Homura to try helping her. Which is... unexpected, but nice. Now, if only Homura would actually *accept* the help. And speaking of help...

"And one more thing, Homura," you say to her scowling face. "I think it's probably for the best if you sleep here tonight, after everything's done, OK? Safety in numbers, right?"

Homura glares at you, and you glare right back. Finally, she relents, and glances away. "Fine," she grunts.

"Good," you say. "Alright, then. Our next stop for now is checking on Nagisa... but first, cleanses, everyone?"

You go through your standard ritual of drawing off the corruption from everyone's Soul Gem, including your own, while still seated comfortably on the sofa. You call the sling bag to you, levitating it via the mass of Grief marbles inside, and drop the new ones in before leaving the bag on the floor beside you.

Mami purses her lips, looking thoughtfully at Homura's cleaned out plate of spaghetti. "I suppose I'll wash up later, when we're not in the timestop," she muses. "Have you finished your tea, Homur-"

The timetraveller interrupts her by grabbing the cup and draining the remains of the tea in one long gulp.

"... Alright, then," you say. "Let's go?"

After looking up Momoe Shin's residence, the three of you set out again, with you remembering to snag the sling bag. Mami takes the lead- even if she doesn't know the precise address, she knows the general area.

It turns out that Momoe Shin lives in an apartment in a relatively upscale part of the city. It's not the implausible rolling acres of the Kaname and Mikuni residences, but the buildings are new, and seem to be well maintained.

"Uh..." you check the address written on a scrap of paper. "That building there, I think. Third floor."

Mami peeks over your shoulder at the paper, and you obligingly angle it so that she can see it easily. "Yes, that's the right one," she agrees, while Homura looks on impatiently.

The three of you head over to the building, and Mami uses her ribbons to lift you up to peer through the window. Momoe Shin's house speaks of quiet opulence, and, to an extent, bachelorhood, though it's generally well kept. Nagisa, it turns out, is sleeping. The braids are undone, and the ribbons are piled up on her bedside table.

There's absolutely nothing out of the ordinary here.

You wave your hand to signal Mami, and the ribbons holding you aloft relax, letting you back down to the ground. "Nothing wrong here, it seems," you inform the others.

"Hm... What will be our next step, then?" Mami asks, glancing around at the grey of the time stop.

**\[] Continue hunting
\- \[] Where?
\[] Stop hunting
\- \[] Try to convince Homura to stop too?
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Homura actually agreed to staying over pretty readily, didn't she? I wonder why.

One hundred fifty four grief marbles, eight in your pocket.
