# Direct Intervention pt. 26

"Um..." you glance at Mami, slightly worried about her reaction. "Mami, would you mind if we were to check out Homura's house, too? I know I said Nagisa's would be our last stop, but I just thought about this..."

Mami nods, though her smile is slightly strained. "I... yes, that's a good idea," she agrees. "Wouldn't do to leave her in the lurch."

"It's not necessary," Homura repeats impatiently. "I'm capable of checking my house myself."

"Homura, just let us help you, OK?" you say.

She glares at you, but ultimately relents. "Fine. Let's go, then," she grumbles, and starts walking away.

You glance at Mami as you start to follow the time traveller. "You're sure you're OK with this, Mami?"

"Yes," Mami affirms with a smile. Lowering her voice, she adds, "Homura... needs someone to look after her, doesn't she?"

"I... yeah, she kinda does," you whisper back.

"I can hear you perfectly well," Homura calls back, before tensing and crouching to jump up two closely spaced buildings.

You look back at Mami again, and roll your eyes. You follow Homura up to the roof, as does Mami, and the three of you leap off towards her apartment, an odd corner block at the junction of three streets. Mami cautiously opens a window with her ribbons, and the three of you enter Homura's apartment through the window.

Homura's apartment is... odd. In the center of the living room are several backless sofas, arranged in broken, concentric circles. The walls are a plain tan colour, and there are little devices studded along the edge between the floor and walls - projectors, you figure. The air in here, even deadened by the timestop, has a faintly antiseptic scent.

But that's not really what draws your attention. What *does* is the massive, bladed pendulum hanging down from the unusually high ceiling - if not for the timestop, the words 'careening madly' should probably be applied. You... knew that she *had* one, from your memories, but actually seeing it in person is something else. You stop and stare at it, as does Mami.

"Is that a hologram?" Mami asks, still staring up at the pendulum.

No response. You look around for Homura, and don't see her. The ribbon binding you to her leads into one of the side rooms, and you tap Mami on the shoulder, pointing at it. "Homura?"

"Here," she replies, voice floating out of that room. You walk over, picking your way around the sofas, to find that this room apparently serves as Homura's armory. There's a table with a reading lamp and a viceclamp on the side. While there aren't any guns lying around -why would there be, when Homura can keep them in her shield?-, but you can *smell* the gun oil in the air, and lying on the table are cleaning rods of various kinds, as well as wirebrushes and so forth.

Homura's peering under the table as you walk in. "Nothing?" you ask.

She shakes her head. "Nothing."

"Anyway... I think that after we finish up here, we should go back to Mami's apartment and stop there," you say, choosing your words carefully.

"As I said earlier, you and Mami may leave the hunt," Homura repeats, standing and frowning at you.

"No, I mean *we*, Homura. You're pushing yourself too hard," you say. "I think..."

---

- [ ] Write-in argument
- [ ] Ask about the pendulum
- [ ] Something else?

---

Minor edit to the last update, incidentally; you brought your bag of Grief with you.
