# Direct Intervention pt. 27

"I... look. What I said earlier is still true, Homura. We're just getting tired, while Oriko is still fresh, and she has Kirika, and possibly one more magical girl to help her," you say, thinking furiously. A footstep behind you; Mami following you into the room.

"I can rest in the timestop, as you've demonstrated," Homura says flatly. "It's more important t-"

"Will you?" you snap, eyebrows arched high. "You know, the fact that you *actually* fell asleep like that says something. Like, for example, that you *haven't* been resting properly, timestop or no."

"And?" Homura replies evenly.

"You- ugh," you break off when Mami puts a supporting hand on your shoulder. "Look. We're tired, and Oriko has had enough time to plan this out, and well enough that she could get to us *inside* the timestop. Remember the mine back there?" You wave a hand at your leg to emphasize. "What if she gets you with something like that while Mami and I aren't around?"

"I can still heal myself," the time traveller replies implacably. "It just takes time and Grief Seeds."

And of *course* Homura, of all people, would have plenty of *both*.

You open your mouth, but you're out of reasons. Reasons that you feel you can bring up, anyway.

"Homura..." Mami says, her hand dropping from your shoulder as she steps forward. Her voice is gentle, consoling, what you'd use to talk to a distraught child. "Why... why are you so determined to hunt down Oriko? I was -I *am*- furious with what she's done... but... what has she *done* to deserve your, your *hatred*?"

Homura stares at Mami, a flicker of emotion you don't catch crossing her face. "It's not your concern, Tomoe Mami."

The blonde flinches, but her face sets in determination. "Homura, we're trying to help."

---

- [ ] Intervene
  - [ ] How?
- [ ] Let Homura reply
- [ ] Write-in

---

Short update today. You *would* have asked about the pendulum, but Mami had her own ideas.
