# Direct Intervention pt. 28

It's your turn to put a hand on Mami's shoulder, tugging her back lightly. She turns questioningly to look at you, and you shake your head, *no*.

"Homura, you're running yourself ragged," you say, meeting her gaze steadily. She doesn't deny it, eyes sliding away from yours - not in impatience, but rather that she can't *quite* seem to meet your gaze. "Whatever your opinions on Oriko are... *you*, your *health*, are more important. The only real lasting effect that Oriko's had on us so far, with this incident? This-" you pat your bag full of Grief marbles, "-and the three of us being tired. *You* especially." And, you add to yourself, Mami now actually caring enough about Homura to give a damn, you suppose.

Homura doesn't reply, gazing at a point somewhere near your feet. You sigh. "If you still want to continue... well. I'm still happy to cleanse for you. Just... please be careful, Homura. And don't stay out for too long, OK?"

Homura still doesn't reply, and you hold out a hand to her. "C'mon Homura. Let us help you."

Violet eyes meet yours, inscrutable and implacable once again. "You wanted to go back to Mami's house, correct?" She walks past you, leaving the room.

You sigh heavily and look at Mami helplessly. She's half turned, one hand out in an aborted gesture to grab Homura. She can only shake her head back at you, golden eyes looking lost.

Well, there's nothing for it, is there? You really can't force *Homura* of all people to stop.

The two of you follow Homura out, your eyes drawn with all the inevitability of gravity up to the pendulum. You really want to ask about the pendulum.

You *really* want to ask about the pendulum.

You... "Hey Homura, on a completely unrelated topic, uh... why the pendulum?"

Homura stops in her tracks, and turns to look at you with a raised eyebrow. Mami, by your side, very slowly palms her face[.](https://i.imgur.com/6WLwbnm.png)

"I like it," Homura says simply. Her eyes track up to it. "It reminds me of..." she trails off, looking lost for a moment, before recovering and stalking out of the apartment.

"Sabrina..." Mami groans into her hand, shaking her head.

"What?" you ask defensively. "I wanted to know."

"Oh, Sabrina," Mami says, lifting her face from her hand and favouring you with a smile and a shake of her head. "Nothing gets you down, does it."

You shrug as you follow Homura out of the apartment.

The three of you journey back to Mami's apartment in silence, each lost in your own thoughts. Mami opens the door, and you file in silently.

"Um. How does this work, Homura?" Mami asks, looking at the time traveller.

Homura plucks at the ribbon around her waist. "You just need to disconnect the ribbon."

"Um. OK," Mami says, sitting on the sofa, and spending a minute to fuss with her skirt, and then her clothes, flicking off invisible specks of dust. She pats the sofa beside her, looking at you invitingly.

"You won't even notice. Just dissolve the ribbon," Homura says, looking slightly bemused at Mami's antics.

"I..."

She's scared, you realize.

And you guess you can see why - time continues, in a fashion, and it doesn't involve her. It's... somewhat existentially disturbing, you suppose.

You sit down on the sofa beside her, and give her an encouraging smile. "It's nothing, Mami. It's not like Homura hasn't done it before, right? Used the timestop, I mean."

"I guess," she admits, returning your smile. Now looking determined, she looks at Homura, and dissolves the rib-

\=====​

-bons.

You blink.

Homura's crossed the distance to stand in front of you, and is now looking down at you. She has a hand on your shoulder to bring you into the time stop. Beside you, Mami is frozen in hues of grey, still looking at where Homura was.

"Hi, Homura," you sigh. "How long has it been? Any news?"

"I haven't gone looking yet," she replies. She's wearing an expression you've never seen before on her face - she looks *lost*, and she's looking down, unwilling to meet your gaze. "You... why do you *care*?"

---

- [ ] Pull Mami in.
- [ ] Say something
  - [ ] What?
- [ ] Write-in

---

There are, as is usual, more than one layer to Homura's reactions.
