# Direct Intervention pt. 29

You blink. That was *not* what you'd expected. "I... you deserve better. *All* of you do, Homura," you jerk your head to indicate Mami. "I *know* what you've been through, Homura, don't forget. I *know* what happened. And you, Homura..."

You smile at her. "*You* are kind of amazing, you know that? You did this, *all* of this, for Madoka. You've never given up, even after everything that's happened and everything you've learned. You *made* yourself better, and you keep going," you say, gesticulating to emphasize your point. "Homura, do you have any *idea* how *few* people would be able to do that? Pick themselves up and just... carry on?"

Homura looks taken aback. "I- For Madoka, it's worth it. *Anything* is." Her eyes are wide, and her expression is more unguarded than you've ever seen of her when she's awake.

"Perhaps so," you reply. "But the fact is that you do it. You *keep going*. And not just that. You still try to save the others. Mami, Sayaka, Kyouko... Oh, I'm sure you tell yourself that it's because Madoka cares about them. But after all's said and done? You *still* try! Perhaps you don't succeed. Perhaps you made mistakes. But you tried!" You pause to take a breath. "I care, Homura, because you deserve it. I *know* what you've been through."

"I- I..." she swallows heavily, and begins to loosen her hand on your shoulder. You've been expecting this, though, and lightning quick, you reach up and grab her hand clamping her hand down against your shoulder to prevent her from running away from this conversation.

You decide to take a chance. "And... You know what I think? I think that... no. I *know* if Madoka knew, she would be proud of you, Homura." *Then* you let go, and spread your arms wide, careful not to touch Mami. *Take your shot, if I was out of line.*

The time traveller squeezes her eyes shut, bowing her head slowly. Like this, she looks *vulnerable*, and you wonder: how *long* has it been since Homura's had positive contact with anyone not Madoka? Let alone anyone who understood what she'd gone through? How long has it been since someone cared about Homura as a person?

Has Homura ever been given the comfort that someone else supported her? That she wasn't simply madly charging at an unattainable goal, a modern day Sisyphus?

"Homura, you are one of, if not *the* strongest people I know." You carefully avoid the fact that, technically speaking, you know perhaps five people, seven if you include Oriko and Kirika. "But even the strongest people need help, sometimes, and that's no shame. Here's where your friends step in, Homura: I believe you can do it, and I *want to help*. I want *everyone* to make it through this, Homura, because *you all deserve better*." You hold out your hand to her with a smile, mindful of the short distance between the two of you- her arm is rather shorter than yours.

She hesitates, the hand not on your shoulder making a half aborted move. Then, seemingly steeling herself, she puts her hand in yours, and you close your hand around hers, clasping it firmly. Her hand is a bit cooler than yours is, you note as she releases your shoulder and steps back. "Thank you," she says quietly.

"I stand by what I said, Homura. You deserve it, every bit, and more," you reply. "So, are you sure you want to go on with the hunt alone? Be careful, if you do, and do remember to eat and rest."

"I," Homura flounders for a moment. "I'll do my bes- no. I *will*. May I have a cleanse, before I go?"

"That will do, then, and of course," you smile at her. You draw the corruption off her gem, leaving it sparkling, and then squeeze her hand again, to remind her of what you'd said. "Good luck."

You let g-

---​

-o of her hand.

It is *weird*, being the subject of the time stop. It's like watching a movie which suddenly skipped a dozen frames- not even a *flicker*, but things *change*.

Homura's suddenly shifted to the side, and is holding on to your still outstretched hand.

"Hi, Homura," you say, after getting your bearings. "How goes the hunt?"

She shrugs minutely. "Searched around her school a bit more. Haven't found either of them." She doesn't specify who 'them' might be, nor does she need to. "Took another nap," she adds, an odd expression crossing her face - it takes you a moment to recognize it as self depreciation. It looks *odd* on her. "I... must admit I needed that."

"Good," you say firmly. "Cleanse?"

"If you would," Homura says, presenting her Soul Gem. You nod, and pull the filmy darkness away, once again leaving it the brilliant amethyst it should be, before collapsing the cloud of Grief into the familiar little spheres.

"Are you going to continue on?" you ask Homura.

"Yes, I think so," she replies. "Just one more run, I guess."

"Alright. Take care," you say. Her grip on your hand loosens, and-

---​

"I found her. Her and Kirika."

"You what?" Somehow, you weren't expecting that. You shake your head, clearing off the initial fugue. Homura's actually looking pleased. "Is she dead?"

"I- no, not yet," Homura says. "I thought that you might like to come along?"

---

- [ ] Go
  - [ ] Bring Mami
  - [ ] What do? (Write-in specifics)
- [ ] "Just kill her." (Let Homura do it alone.)
- [ ] Write-in

---

Well, well, well. The one roll that I rolled to decide where Homura would search, and she makes it with a 91 (on a d100). (Remember, I wasn't rolling for *your* search.)

One hundred sixty eight grief marbles, eight in your pocket.
