# Direct Intervention pt. 30

You nod. "Yes. I want to question her, first. Would you mind if we bring Mami?"

Homura hesitates. "She won't take well to the killing," she says. "And she doesn't know about our souls," she adds, raising her Soul Gem for emphasis.

"I... yeah. I know. But you know Mami... she'll take even less well to being left alone," you say with an unhappy grimace.

"It's your call," Homura says dubiously.

You frown. "Yes... I think it's for the best," you say firmly. As an afterthought, you ask, "Was Oriko doing anything strange? Anyone else around?"

Homura shakes her head, no. "No. Just Oriko and Kirika, hand in hand."

"Hmm. Well, let's bring in Mami, then," you say, and reach out a hand forthe blonde, still seated behind you, frozen.

When your hand touches her shoulder, colour blooms, her hair springing back to its proper golden colour.

"Good lu-" Mami breaks off, looking around in confusion and looking around. "Homura! Sabrina?"

"Homura's found Oriko," you explain. "We're going to go find her now."

"I... ah," Mami says, still looking mildly bewildered. "Um, right..." She looks around, and then presses her hands together, separating them with golden ribbon spooling between them. The ribbons animates itself, winding itself around all your waists.

Homura lets go of your hand, stepping backwards.

You squeeze Mami's shoulder once, and smile at her when she looks up at you. "Hopefully we can resolve this whole thing here and now, yeah?"

"I... yes. That would be nice," Mami says, returning a weak smile. "Um, good job, Homura."

Homura nods, half turning away while flipping her hair. You clap your hands over your eyes to avoid staring again, and when you lower your hand again, Homura is giving you a puzzled look. Motion out of the corner of your eye has you glancing at Mami, who's lifting one of her hair-drills and looking at it speculatively. Seeing you looking, she drops it, and smiles sheepishly at you.

"Shall we go?" the blonde suggests.

"Yeah, let's," you say. "Homura? Lead on."

The three of you leave by the window, Homura boosting up to the rooftop in a flash of purple light. Mami uses her ribbons to lift her to the roof, and then sends them down for you again.

"Anyway," you call as the three of you launch yourselves off the roof, "I think the first thing we need to do is to bind Oriko up with ribbons. Then we grab her Soul Gem?"

"That sounds like a good idea," Mami shouts back from just ahead of you. "Prevent her from using her magic."

Let's go with that, you think, landing and dropping into a shoulder roll. "Yeah. And the other thing is, we should try to separate her from Kirika, so that if she gets free, she can't bring Kirika in."

Mami's silent for a moment. "Probably for the best," she agrees at length.

Homura's been silent through all this, and you suspect that she just wants to kill Oriko and be done with it. Still... "I want to question Oriko. Find out why she thought 'all this was necessary'."

"Explain," Homura calls out as she lands and pushes off the roof again. Oh, right. You hadn't told her about the note, had you?

"That trap earlier? It had a note. 'This was, and remains, necessary.' I want to know what she meant," you reply.

"I see," Homura says evenly, tone saying otherwise. She'll probably go along with it, you think.

"In any case, I'm just thinking out loud," you offer, trying to mollify the time traveller. "We'll see how it looks when we get there, right?"

"Agreed."

The three of you are soon weaving through the rusting hulks of the industrial district. You sense the pair before they come into view- the dense forest of metal towers and factories limits line of sight, here.

You follow Homura as she leads you nearer to the river, and finally to a particularly tall tower - you think this is probably an old concrete mixing tower, a tall cylinder that tapers toba point below.

You land in a crouch behind Mami and Homura, who's pointing sideways and further away from the base of the tower. "There."

And there, indeed, they are. Oriko is holding Kirika's hand, fingers interlaced, and they're frozen mid leap in the air, aiming at a rusting gantry crane beside the river.

---

- [ ] Carry out your plan
- [ ] Ask for suggestions
- [ ] Write-in

---

Homura can do an airstep; see the Walpurgis fights. Sabrina is arguably the least stylish of the trio.
