# Direct Intervention pt. 31

You look at the frozen tableau, thinking. You *have* an idea... but it doesn't quite appeal. "Any ideas?" you ask out loud. "Other than ribboning Oriko to pull her away from Kirika?"

Mami shakes her head, looking unhappy.

"Any contact with Oriko will bring Kirika into the loop," Homura notes.

"Yeah, that's a problem," you say. "We'll need to separate them quickly, before Kirika can pull anything."

Homura nods in agreement, and her eyes flick over to glance at Mami. She opens her mouth, before closing it again, seemingly thinking better of it, before resting her violet eyes on yours, with a slightly raised eyebrow.

You can agree with Homura's unspoken sentiment, and move over to Mami, placing a hand on her shoulder. "Mami, we'll get to the bottom of this and end this here, OK?"

The blonde sighs. "I hope so, Sabrina. But..." her eyes harden. "*She* threatened my home, my friends, and *you*, Sabrina. I... I'm ready for this."

You can tell she's saying that as much for herself as she is for you, psyching herself up for what *may* end with cold blooded murder. You give her an encouraging smile, and squeeze her on the shoulder. "C'mon, let's get this done," you say.

A metallic clacking noise, echoing in the timestop, brings you out of your reverie. Homura's now hefting with both hands a meter-plus long slab of steel you recognize as a Rheinmetall MG3 with a double drum magazine. "I'm ready," she says simply, racking a round into the chamber.

Mami nods resolutely, straightening. She spreads her hands, and a veritable forest of ribbons springs into existence, winding around the duo, but not yet making contact. She hesitates for a moment, and four of her signature muskets form, balancing impossibly on their muzzles on the bare metal of the concrete mixer tower you're standing on. "I'm ready, too," she says.

You raise your hand, and draw the corruption from their Soul Gems, pulling it into a cloud that you hold ready, halfway between you and the duo in midair. Following the others' lead, you summon one of your warhammers to your hand, holding it loosely at your side. "Ready," you say. "Mami? On three, grab and separate them?"

"OK," Mami replies.

"Three." You feel surprisingly calm, right now.

"Two." Hopefully you'll finally get some answers.

"One." And hopefully you really can end this.

Mami brings her right hand across in a single cutting gesture, and the all the ribbons move at once, like a single mass of striking snakes. Ribbons lash out, winding around Oriko's waist, hands, and feet, a crawling wave of yellow that spins itself into a cocoon around the seer's body.

Colour blooms across Oriko... and Kirika, across their joined hands. You can *see* the precog's eyes go wide from here, as Mami brings her hand back in another sharp gesture, and the ribbons bunch and haul backwards. Kirika's hands slip as her momentum carries her forward while Oriko is yanked backwards.

A scream from Oriko. "Kirika, *no!*"

Too little, too late.

You can *feel* the pulse emanating from Kirika with your other senses, a zone of *deadness* that screams *wrong wrong wrong*. You stagger to the side, planting your warhammer against the metal of the tower to stay standing with an enormous clang. Tears sting your eyes.

Mami's ribbons go limp, losing their animation.

Oriko seizes one of the ribbons as her bindings fall away.

Kirika's hand slips fully from Oriko's grasp, and the seer gasps in shock, hands flailing futilely as she tries to hang on.

The pulse from Kirika reaches the three of you. Mami winces as it hits her, but seems otherwise unaffected.

A shriek of clashing gears and flying sparks from Homura's shield.

Time restarts, colour spinning back into the world as Homura looks at her shield in shock. Even through the tears in your eyes, you can see some of the gears glowing red hot and the shield vibrating madly on her arm.

The pulse tears the control of the Grief cloud away from you, and the cloud dissipates.

With her momentum neither forward or backwards, Oriko plummets.

"Oriko!" you can hear Kirika shrieking. She slams into the side of the gantry crane feet first, before pushing off, directly downwards. You can feel the zone of deadness -antimagic- blossoming out from her again, a tidal wave of disruption slamming down on you.

A thundercrack of noise as Homura opens up with the MG3, directly downwards at white-clad seer. But with the shield juddering on her arm, her aim's off and she misses Oriko.

Mami sweeps her foot across, kicking her four muskets into the air, and, without hesitation, dives off the tower, following them down. She grabs one of her rifles out of mid air, aiming it at the white-clad seer.

Oriko lands on the tarmac with an ugly crunching noise, and even from up here, you can see that when she staggers to her feet, one of her arms is hanging limp, blood already beginning to stain the sleeve of her white dress crimson. Even with her hand set in a rictus of pain, she manages to gesture sharply up at Mami with her good hand, sending a swarm of spheres shooting up at the falling blonde.

Mami tries to twist out of the way, but something seems to go wrong, and some of the spheres hit her anyway. You can hear dull thuds as they slam into her body, and Mami lets out a choked scream. Her graceful fall turns into an uncontrolled tumble, but you can see her fighting to grab one of the rifles.

Kirika lands on her feet with a heavy cracking noise, shattering concrete underfoot, and begins to charge towards Oriko. Somewhere along the fall, she's manifested a set of ugly, jagged claws that are attached to the back of her hands, three a side.

It's barely been seconds since you'd counted off 'One.'

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

I did not, by the way, make a mistake with Oriko being able to summon her spheres even in Kirika's anti-magic field.
