# Direct Intervention pt. 35

"Because, Homura," you hiss, meeting her eyes with a steely gaze of your own, "I want to *stop* her."

*That* takes Homura by surprise. "What?" she asks blankly.

You snort. "If she wanted to kill Madoka? Madoka would be dead," you say.

Homura's eyes harden. Before you can respond, she *snarls* in your face "I- *she has!*" She leans forward in the greatest display of emotion you've ever seen from her. Separated as you are by a single arm length, she's nearly shouting in your face. "She *has* k-killed Madoka! And you want to bring her *back*?"

"Yes, she did!" you snap back. "After she'd been driven into a corner, after she lost Kirika, after she lost *everything*! Do you *want* to see what she has left *now*? What traps she set up in event of her death? She said she was hiring someone - maybe she left instructions 'in event of my death'?"

"And I'll stop-"

"*I'm not done,*" you snap. "And Sayaka. If she wanted Sayaka dead? Sayaka would be dead. She wouldn't have used a fire, or left some note *justifying* it. Maybe we have to kill her, and Kirika too. I don't want to *have* to do that. But if it comes down to it? I'll... help you with it. But the big question is - *why?* She must have a reason, and I'm not supporting her, but there *must* be a reason! If we know that, then we can stop whatever she has planned."

"Homura, please, *trust* me," you plead. "Yes, Oriko killed Madoka, once. If it comes down to it, if they're a danger to those we... know\... I'll help you. But before it comes to that, I want to *try*, Homura."

Homura sighs, anger seeming to fade somewhat. "Kindness and idealism have no reward. You know what's happened, so you know that," she says tiredly, closing her eyes. Just as you're about to protest, though, she holds up a hand, and you bite back any comments you might have made. "I... I've trusted you this far, and..." she swallows hard, "you've done better than I have, so far. I, we'll try this your way."

---

- [ ] Say something
- [ ] Get Kirika's Soul Gem
- [ ] Start healing Oriko
- [ ] Write-in

---

Hmmm. Homura has a modicum of *trust* for you. How odd.
