# Direct Intervention pt. 36

You blink. You can only *guess* how much it cost for Homura to say that. You open your mouth to speak, but have to swallow the lump in your throat first. "Thanks, Homura," you say. "I... well. Thanks for trusting me."

Homura looks away, eyes sliding down to the floor. "You've said it before, I haven't had much success doing things my way."

You shake your head ruefuly. "You'll succeed eventually, Homura. I'd just like it to be *this* time," you say, reaching up to grab her hand on your shoulder and give it a light squeeze.

Homura doesn't meet your eyes. "Give me a moment," she says, withdrawing her ha-

-nd from your shoulder.

You shake your head, clearing the disorientation away. Homura's bound a short length of rope around her waist, and she's holding the other end of the rope to your hand. You close your hand, grabbing the rope, before tying it around your own waist.

"These aren't Mami's ribbons," Homura notes. "We'll have to stick close, since it won't magically extend."

"Mmm," you agree. "It should be safe to leave Kirika alone, right?"

"Yes. She didn't do anything until we freed her from the timestop," Homura nods.

"OK, then. Nothing for it," you say, and walk over to Oriko's fallen body. You carefully kneel down beside her, putting your knee on an unbloodied patch of ground, and gingerly reach out to put a tentative finger against her Soul Gem. Colour blooms, in vivid crimson stains across white silken cloth, to no reaction at all from the seer. Not that you'd really expected any, you suppose.

You pull her Soul Gem off its collar mounting, wincing at the way her head, barely attached by scraps of skin and flesh, flops around. What remains of her head, anyway - it looks like Homura scored a hit that passed right through her jaw and out her neck.

"Ugh," you say as the Soul Gem comes free, cringing a little at the blood staining your fingers. "Here, Homura. I think you should hold this."

Homura, looming behind you, takes the Soul Gem wordlessly.

"We need to get Oriko to at *least* a 'not obviously dead' state, for Mami's sake if nothing else," you muse out loud. "She'll still be *her* when healed, right?"

"She should," Homura says tonelessly, eyes going distant. "Miki Sayaka once healed Mami back from something similar."

"But Sayaka is, *was*, a dedicated healer," you say. "We're not."

"She *should*," the time traveller repeats.

You shake your head. "Point taken."

You arrange Oriko's head so that it more or less aligns with where it should be, and dredge your instincts. Intent becomes knowledge, and you summon a gentle glow to your hands that you apply to the void where there should be a neck. Homura's hand joins your own, purple and white light working together to repair the grevious damage.

It's fascinating, if slightly stomach churning to watch the healing process. Shards of bone from her shattered jaw and spine move of their own volition, drifting back to their proper places and fusing back in, ossiferous fibers weaving agonizingly slowly across the gaps to reform vertebra. Over top, muscle and connective tissue knit together with agonizing slowness.

After a while, you rock back on your heels, feeling your joints pop as you ease from the fixed position. You're nowhere near done yet, but you'd estimate that perhaps half an hour, perhaps more, has passed. Opposite you, Homura similarly ceases her healing, the healing light fading.

"Cleanse?" you offer.

Homura nods silently, and offers you the back of her hand. You reach for the corruption in her Gem as well as yours and pull it free. You purse your lips as you consider how much corruption there was in Homura's Soul Gem - there's perhaps a little more than you'd expected from Homura, before looking at the tremendous cloud of Grief you'd removed from Oriko, stationary in the time stop, but still pulsing malignantly in your 'ordinary' puella magi senses.

Homura follows your gaze. "Maybe you should get rid of that," she suggests.

"Yeah, probably for the better," you say. This is the biggest free floating cloud of Grief you've ever had - the few times you tore apart Witch Barriers and Witches themselves, you'd instinctively formed your wings of corruption. You shake your head, and gesture at the cloud, reaching out with your powers to compress it down into marbles.

... There are a *lot* of marbles, now.

**\[] Continue with the healing
\- \[] All the way
\- \[] To a 'not dead' state
\- \[] To a 'not visibly dead' state
\[] Talk to Homura
\- \[] Write-in topic
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Two hundred sixty three grief marbles, eight in your pocket, seventeen scattered over the ground.

The distinction between 'not dead' and 'not visibly dead' is in the little things like heartbeat and brain activity.
