# Direct Intervention pt. 37

You roll your neck, feeling your vertebra crackle, and a vague, irreverent thought strikes you - Oriko would probably be wary of doing that for a while. You chuckle out loud, drawing a questioning look from Homura.

"Just a funny thought," you say, shaking your head.

Homura raises an eyebrow at you, but lets it pass when you don't elaborate.

"We should probably get back to healing," you say instead, and crack your knuckles before leaning forward again. You're already calling the healing light to your hands to apply to Oriko's body. Homura huffs out a sigh, switches the seer's Soul Gem to her other hand, and similarly reaches out to continue the healing process.

"So anyway, Homura," you say, after spending a few minutes healing - there's only so long you can be fascinated with watching flesh knit itself together with agonizing slowness. After the first few minutes of fascination, it's all the glorious anticipation of watching paint dry, all the stomach-churning tenseness of watching grass grow, combined with the scintillating visuals of watching a dentist at work.

She looks up at you, her hand still scanning methodically across broken flesh.

"I was wondering, do you have any favourite foods?" you ask.

She looks at you blankly. "No," she replies shortly.

"No, come *on*, Homura," you admonish. "Let's just talk about something that's *not* related to meguca for once."

"Meguca?" Homura asks, brows creasing slightly in perplexity.

You blink, puzzled yourself, and shrug. "Dunno. Just a short form that seems to fit. Maybe I picked it up from... before? But no changing the subject. Favourite food, Akemi Homura?" you grin encouragingly at her.

She frowns at you. "What does it matter?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Short update, but I'm thinking that *you* should answer this.
