# Direct Intervention pt. 40

You sigh, and rock back on your heels, releasing the healing light. You gesture for Homura to do the same. It's not like taking a few minutes off from what looks to be an hours-long process will hurt much.

Homura sighs, and similarly sits back.

"Look, Homura," you say gently. "You know Madoka better than I do. *Why* does she contract?"

The silence grows, as Homura refuses to meet your eyes still. "Madoka contracts because she *cares*. She cares for everyone she knows, including *you*. She can see you suffering too, you know, and she wants to help. So *let* her! Let her care, let her help *without* having to contract. You *know* her."

Homura breaks the stony silence she's lapsed into. "It's better if she sta-"

Your eyebrows shoot up, and you give her an incredulous look. "Is it? Is it really? You can honestly tell me that you can convince Madoka that magical girls aren't human? And you think that that would be *better* for her?" you interrupt her. "*You* should know by now that Madoka will see right through that, and she'll dig and dig and not give up until she finds the glimmering person underneath."

"We *aren't* human!" Homura snaps vehemently. "We- *I*- we are magical girls." Her pronouncement rings with conviction, with grim finality, turning what would be a rather silly statement into a statement of fatalistic acceptance. "We fight and we *kill* for our Wishes. I-" she makes a convulsive jerking motion at Oriko's corpse, taking a shuddering breath.

"I don't deserve it. Madoka doesn't deser- I just want her to be safe," Homura whispers.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Yeah, I got nothin' t' say.
