# Direct Intervention pt. 41

"Heh. If you weren't *human*, Homura, you wouldn't *feel* so strongly," you snort at the time traveller. "I mean really, why would a 'monster'-" you make the requisite air quotes "-*care*? And you care, Homura, not just because 'you are fighting for your Wish', but because you care about *Madoka*, not some nebulous ideal."

"And more importantly!" you raise your voice as she's about to comment. "*Madoka* sees *you* as a person. She'd say that you deserve better, and nothing you will ever do will convince her otherwise. I *dare* you to tell me I'm wrong," you grin at the time traveller.

Violet eyes blink up at you.

You'll take the silence as agreement, or at least, not *dis*agreement.

"And you know what? She'd be perfectly right," you say, hopping to your feet and walking over to Homura. "Oh, I know you've fought and killed, and I know a lot of it... Why, oh why do you think you don't deserve better? Wishes don't change you. What you had to do, the fighting... No. You are still *you*, Akemi Homura. What can change the nature of a person, after all? Not an alien, not a Soul Gem, not a Wish. No."

You smile at her, still staring up at you. "So yes, Homura. You absolutely are human. In my eyes, in Madoka's eyes. And you *do* deserve better. Nothing you've done, or been through, means that you don't deserve to be happy, or-" your speech hitches a moment. Dare you, dare you not? "-be with Madoka. And there, we -and I *do* mean *we*, Homura- can find a way to keep her from contracting."

A sharp intake of breath from Homura, and her eyes widen a little. A hit, then, *some* reaction, at least.

You hold out your hand to her with a smile, echoing your earlier motion. "I meant what I said earlier, and I mean what I say now. I wouldn't say it if I *didn't* believe. You've trusted me this far. Will you trust me again, Homura?"

A long silence as the two of you maintain the tableau - you, standing in front of her, holding out your hand, Homura, still crouching. Around your feet, Oriko's blood has pooled and coagulated into a gummy, dark layer you're glad you can't really smell, thanks to the timestop.

She shies back from your hand, swaying back in place while watching you warily, and you frown. She can't be *that* resistant to the idea, can she?

Then again. You *are* fighting against the accumulated trauma of *years* of crushing horror that would have probably ground lesser people into fine powder.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Writing conversations where one character is virtually silent is... interesting.
