# Direct Intervention pt. 42

You lower your hand, and instead drop to a crouch in front of Homura. You make sure she's looking at you, and you smile at her. "Look... Homura. You're stubborn, but *so am I*." A flash of... *something*, in Homura's eyes, a tightening of her lips, there and gone again. "It's only been a few days, and hey, can you say things aren't looking up already? And there's quite a while left until Walpurgisnacht arrives."

"Magical girls can do more than just survive and kill. I've seen it... no. I *know* it. *Oriko* sees things. *I?* I *know* it is so," you say with conviction. "There *is* hope for something more. Something better. And I'll keep fighting until you can see it too. Magical girls fight for their Wishes, right?"

A slight flinch with that reminder.

You raise your eyebrows. "*My* Wish was to control the grief of magical girls and Witches alike. I see no reason my Wish shouldn't apply to *mundane* grief. Maybe in a less literal sense, but nevertheless."

"Just you wait, Homura," you say with a grin tugging at your lips, which are, by now, somewhat dry. "I'll make a believer out of *you*, too. Maybe not immediately. Not today. But someday, no matter how long it takes."

Homura looks at you for a long ten seconds, before blinking and looking down. Her hands move in slow, familiar motions, reaching behind her shield, and she withdraws a bottle of water, wordlessly holding it out to you.

... huh. You look down at the bottle, and then back at Homura. Accepting the bottle, you crack the seal and raise it in salute to her, taking a long, welcome, drink.

"Thanks, Homura," you say, rising to your feet again.

---

- [ ] Continue talking
- [ ] Write-in
- [ ] Continue healing Oriko
- [ ] Small talk?
- [ ] Write-in

---

What tangled webs we weave.
