# Direct Intervention pt. 43

"Anyway. Shall we get back to work?" you ask, gesturing at Oriko's body.

Homura shrugs, shoulders rising and falling minutely. She reaches out, though, and begins to apply the healing glow of her magic to Oriko again.

As before, the healing is fascinating, if gory, to watch, but the novelty wears off quickly, and you begin looking around, and - huh. You look down again as you pass you sweep your hand back across. It's unsurprising, you suppose, but it looks like the bullet also shattered Oriko's left clavicle, somewhere along the way. Then again, collarbones aren't critical, so you leave it aside for now.

A fragment of stone, sticky with blood, worms its way out of the wound and falls to the ground. The expected ping of stone on tarmac doesn't come, though, as the stone freezes, claimed by the timestop.

The silence is annoying. Not exactly unnerving, but just... annoying. Eventually, an idea occurs to you, spawned of the thwarted stone. Maintaining the majority of your focus on the healing, you tilt your head minutely, and waft a few of your Grief marbles out of your bag. The remaining marbles clack as they slide against each other, and you smile.

The marbles drift into the air, impelled by your will to float into a neat little circle. You knock two marbles together. *Click.* Homura glances up sharply at the two marbles, and then frowns at you when she recognizes them.

Hmm. You commit a little more thought to it, letting your hands move on instinct. Your will focuses down on the marbles, *pushing* on them, until they *change* to your satisfaction. Still made of Grief, still the same deep purple that's almost black, still the same dull throb in your other senses... but definably *different*, now.

You knock them together again. *Ting.*

And you grin. One marble stretches, flowing like a liquid into a thin wire in midair. And you tug at its center, plucking it. A single note, pure and flawless, rings out.

Well, *mostly* flawless.

It's a single harmonic, certainly, but not of any particular note. But *that* you can fix.

A little tweaking of the tension, of the density, a twist of your will...

A pure C note.

And you can work with that.

While a lazy smiles curls across your face and your hands continue to play across Oriko's broken neck on autopilot, the Grief marbles you have mutate and blossom into an array of strings stretched across the air. A resonant soundboard to get the sound *just so* is a little trickier. Secondary harmonics take a little more tweaking.

Scales come easily.

Melody and chords come a little harder, but the strings *dance* to your will.

With the movie you'd watched barely hours before still fresh, a particular [song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACsrDhqNg80) comes to mind.

"What are you doing?" Homura asks, finally.

"Making some music?" you shrug. "I can stop it if it bothers you."

"... No. It's fine," Homura replies.

"Well. I'm taking requests, then," you say.

Homura doesn't respond to *that*, so you begin mentally wandering along genres of songs, letting the music burn away the time as you heal. You notice that when she thinks you're not looking at her, Homura bobs her head along with some of it.

It's nearly three hours, and several cleanses later, before you're certain that Oriko's head isn't going to fall off if she shakes her head too hard, and that her spinal cord is reconnected.

By this point, however, she is looking *distinctly* pale - rather literally exsanguinated. A good deal of blood is pooled on the floor, and congealed into an unpleasant, tacky layer, and her formerly white costume is covered in ugly brown crusts of dried blood. Her non-critical wounds are still unhealed - bullet wounds and broken bones alike.

"OK," you say, letting your last [song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xicrYXktgSo) die away. "How do we do this last bit, Homura? Heart, and brain?"

"Restarting the heart is... simple," Homura says, grimacing and eyes going distant for a moment. She moves a hand, glowing with magic, over Orikos heart, and simply thumps her hand on the seer's chest. The effect isn't exactly dramatic, but the sluggish trickle of blood from her wounds seems indication enough.

"Huh," you say, looking at that. Despite having seen Homura do it, you're not sure *how* she did it, exactly. Perhaps it's something she learned along the way? "And her brain?"

Homura shrugs. "I am not absolutely sure. I've only seen Miki Sayaka do it." She doesn't look terribly bothered by this.

**\[] Try it yourself
\[] Ask Homura to try it
\[] Seek help from
\- \[] Who?
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Three hundred ninety seven grief marbles, eight in your pocket, seventeen scattered over the ground, sixteen in your impromptu musical instrument[.](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-75#post-362541)
