# Direct Intervention pt. 44

"Alright, then," you say. "We'll try this together?"

Homura shrugs indifferently, but silently reaches out with a hand glowing with magic, as do you.

Your magic sinks in, past blood-matted hair and skin and bone. You brush against what you know to be *Homura's* magic, cool and *old* and somehow cyclic. You briefly wonder what *your* magic feels like, to her.

In your other sight, Oriko's body is *empty*. It lacks the sullen, crackling storm of *magic* you've learned to associate with puella magi bodies - there is no *animation*. Even her Soul Gem seems quiescent, somehow curled in on itself in a way that makes your eyes water to look at too closely.

There is a *shape*, though, a shadow of how things should be.

You metaphorically stare at it, feeling, at the same time, Homura probe around it.

And then you see it - a tiny, nearly imperceptible flicker of magic. Just as quickly as you see it, it's gone again.

"Huh," you say out loud. Homura glances at you, brow crinkled in a frown. "Thought I saw something," you answer her unspoken question, gesturing at Oriko's body.

The time traveller shrugs, and returns her attention to the task. You focus on where you'd seen the spark.

Nothing, for a minute, and you begin to think that that had been wishful thinking.

... and then, there it is again, a pitifully weak crackle of magic. It fades away again, even as you jerk upright in surprise.

"There's something there," you tell Homura. "A... I'm not sure how to describe it. A little bit of magic, pulsing on and off."

"A heartbeat?" Homura suggests.

"Maybe? It's very slow," you say.

Homura shrugs. "Speaking of heartbeats, hers is almost stopping again."

You lay a finger against Oriko's deathly cold neck, feeling for her pulse. It's slow, and weakening again - at a guess, magic powered or not, hearts aren't supposed to work with what you'd guess is about half the body's blood *outside* the system, and nor is Oriko actually breathing, since her brain isn't even working.

None of these are actually *necessary* to keeping a puella magi alive, you figure, what with the Soul Gem and all, but you suspect it would contribute to how

Another gleam of magic, guttering away into oblivion, and you frown. It's getting weaker, fading faster.

You *think* you could simply brute force that faint flicker back to full power.

---

- [ ] Brute-force it
  - [ ] Write in beginning of interrogation
- [ ] Do a proper repair
  - [ ] Write in beginning of interrogation
- [ ] Write-in

---

I'll note you still have your impromptu musical instruments around, if you want to provide musical accompaniment.
