# Direct Intervention pt. 46

A grimace flits across your face. Is she *really* going to keep giving you the runaround? Here, and now?

Well.

You'll bring out the big guns, as it were.

You force a chuckle. "OK, then. Speaking of things necessary... Kirika. You know what her Wish did to her, don't you? You let her contract for *your* sake. So tell me. What do you think is going to happen to her because of what *you* did, hmm?"

Moving very slowly, Oriko levers herself to a seated position, drawing her knees to her chest and hugging her legs to herself. With Homura's white-knuckled grip on the pistol, you feel secure enough that you don't stop Oriko.

"Was that supposed to be a surprise?" Oriko asks. "I know what she did for me. She wasn't happy - she *couldn't* be happy as she was, or she couldn't have *made* her Wish." The seer meets your gaze. "I love her no less for it."

"She's *unstable*," you snap.

"She's *quirky*," Oriko counters, raising an eyebrow at you. "Wishes do what you *want* them to."

"Are you *serious?*" You stare at her.

"Perfectly," she says.

You're silent for a moment. "You never answered my question about Sayaka."

"I don't want her dead," the seer replies.

"You're still not answering my questions," you say pleasantly, keeping a tight rein on your temper. "*Enough* with the games. It's *over*, unless you still want to play games with your life and Kirika's on the line. What *scared* you so badly? I don't *want* to kill you. But if that's what it takes to stop you? I *will*, Oriko."

"I will not live to see Walpurgisnacht, one way or another," Oriko observes matter of factly. "I do not think that you will be the one to kill me, but I could be wrong."

A frown crosses your face. Does *nothing* faze her?

"And Kirika?" Homura asks, voice as cold as a grave in winter.

*That* gets a reaction, the tiniest flinch.

You capitalize on that. "I know you want to save the world. Have you ever considered that *your* ways of doing it are *wrong*? You don't *need* this... thisness!" You wave your hand, a single encompassing gesture. "*You* can't win alone, you know. Or you know what? Maybe you can! Maybe you win this one. Then *what*, Oriko? You said it yourself - you're not long for this world. You die. *Kirika* dies, or better yet. She Witches out! The system remains. Kyuubey remains. Witches remain. What the *hell* next, Oriko?"

"I leave my legacy," she says simply. "I will leave behind me a world that is not bettered, but *will* be better." Her eyes go wide for a moment, and she sucks in a sharp breath.

"Legacies?" you snap. "What would your *father* say, if he knew what his daughter was doing? You're not saving the world. You're not even living up to your father's legacy. You're just another delusional magical girl, blindly following. You made a Wish to know the meaning of your life, and you blindly follow." You pause, and take a sip of water from the bottle Homura passed to you earlier. "Have you ever considered that you might be wrong? That your powers might be flawed, seeing as it led you *here*?"

"This isn't ideal," she admits, frowning a little. "You know, there are things I would rather talk to *you* privately about," Oriko observes off handedly, as if she's making a great concession.

You *laugh*. "You want to *bargain*, Oriko? Here, and now?" You sweep your eyes over her battered, blood stained form, and then look at Homura, still tightly gripping the seer's Soul Gem. Violet eyes meet yours, gaze steely.

"There *is* one thing I could do, here and now, to tear down everything," Oriko informs you, leaning forward slightly, sea green eyes boring into your blue ones. "I have *not* done it. There are other things I would rather not say, here."

---

- [ ] Kill her
- [ ] Continue talking
  - [ ] Here, with Homura
  - [ ] Without Homura
    - [ ] How?
- [ ] Write-in

---

A few answers.
