# Direct Intervention pt. 47

"And if we don't talk about it here and now, the Incubator will hear everything you have to say. Are you willing to take *that* chance?" you ask.

Oriko shrugs fractionally. "A fair point," she concedes.

You grind your teeth in irritation. She *still* isn't answering! Fine. Round three, then. "You know, I wonder why you say there's no chance you'd live to see Walpurgisnight? Honestly, we might not have found you two here, tonight. Or, you know, we could just take your Soul Gems with us. You'll live. Sort of. Or... you and Kirika could have just *left*. So why is there no chance?"

Oriko's nodding along with your statements. "We *could*," she says. "But we *won't*."

"Bull*shit*, Oriko," you snarl at her. "What, are you saying there's no free will?"

"Oh, there is," she acknowledges. "But some choices simply *aren't*."

*Ugh*.

"Are we that different?" the seer asks. "Would you not throw yourself in front of a Witch, or worse, to save someone?"

You snort. "I'd be surprised *you* would," you rebut. "Your actions to date..."

A shrug. "Necessary."

"For *what*, Oriko?" you snarl, leaning forward. "My patience is running *out*."

"As I said, I *would* be willing to tell *you*," Oriko says.

You rub your face in frustration. Briefly, you contemplate stealing her hat - if nothing else, to get a reaction out of her. You discard the thought, though. "How about a show of good faith? What have you and Kirika been doing after you contracted?" you frown at the seer. "You hired someone. Who and why? Where have you been going?"

She *laughs*. Demurely, with one hand covering her mouth, and it turns into a harsh, racking cough a moment later -that one bullet hole through her lung, you figure-, but she *laughs*. "I lied."

"You *what*," you say blankly.

"I wanted you in Kasamino," Oriko says. "So I lied. Or, rather, I asked Kirika to lie to you. Then we went on a date, and after that, bought some fertilizer."

Your hands clench into fists. You were *thoroughly* played, it seems.

"I have a suggestion," Oriko announces blandly, eyes sliding aside to glance at the time traveller. "You should ask Akemi Homura how the *last* time loop went, though you should probably be careful about it."

In the timestop, without other noise, you can hear metal creak as Homura's hand tightens on the pistol grip, now pointing directly at Oriko's Soul Gem. Violet eyes set between furrowed brows and a fierce scowl meet yours, a silent question handing in the air.

**\[] Let Homura fire
\[] Talk her down
\- \[] Write-in
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Yep. She lied. Mind you, she's actually showing some of her cards here.
