# Direct Intervention pt. 48

"Homura, *no*," you say. "She's baiting you. I don't know why, but she *wants* you to shoot her." Homura relaxes her grip, removing her finger from the trigger and laying it flat alongside the trigger guard.

"I'm not," Oriko denies. "I've seen the result of *not* asking."

You growl under your breath. You are getting sick and *tired* of her smug attitude. "Hmm. I don't know how *you* know about the loops, but let's talk about a different one first, shall we?" you ask, fighting to keep an even tone and leaning forward. This time, *you* hold Oriko's gaze with your own, staring her down.

"A loop where everyone met your dear friend *Margot* because *you* thought it'd be a brilliant idea to make Kirika your own personal killer, and didn't even notice what it did to her head," you smile mirthlessly. A tiny flinch from Oriko, again, a small twitch of her arm, still wrapped tightly around her knees. You'll take *that* as a victory.

"A loop where you got yourself killed for no reason, hurt Mami, Homura-" you can see the time traveller tense a little, out of the corner of your eye, and you hurry on "-and everyone else, committed mass murder... for... what? *Here* we are- not then and there. And the way I see it? You're heading down the same path, and making the same mistakes."

"I-" Oriko licks her cracked lips, a flash of pink on her suddenly pale face. "Who's Margot?"

"Who do you *think*?" you retort. "*Kirika's* Witch."

"Ah."

You raise your eyebrows at her. "Oh, that's rich. You care about *that*? After going all," you force a nasal tone, and continue, "'Oh, I'm going to die a noble death and I don't care', and *that* upsets you? You never considered what would happen to her?"

Oriko swallows. "I did."

"And you found *that* acceptable?" you ask.

Silence.

"Well then, I guess I'm done talking about another time and another place," you say. "You want to talk?" You glance at Homura. "Homura, could I have Oriko's Soul Gem? And the pistol? Could you pull back a bit, and bring out a sniper rifle?"

"You believe her?" she asks, expression hardening.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

An interesting revelation or two, perhaps.
