# Direct Intervention pt. 50

Your hands twitch, and you barely restrain yourself from doing something rather precipitous. "Homura can't hear us. *No more secrets, Oriko*," you snap. "Each loop makes things worse. I know, she doesn't. So?"

You lean closer to Oriko. "*What else*, Oriko. Is it linked to what happened last loop?"

"I don't know." A faint crease appears on Oriko's forehead, and then her eyes widen slightly. "I don't always see the entirety of events, just *enough*."

"That's awfully convenient for you." You glare at her. Is she lying? You're not entirely sure, though you don't *think* so.

She shrugs. "There is no way I can prove it to you. The feathers annoy me too."

"Ugh," you grunt at the nonsequitur. "Why are you stalling? You asked to speak to me alone, and here we are! *Why are you doing this?*"

The ghost of a smile flits across her face. "Waiting for the right question. 'Why?' I could not work with you. Not if *you* are to work with Akemi Homura."

"And you *want* that?" you ask incredulously, gesturing at her current, rather battered state.

"You need to," Oriko states simply. "And that is something else that Akemi Homura may not know, or she would mistrust *you*."

"And that is something else I want to know," you reply, imitating her tone. "Why do you want that? Are you trying to assemble a team to beat Walpurgisnacht, or something?"

"Walpurgisnacht will be defeated," the seer says, eyes glinting in the odd, muted illumination of the time stop.

"*Answer my questions*," you snap.

"No. No, I am not," Oriko replies.

Huh. An actual straight answer. But... "*And*? I believe I asked *two* questions."

"Because you working with Akemi Homura can change the course of destiny," Oriko says.

You squeeze your eyes shut in frustration, pressing your fingers against your eyelids. Back to this cryptic nonsense *again*, after *one* straight answer.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Since it was brought up, ruling on telepathy - it's like dialing a phone. You can reach anyone, but you have to have a good idea of *who* you're trying to reach. Also, coobie is the base station.
