# Direct Intervention pt. 51

Deep breaths.

Inhale blue, exhale red.

Deep breaths.

You could ask about that off handed feather comment, but your patience has just about run out, now.

"Oriko." Your voice is as cold as the depths of arctic winter. "You seem to be labouring under a misapprehension. I would *prefer* to know what your reasons are, and why you're doing this, largely so that I can justify sparing you."

You get one leg under you, and rise smoothly to your feet, looking imperiously down at Oriko. "But I *do not need to know*. Whatever it is you've seen? I am *perfectly* willing to go in blind, if the alternative is putting up with a delusional idiot with a god complex who relies entirely too much on her precognition *despite* knowing it's imperfect -that's you, by the way-, then no *fucking* thank you."

"Last chance. Make sense, or we're done here." You half turn, one hand still holding on to the reel of thread connecting her to the time stop.

A long moment of silence, as Oriko's jaw works. You wait, seeing if she'll actually be useful now.

She swallows, hard, and finally opens her mouth. "I wish you the best of luck, Sabrina. Bury me with Kirika, if you can arrange it," she says, voice shaky. "We *will* meet again."

You drop the reel of thread, and turn away from the seer, letting the anger drain away, and just staring blankly at a piece of rubble on the floor for a bit. You sigh.

What the *hell* is her problem?

Moving slowly, you reach for the rope tied around your waist, and start following it back to Homura. When you reach the point where two ropes were tied together, you wearily bend down and untie them, before starting to coil the longer one up as you walk.

The time traveller meets you halfway, having seen you head back. You silently hand her both ropes -the one still tied around your waist, and the one used as an extension-, and she stows the longer one in her shield, juggling the silvery blue jewel that is Oriko's Soul Gem. After storing the rope, she reaches up, and carefully unpins the badge that is *your* Soul Gem and hands it back to you.

She meets your gaze, purple eyes against blue. "Well?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Short update, but nothing much to say, anyway
