# Direct Intervention pt. 52

You accept your Gem, swaying a little in place. You feel... drained. Furious. More than a little demoralized.
Despair.
You did *everything* to give Oriko a chance. And she threw it back in your face to... what? Stoke her ego? Fuel her martyr complex? You have no idea.

Homura studies your face. "You should clean your Gem," she says quietly, grabbing your hand and pulling it up to your eye level.

You-

Your Soul Gem is tarnished with a sheen of corruption.

You sigh, and reach out with your power, siphoning off the Grief.

As the Grief leaves your gem, you straighten, feeling a little better. Not much. Moving slowly, you refasten the badge on your longcoat.

"More cryptic bullshit," you mutter in response to Homura's earlier question. "Nothing I didn't already know, and nothing at all of value. I gave her an ultimatum - no more riddles or I walked." You laugh mirthlessly. "Guess which one she chose?"

"I see," Homura says.

"Do you? I genuinely didn't want to kill her, if I could help it. And she threw it all back in my face. So, well! I guess we're done here!" you say, faux cheerfully. You reach for the pistol you took from Homura earlier, now stowed in your pocket, and hold out a hand for Oriko's Soul Gem.

The time traveller doesn't give it to you. "... I'll do it," she offers.

A horrible, horrible idea strikes you. "No. I," you swallow. "I have an idea. It... I. It's a. I. We'll get Kirika's Gem. One last bluff. The only thing that's affected Oriko so far was Kirika's Witch. I..."

The time traveller stares at you.

"It's a bluff," you say. "I don't wan- We *need* to know what she knows. We- I-" you break off, and shudder, feeling sick to the stomach. You can't meet her eyes.

Homura sighs. "I don't understand why you are so intent on this." In an echo of your earlier action, she gently pulls the pistol from your unresisting hand. "Clean your gem, first."

...

Her hands are warmer than yours, now. Or rather, *your* hands are colder than hers.

You take another shaky breath, and pull on the corruption in your Gem without looking at it. Even so, you *know* how much you accrued in this one minute; almost as much as you had throughout the entire conversation with Oriko.

A hand claps you on the shoulder, and Homura gives you a wordless nod of acknowledgement. She's stowed the pistol at some point, you notice.

The two of you walk back to where Kirika is, you looking around uneasily. The black haired magical girl is lying face down, making it easy for you to grab her orangey-yellow -citrine- Soul Gem.

... It's already fairly tarnished. Nowhere near critical yet, but noticeable.

You leave it as such, walking over to Oriko. Still frozen, one good arm wrapped around her knees.

Homura seats herself on the same piece of rubble she was on earlier, and you sit in front of the seer.

Balancing Kirika's Soul Gem in the open palm of your hand, and keeping the amorphous cloud of Grief you'd cleared from your own Gem hanging above you, you grab the reel of thread again.

Colour floods back in to the seer, and she shakes her head in disorientation before putting her hand to it. She looks at you, and *smirks*, before covering her mouth genteely. "I wasn't expecting to meet you again so soo-"

She sees the Soul Gem in the palm of your hand, and her eyes dart up to the bilious cloud hanging above you. "Oh, *no.* No. No, no, no."

"*Yes.*" Grim finality. "I *will* do it, Oriko. I don't want to. I really, *really* don't want to. *Give me a reason not to.*"

"I... OK. Just... please, don't," Oriko says, breathing hard and fast. She's trembling, full body quivers. "Do you *know* how muc- yes, of course you do. P-*please*."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

You never had to go this far.
