# Direct Intervention pt. 53

You nod, trying not to shudder, and letting your hand drop. Relief suffuses through you, and you give Oriko a slow nod. "So *talk* to me, Oriko. It's all I ask. It's *all* I've been asking for all this time. Just talk and tell me *why*."

Oriko's head is buried in her knees, and her voice is muffled. "You already know it. Something *is* coming. Not Walpurgisnacht. Something *bigger*."

"Oriko, *no more games*," you snap, the hand with Kirika's Soul Gem rising again, to remind her. You stare at your own hand, which is trembling violently. Either way, though, Oriko's not looking at you to notice, though Homura does, you think.

"*I don't know!*" Oriko bursts out, head finally coming up to stare at you. "I *don't know.* It... my visions simply *stop* when I try to look directly at it! If it gets to *me* or Kirika..." She breaks off, and shudders.

"Not a Witch?" you ask carefully. *Not Gretchen, or Homulily? Or your own Witch, whatever that might be?*

"It's not," Oriko replies. "A Witch, *you* can kill."

You sit back. That leaves very few options that you can think of, then.

"Right," you say, putting that aside for now, for the more immediate problems. "What *else* have you been doing?"

She shakes her head slowly. "I talked to Kirika. I went on a date with her. And she still wanted to make the contract. Chitose Yuma... I told Kyuubey about her. The fire, the bomb, were the first... overt things I put in motion."

"That's it?" you ask.

"Yes," Oriko says, and chuckles bitterly. "You *shouldn't* have found me tonight. It's enough. Not complete, but *enough*. Enough that you *can* win. I hope."

"Oriko." Warning tone clear in your voice.

"I *can't* explain it," the seer says. "Not... I can *see* the futures. I can see how they change, and... I've done enough."

"Enough? You burned down Sayaka's apartment, and, what, had Kirika push Hitomi down the stairs?" you snap.

"... yes," she admits.

You sigh. At least you're getting answers, now.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Oh dear.
