# Direct Intervention pt. 54

"Alright," you say. "Alright. Let's talk about the thing you saw. What *can* you tell me about it? When and how does it arrive? What does it do?"

She shudders, a full body quiver. "My visions, I. I cannot *see* it, or anything it does. I can see the aftermath. The worst of it." Oriko licks her cracked lips again, a sudden flash of pink on her still pale face, and she turns to Homura. "You, dead. Kaname Madoka, dead."

A flash of raw fury, across Homura's face, and her hand tightens on the grip of her pistol.

"Not any more," Oriko adds hastily. "That much has changed."

"Which part?" Homura demands, voice deadly quiet.

"Both are vastly less likely," Oriko says.

Homura's jaw remains tight. "And you did this."

The seer shrugs, a tiny rise and dip of her shoulders.

"And speaking of things done..." you say. "What, was your plan to help us 'win' to gather magical girls to fight it?"

"Yes. No," Oriko says. "*You* will end this, one way or another, but you need... tools."

White hot rage flares. "*Tools?* Sayaka and Hitomi are *not tools*. They are *people* who *you* hurt."

Oriko shakes her head frantically, and then winces, putting her hand to the side of her neck. "If Miki Sayaka wasn't moved, she would be dead in..." Her eyes unfocus for a moment. "Two...? weeks."

"*What?*" you demand. "How- no, I'm guessing you can't tell me."

"I cannot. If I try to look... A blanked spot, and then... Miki Sayaka's corpse. Completely unblemished," she mutters, eyes distant and brows furrowed. "It doesn't happen *now* that she's not at home."

"I'll echo Homura's question. And you did this," you say, voice flat.

"Yes," she replies, tone even.

"And..." you glance at Homura, trying to convey an apology. "What about Kaname Madoka?"

"*It* tends to blank her out," Oriko says. "She... doesn't seem to die, under... most circumstances."

Homura subsides, still looking unhappy.

"Hmm. That's good," you say. "And what did you mean about us changing destiny?"

"Just that. I see *futures*," Oriko says. "Things *change*, where you go."

"Feel free to start making sense again." You narrow your eyes at her. "Aren't *you* changing things?"

The seer swipes tiredly at her face. "Can *you* explain how your powers work?" she asks. "There are... *layers* to the future. Things change, in the most fundamental way, when you act. I tried to corral your actions."

"Right," you say skeptically. It seems awfully conveninent, how Oriko can now spin a sob story of how everything conspired against her; that she can't see the future properly while being simultaneously convinced of the rightness of her action. Then again, she doesn't seem to be lying, as far as you can tell. Maybe she's just that arrogant?

Maybe.

"Moving on, then. You expected me to kill you, back there," you say.

Oriko nods slowly.

"And you said that 'we would meet again'," you frown at her.

"Yes. It was to happen, sooner or later, but it was a certainty," the seer says slowly. "It's not *this* meeting."

"And let me guess, you don't know the specifics either. Moving on..." you mutter in annoyance. "What was next on your plans? If we hadn't caught you?"

"Hide," Oriko answers promptly. "We were going to hide for a few days. Shizuki Hitomi will be released from hospital tomorro- today, and return to school tomorrow. Kirika was to return to school to... befriend her, a few days later."

"Befriend her," you echo.

"Yes. It would have made her amenable to manipulation," Oriko says.

"Ugh. Ok, next question. You mentioned feathers. What about them?" you ask.

"I did? Oh. When my visions are blocked, there tend to be feathers. Black, and long pinioned," Oriko says, looking puzzled as to why you're asking.

You suck in a sharp breath. That's... not good.

"Hm," you say noncomittaly, keeping your face blank. Your eyes dart to look at Homura, but she doesn't seem to have reacted to that at all. "OK. Do you have any idea about who I am, where I came from, or why I have amnesia?"

Oriko looks even more puzzled. "I see the future, not the past. You have amnesia?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Questions, and answers. Ho hum.
