# Direct Intervention pt. 55

"Yes, I do," you answer absently, thinking furiously over the whole *feathers* issue, and more pertinently, how to defuse Oriko safely without having the whole situation blow up under you. "Was wondering if you knew anything about that, but I guess not..."

"You have amnesia," Oriko says flatly, looking faintly perturbed.

"Yeah, yeah... And *you*, Oriko, were working from just your visions, weren't you?" you say. "*I*, Oriko, woke up knowing *precisely* what has happened, *including* what you've done in previous timelines, and not very much else. So believe me when I tell you this: Your way? Doesn't work. Ever."

Homura *twitches*. Tightly controlled, and barely noticeable, but with you watching both Oriko and Homura closely, you catch the motion.

You sit back, interlacing your fingers in front of your face. "Between Homura and I 'changing destiny', the feathers interfering with your visions... did it ever occur to you that you *can't* control everything on your own? That you *can't* rely on your power to plot out everything with just you and Kirika?"

You wave a hand, and then return it to the front of your face. "The one loop I mentioned before?" Oriko flinches at the reminder. "The Incubator used you, and, well, things didn't go well. We're here, and not *then* - I'd say that speaks for itself. The one loop you did the best... you didn't try for any grand plans, or plots. You just did your best do... well, do good."

Homura frowns at you, and you shoot her an apologetic look. *Later.*

"Incubator?" Oriko asks.

"*Kyu*ubey. In*cu*bator," you say. "That's *its* designation. In any case... let me ask. Did you ever consider just *sending me a warning?*"

"It doesn't work. For example, without a clear and present threat, you fail to convince Miki Sayaka, barring extraordinary changes," Oriko denies. "Kaname Madoka..." her eyes slide over to Homura, and she cuts off the rest of the sentence.

"And the fact that I and Homura 'change destiny'?" you demand, picking at the obvious flaw.

"Would you take my word for it? Delivered in a letter to your doorstep?" Oriko counters. "Let alone..." she trails off, and very pointedly does not look at Homura. She pauses for a moment, and, looking as if she's fighting with herself, asks, "Could I have some water?" She gestures at the bottle lying by your side.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Pride.
