# Direct Intervention pt. 57

*This* loop will," you counter calmly. "And I know. What that Oriko did was *monstrous*, but *this* Oriko isn't *that* one," you say, cupping one hand as if weighing an invisible object, and then discarding it.

You watch her face twist. She's obviously conflicted about the whole thing.

"Here and now, Oriko may have saved Kyouko," you say quietly, jerking your thumb over your shoulder, "I hate the way she did it. Oriko is smug, self righteous, and maybe even delusional. But she's *trying* to help, and thought she was saving people, including Madoka."

You frown. "We can use that, if nothing else. And if she's right about what's coming... Something *new* is coming, Homura. We might just need her power. We don't need to *trust* her to use her power."

"She could be lying to make you spare her," Homura argues, gesturing at Oriko with her pistol. "She's admitted to lying already."

"Is she, Homura? You saw the way she acted," you say quietly, meeting her eyes. She glares back, just as fiercely. "I don't think she was. She's just a teenager, you know, not some master manipulator, for all she *pretended* to be. And you heard her. She barely even cares about Madoka except for how she affected her visions. Oriko isn't a threat to her."

"How can you be so sure?" Homura asks, stubbornly sticking to her point.

You shrug. "In the end, I can't be *absolutely* sure," you admit. "But... if we have to kill her here and now, then we have to kill Kirika, too. Mami isn't going to like that. She's just starting to trust you again, you know? We... I don't want to hurt her, if there's another way."

You swallow. "I don... I'm asking a lot, I know, but I want us to *win*. Walpurgisnacht, this new threat, whatever. Please... just trust me a little further."

Homura puts her hand up to her face, covering her eyes, and remains that way for a minute. You stay silent, letting her work it out herself.

"Fine," she says quietly, voice flat and emotionless.

---

- [ ] Talk to Homura
- [ ] Tell her your plans
- [ ] Ask her...
- [ ] Back to Oriko
- [ ] Write-in

---

Homura is being *remarkably* accommodating, don't you think?
