# Direct Intervention pt. 58

You chuff out a breath. "I've said it before, but thank you, Homura. Thanks for trusting me... I'll make it up to you somehow, OK? I wish I knew what your favourite food is... or maybe music?" You glance around at your musical instruments formed of Grief, and then back at Homura. "I guess not."

The time traveller shakes her head, looking vaguely perplexed. "There's only one thing I want."

You frown at her. "Protecting Madoka, yes... Defeating Walpurgisnacht and whatever else is to come. But I'm going to do that *anyway*... Ah, you know what? I owe you one big favour. Anytime, anything, really, so long as it's within my power." You wag a finger at her. "And cleanses and things like that don't count."

Homura scowls. "Just help me save Madoka."

"I'm doing that *anyway*," you say. "Listen, I *really* appreciate your trusting me on this. I know it can't be easy for you."

She looks away, and sighs.

You shake your head. "Just... keep that in mind, OK? Anyway, moving on... Here's what I have in mind for Oriko and Kirika." Homura looks back at you, and leans forward, listening intently. You wave a hand at Oriko. "They're injured, and badly. They're not really in any shape to fight Witches, or really to do anything. So I propose that we keep them under house arrest - I visit every few days to debrief them. Since Oriko is so terrified of Witching out, and they can't get any Seeds on their own... I think that should work."

Homura nods slowly. Taking that as tacit approval, you go on. "I think we need to give her one or two Grief Seeds for emergencies. Of course, she doesn't get to go out or anything, and if she *does*, we hunt her down and stop her for good, this time."

The black haired girl nods again.

"Homura," you say, rising to your feet. You move over to her, and sit beside her so that the two of you aren't talking over a gap, so that it doesn't feel like you're interrogating her. You don't have the chunk of broken concrete she has to sit on, and the difference puts you roughly on eye level with her. "You're *sure* you're OK with this? Not just the plan, though you're free to disagree with it if you want, really! And... everything else we've learned? What Oriko said, about something else coming?"

Homura is silent for a moment, laying down Oriko's Soul Gem and the pistol before she takes a deep, shuddering breath and begins speaking. "Things are *changing* so *fast*. I... I don't know what to *do*."

"They're changing, yes," you say steadily. "For the better. It'll all be worth it, in the end."

"I hope so," Homura whispers.

"It will be," you insist.

The silence draws out, as you let Homura work through her thoughts, and you find yourself contemplating the damage you did to Oriko. Her left arm is completely gone below the elbow, crudely healed over into a stump, and her right arm remains broken. Crusty brown stains and ragged tears showing smooth, healed flesh adorn her white costume, dried blood from the bullet holes you'd closed over.

Homura breaks the silence. "Sabrina?"

"Hmm?" you half turn to smile at her.

"Could I have a cleanse?" she asks, showing you her Soul Gem. You frown a little, seeing how much corruption she's built up, but answer, "Of course," and siphon off the Grief.

You collapse the Grief, along with the cloud you've been holding the entire time, into the trademark marbles and pack them away in your bag.

Looking at Oriko reminded you of something, though. "Homura?"

She glances at you out of the corner of her eye.

"So... what exactly happened last loop?" you ask tentatively. "But." You hold up a hand to forestall her answer. "I trust you, Homura, and if you're not comfortable with it, you don't have to tell me."

You let the silence drag again.

Finally, she starts speaking slowly, dredging up painful memories. "Mami died to the sweets Witch. Charlotte, you said? Miki Sayaka made a contract, and saved Madoka from the television Witch. Kyouko Sakura arrived from Kasamino, and I made an agreement with her to gain her assistance for Walpurgisnacht. Miki Sayaka Witched out shortly after."

You stare at her, a chill running down your spine. That sounds *remarkably* familiar. "Did Kyouko and Sayaka meet and fight in an alleyway? And then you intervened?"

Homura nods slowly, staring back at you. "So you *do* know about it. You told me that the television Witch might trap Madoka again."

"Wait. I'm sorry, Homura, but this *is* important - did Madoka make a Wish?" you ask urgently.

She swallows painfully. "Yes. She... she wished that everything could be fixed. And then she killed Walpurgisnacht, and..." Homura trails off, and her shield bearing arm makes a little gesture, grabbing at empty air.

---

- [ ] Back to Oriko
- [ ] Discuss what to tell Mami
- [ ] Write-in

---

Four hundred forty nine grief marbles, eight in your pocket, seventeen scattered over the ground, sixteen in your impromptu musical instruments.
