# Direct Intervention pt. 60

You bring your hand to your chin, thinking furiously. You *really* don't want to lie to Mami too much... "OK. How's this? We tell her that it was... really bad, and we *just* managed to save Oriko, and then we cleaned up a bit, since no one should have to see that kind of thing if it can be helped."

"Clean up?" Homura asks.

You gesture at the congealed, gummy pool of Oriko's blood. "Yeah. We really *should* do some cleaning up, if we can, in all seriousness, *nobody* should be subjected to this if it can be helped." You're mildly surprised that nobody's thrown up so far, though the timestop helps - the muted colours and smell makes it less real, less *present*.

Glancing at Homura again, the sight of the brown flakes of dried blood reminds you of your own injuries. You peer down at yourself - four long, jagged cuts along your torso, and one of Kirika's claws stuck in your thigh. The torso injuries are mostly scabbed over in layers of crusty brown, but... every time you move, the scabs crack and start bleeding again.

The claw still embedded in your leg... you prod at it gingerly, and little trickles of blood well out, running down your thigh in little rivulets. Your formerly grey pant leg is stained a mixed, deep red and brown with your blood.

... you're glad you shut off your sense of pain.

You're also pretty sure that this *isn't* the proper way to do this, but magic makes up for a lot, you muse, wrapping your hand around the base of the spike and *wrenching*. The claw comes free with a spurt of bright red blood, and you immediately apply your other hand, already glowing with the brilliant white of your magic.

White is joined by purple a moment later, Homura shuffling over to help. You smile gratefully at her, and she nods back.

You frown, still letting your thoughts run. "And if Mami continues asking... we tell her the truth. We healed Oriko up from serious injuries, thanks to magic keeping her alive... And when she woke up, she refused to explain, so... I scared her into talking." You're not in the slightest proud of that.

Homura gives a measured nod.

It takes a while, and a few cleansings, to close up the wounds - they were fairly deep, particularly the one on your thigh. Your costume's still ripped, though. "You didn't get hurt, did you, Homura?" you inquire, looking over the other puella magi. Her costume's unblemished, as far as you can see, and she shakes her head, *no*. "Alright, then," You look around at the pools of blood. "Time to start cleaning up, I suppose."

There's a familiar clicking noise beside you, and you turn to see-

...

"No, OK, I have to ask," you say, putting a hand out to stop Homura. "Why a mop. Thread, rope, boiling water, instant noodles, weapons, yeah, sure. I can understand why you might carry those. *Why* a *mop*."

Homura looks down at the mop she's incongrously holding in her hands. "... I might need one?"

You stare at her, and she stares back, equally baffled.

You blink first. "... OK, then. But that won't be necessary. let me try something first."

Your Grief marbles, all four hundred and eight residing in your miraculously durable sling bag, explode into the air in a cascade, rising to drift aimlessly around you in a loose, hovering ring. You add to them the ones from your cleansing, and recall the ones scattered over the ground and the ones forming your musical instruments.

You frown, concentrating briefly, and their structure *shifts* to form loose flakes which you send scouring over the ground like a malevolent sandstorm hued in deep purple, scraping and scooping up the sticky remnants of blood.

Under your direction, the storm scatters the blood in inconspicuous places, and leaves behind a significantly cleaner pavement. You get up and walk around, surveying the area to make sure that you haven't left behind any major spots of blood. Finally, you turn to look at Homura, who's also wandering around, still holding the mop.

"There," you say in satisfaction, reforming the Grief marbles, which pour into your bag in a reverse torrent. "Looks about right?"

Homura nods, putting away the mop. "Yes."

"Alright, then," you say. "Time to bring in Oriko, and finish this. It's been a long..." you grumble for a moment. "I can't say it's been a long day, but it's been a long day. And don't forget, Homura, you're still sleeping over at Mami's apartment after we're done here, Oriko or not!" you finish with a grin.

Homura nods again. "Fine."

"Right." You walk over to where Oriko's sitting, and bend down to grab the thread.

Oriko continues to gulp the water down, before spluttering and nearly choking as she notices the discontinuous jump. She hastily puts the bottle down beside her, glancing around at the now clean-ish ground.

"You know, Oriko," you inform her, looking down at her. "It's not that I don't comprehend the idea of sacrifice 'for the greater good'." You draw the requisite air quotes. "But the thing about 'hard decisions' is that you *damned* well do your best to make it unecessary. It's well and truly worth it to spend the effort to a future *without* hurting people."

"But you know what? You're probably right," you say, frowning down at her. "Sending me a letter, or talking to Mami or similar without alienating Homura would have been hard to accomplish. But if your goal is for a good end for the world, where nobody needs to die or Witch or anything? *That's* how you do it. That's how *I* am going to do it," you say.

"Your powers can still do a lot of good," you say, looming over Oriko and simply staring down at her. "Good that doesn't have to come from treating people like tools and sacrificing them. We will find another way. And if *you* want any part of this... *you* are going to work with *us*."

Oriko can't meet your eyes, but nods reluctantly. "I. I accept. I will not live to see it, but I concede to your terms. Kirik-"

"Yes." You interrupt her. "We are going to keep the *both* of you under house arrest, as it were. I'm afraid we won't be healing you fully, because quite frankly, we don't trust you. I'll drop by every day or two to cleanse your Soul Gems."

Oriko bows her head. "Acceptable."

"Then we're bringing Kirika in, and *you* are going to calm her down. Then we're ending the timestop, and you surrender to Mami. No more plots, and I'm sure you know what will happen if you put a foot out of line again."

The seer swallows, and nods.

"Alright, then," you say, turning to look at Homura, now standing at your elbow. She nods at you, gaze steady.

---

- [ ] Proceed with plan
- [ ] Last minute modifications?
- [ ] Write-in

---

Four hundred eighty three grief marbles, eight in your pocket.

PS. If no further modifications, this will please me greatly, because it'll let me end this chapter on a nice, neat sixty entries. OCD ho!
