# Surface Tension pt. 1

"Alright, that's settled then," you say absently into the awkward silence that's fallen. You're focusing rather more on knitting Mami's broken bone together. To your surprise, Homura joins you, adding the purple glow of her magic to yours.

Between the two of you, it doesn't take *too* long to finish repairing Mami's arm, and she smiles gratefully at you *and* Homura.

You look over at Oriko and Kirika, now simply cuddling and talking quietly to each other. It would be kind of sweet if it wasn't for, well, circumstances. "Oriko."

The seer looks up at you. "Yes?"

"We'll escort you back to your house," you say. "You're to stay there. You don't have any food left, so... if you have any money, I'll buy it for you. Tomorrow."

A brief flash of confusion crosses Oriko's face, but she nods slowly. "I had a warehouse prepared as a hideout," she volunteers. "If... it's not too much trouble, I would prefer my belongings and food be moved from there."

You glance at Homura and Mami, but they don't say anything, content to defer to you. You turn back to Oriko, shrugging. "Fine. Tomorrow," you say, emphasizing that last word with a raised finger.

"Very well," she says. She pauses, struggling with a thought, before adding, "It's not trapped."

You raise an eyebrow.

The seer shrugs.

You look at Mami, who shrugs at you, and then at Homura, who doesn't visibly react, face set in an annoyed scowl.

"... right," you say finally. "Can you move?"

"You broke my *knee!*" Kirika complains, with a considerable amount of ire.

... you did, didn't you? You'd just about forgotten about that. That's going to be a problem.

Mami sighs, beside you, and raises her now healed hand. Golden ribbons spring forth, weaving into a stretcher beneath Kirika. The girl squeals in surprise, flailing a little at the sensations of the ribbons winding back and forth under her back. Oriko rises as the stretcher bears Kirika up, remaining by the side of the conjured stretcher.

"That works," you say, smiling at Mami. She returns a slightly strained smile. "Let's go, then."

The trip back to Oriko's house is made in tense silence, and you make the last leg of it on foot, just as you did before. Thankfully, this part of the city's relatively quiet, and you don't encounter anyone - though if you *did*, more trouble for Kyuubey, then.

You notice Oriko giving you an annoyed look, and she deliberately looks at the glass back doors. The *open* glass doors.

"Really? You're upset over that?" you say flatly in response. Oriko turns her nose up at that, snubbing you.

Mami unceremoniously deposits Kirika on the sofa, the berserker blinking orange eyes up at you, looking vaguely puzzled. You crook your hand, casually cleansing the Grief from everyone's Soul Gems, forming a fairly substantial cloud of Grief which you collapse into your marbles.

There's a quiet clinking noise as Homura drops a single Grief Seed on the table in their living room.

You look around the house. "Right, then. I'll be back tomorrow," you announce. "And Oriko, remember. One step out of line..." You leave it hanging.

"I understand," she repeats.

A thought strikes you. "Oh, and *you*, Kirika, should call home. Your parents have been staying up and waiting for you," you say reprovingly.

Kirika sits up on the sofa, awkwardly pulling herself up. "Oh. I didn't think about that," she says. "Um... I should, I suppose."

As the three of you leave, Oriko very pointedly closes the door and locks it behind you.

You let out an explosive sigh as the door closes behind you, and the three of you take to the roofs again. "Mami?" you call over the rushing wind.

"Yes, Sabrina?" Mami asks, dropping back to talk to you.

"Umm," you start. "I should apologize, Mami, for leaving your healing for so long. So, um. I'm sorry."

"It's OK, Sabrina. I understand."

You frown, bending your legs into a crouch as you land on a roof. "Mami..."

"No, I really do," Mami says, turning to smile at you as the two of you push off the roof. "Saving people's lives is important."

"... yeah," you say, smiling back. "You're OK with all this? Keeping Oriko under house arrest and all?"

"It's for the best, I think," Mami replies. "Are *you* OK? You... said you had to threaten Oriko."

You shudder, grimacing unhappily. "I did," you confirm. "It... she was..."

Mami puts her hand on your shoulder, holding you back as you land. When you pause, she drags *you* into a hug. "Oh, Sabrina," she mumbles into your shoulder. "I'd... hoped that you could be shielded from that kind of thing."

"It's... OK, Mami," you say, hugging her back and drawing comfort from her. "I knew what I was getting into."

She holds the hug for a little longer, before stepping back. You smile at her, and she answers hesitantly. Casting about for a way to change the subject, you gesture at Homura, who you can sense has stopped and is lurking on the next roof over, presumably to give you your privacy.

"By the way, you're OK with Homura staying over, right?"

"Of course," Mami says. "Um... I only have one guest room, though, and we're slee- using it, right now."

"I doubt she would mind sleeping on the sofa?" you suggest.

"No..." Mami disagrees. "That's hardly right. We could... move into my room?"

You shrug, even if it's not really noticeable with the two of you on the move. "I don't mind. But this time, *I'm* taking the matress. No arguments - it's *your* bed."

"OK," Mami agrees.

"Hey Homura!" you call out to the other member of your party, jumping across to her building.

"Yes?" she asks when you're abreast of her.

"Well, I suppose in the end it's up to you, but are you staying the night?" you ask, as Mami lands just behind you.

"... yes," Homura says.

"Good," Mami says, in sync with you saying, "Excellent." You blink, and grin at Mami, who smiles back.

Homura shakes her head, eyes darting between the two of you. "Let's go," she suggests, walking to the edge of the roof and jumping towards the next building.

Mami giggles, and follows.

The journey back to Mami's apartment goes by quickly, and the three of you untransform with some relief, dismissing the dirt and grime of the night's hunt with magic. Exhaustion sets in hard and fast, now that you're metaphorically off the clock and let yourself *feel* it.

"Anyway, Hom-" Mami yawns enormously, demurely covering her mouth. "Homura, you'll be sleeping in the guest bedroom. Just give us a moment to move the mattress out..."

As you and Mami manhandle the mattress to her room, you see Homura eyeing said mattress throughtfully, glancing between you and Mami as she does so. She doesn't say anything though.

"Uhhh." You rub at your eyes, now threatening to force themselves closed whether you like it or not. "So, that's the bedroom. G'night, Homura."

"Good night, Sabrina. Good night, Mami," Homura says. A shaky smile appears on her face, rough and unpolished, but a smile nevertheless. "... thank you both."

"Of course, Homura," Mami says sleepily, walking over to her room. "Good night."

"Yeah, no worries," you mumble, stumbling behind Mami.

You're asleep almost before your head touches the pillow.

---

- [ ] Wake up at the usual time
- [ ] Wake up late
- [ ] Morning activities
  - [ ] Write-in what
- [ ] Write-in

---

Five hundred and twenty grief marbles, eight in your pocket. Coobie hasn't shown its ugly white face.
