# Surface Tension pt. 2

Waking up is *hard*.

You've only got two mornings to compare *today's* waking up to, but you never had this much trouble yesterday. Or the day before.

You moan into the pillow.

But you're awake, you suppose.

You roll over to stare blankly at the ceiling for a bit.

Then you slowly, laboriously lever yourself upright, and look around, blinking muzzily at the unfamiliar room. Oh, right. You moved to Mami's room, last night. You turn to look at the blonde.

Mami's still sleeping soundly on her bed, gentle smile fixed on her face, and you take a moment to smile at that, before reluctantly kicking the blanket off and rising to your feet. You yawn with jaw-cracking force as you glance at the clock, barely visible by the light from streetlamps shining in through the window.

Hmm...

If you rush, you can probably still finish breakfast and lunch in time for Mami and Homura to make it to school. Or if Homura uses her timestop to let Mami and herself eat. You grin at the thought as you wander into the bathroom to clean yourself up, absently turning on the corridor lights as you bump down the corridor.

After freshening up for the morning, and feeling considerably better, you carefully toe the guest room door open, and poke your head in. You peer at Homura's blanket covered form, and nod in approval. Still sleeping, which is good.

You then cautiously pull the door shut, and walk into the kitchen. You can't imagine that your cooking compares to Mami's, but you *can* cook. You find that you *do* know how to cook in a rush, too, darting away from the chopping board to tend to the stove for a moment, and then to the mixing bowl to pour out another helping of batter.

Pancakes are quick and easy to make, since Mami doesn't seem to have *any* bread in the house. Differences of culture, you suppose - the typical Japanese breakfast tends to be rice with side dishes. Your two breakfasts with Mami so far have been *a*typical in that regard, really.

Finishing the stack of pancakes, you turn down the stove for the time being and hurry over to Mami's bedroom. The bedroom strikes you as pleasantly warm, after the relative chill outside. "Mami?" you call, putting a hand on Mami's shoulder.

"Mmmm," the blonde mumbles, rolling away, before blinking awake. "Sabrina?" she peers at you. Realization dawns a moment later, and her eyes widen. "I'm late!" she exclaims, bolting straight up.

Laughing, you raise your hands to calm her down. "Not *too* late," you say. "But... you're sure you want to go to school today?"

Mami gives you an odd look, before promptly being forced to smother a yawn. "Of course I am."

You nod. "Breakfast is ready. I'll go wake Homura up," you say, standing.

"Oh... you shouldn't have," Mami says.

"We've been over this before. And it's not like *I* have to go to school," you tease as you walk out of the room, and over to the guest room. Behind you, you can hear Mami let out a fond 'hmph!', followed by the sound of the wardrobe doors opening.

You quickly move over to the guest room, and push the door open. Gently setting a hand on Homura's shoulder, you shake her a little. "Homura." In response, she bats aimlessly at your hand, clearly not awake yet. You grin unashamedly in the darkness, but shake her a little more firmly - she *does* need to wake up. "Homura, time to wake up," you say, a little more loudly.

Violet eyes blink open slowly, confusion swimming across her face for a moment before it's subsumed beneath her usual mask. "'morning, Homura," you say, wiping your grin off your face. "Breakfast's ready."

Homura slowly sits up, stretching a little like a cat. "... thanks," she says quietly.

"No problem," you say.

When you wander back into the kitchen, Mami's at the stove, and frying the salmon. "No! Bad Mami!" you bark, hurrying over and bumping her out of the way with your hip. "Eat your breakfast, I'll handle this!"

Mami *pouts* at you, and you grin back, pointing at the table, with pancakes stacked high. She rolls her eyes and sits down, beginning to eat. Your pancakes probably aren't up to *her* standard, but they're good enough, you think.

Homura comes in a few minutes later, having washed herself up, and slumps over in a chair. You glance back at her, and then at Mami, who's already loading up a plate with pancakes, which she then pushes over to the time traveller.

Homura accepts the plate, and begins eating without fuss.

"So I take it you're both going to school today," you ask rhethorically as you begin scooping rice into a lunchbox. Mami has, unfortunately, only two lunchboxes, and you think you'll use one for Homura.

Homura nods, and Mami replies, "Yes, Sabrina."

"Mmmm, OK," you say in response. Finishing up, you seat yourself, pushing the packed lunchboxes across to Mami and Homura. The time traveller stares at the lunchbox in front of her, fork pausing on its way to her mouth. Her eyes flick to you, and you quirk an eyebrow at her.

"Just take it," you say with a touch of asperity. Mami giggles to herself, covering her mouth demurely.

Homura seems to think about it, before finally accepting. "... thank you." The fork resumes its journey towards her mouth.

Mami smiles approvingly at you, sliding another plate loaded with pancakes over to you, which you promptly begin digging into. You eat in silence, enjoying the pleasant domesticity of the scene - just a nice breakfast between friends, and about as far away from the life-and-death fighting and negotiations of last night as you can get.

Speaking of which, however... you telepathically reach out to Madoka and Sayaka.

"*Madoka? Sayaka?*" you call.

Madoka responds first, sounding worried. "*Sabrina! What happened?*"

"*Mmmrph? Sabrina? Madoka?*" Sayaka responds, a moment later.

"*Oh, Sayaka! Are you OK? Sabrina said you're in the hospital!*"

"*Uhhh yeah. Woke me up. Sleepy,*" Sayaka mutters back.

"*Oh. Sorry, Sayaka,*" you respond, reddening a little. "*Didn't think about that. Uh, anyway, just want to let you know that we have good news for you, I'll be dropping by later today, OK?*"

"*Mmm good news. That's good... Sleep now. Bye,*" Sayaka mumbles back, and you get the distinct sense of her disconnecting.

"*Ah... Well. Anyway, Madoka, Sayaka and her family are fine, they're at the hospital,*" you say. "*You're going to school today?*"

"*I am,*" Madoka says.

"*Alright, so will Mami and Homura. See you later,*" you reply.

"*Bye, Sabrina!*" Madoka says. She sounds more cheerful now, certainly a lot more than she was at the beginning of the call.

Mami's giving you a questioning look. In response, you say, "Uh... I was just checking in on Sayaka. Turns out I woke her up... She's fine, by the way."

The blonde nods, golden ringlets bouncing. "Can't have been an easy night for her. For any of us, really," she says, with a depreciative little smile. She turns to Homura, the smile becoming more genuine.

Homura smiles back hesitantly, and you break out in a wide grin. Progress!

Mami glances at the clock. "We should be moving, now\... it's getting late. Unless we use Homura's time stop to walk to school!" she finishes with a chuckle.

"That won't..." Homura trails off, and looks at you. Mami similarly turns to look at you.

"... it's not *that* late yet," Mami decides. "We'll just have to walk a little faster."

"... agreed," Homura says.

You see them both off at the door, and return to finishing up your breakfast. When you're done, you sling on the bag with your stash of Grief marbles, and step out of the house, carefully locking it up behind you, before wandering into an alley and hopping up to the roofs.

You decide to head over to the hospital, and luxuriating in the cool, clean air rushing past your face, coat flapping behind you as you soar through the air. The sun's barely up, yet, and the sounds of the early morning rush filter up to you, masses of people travelling the streets in tremendous thundering herds.

As you bounce over the rooftops, you let your brain meander. A memory drifts forth before your mind's eye as you land shoulder first in a roll that smoothly transits into a forward run - that of Mami enchanting the bat Sayaka brought into the Barrier.

Hmm...

Might be worth further experimentation, later, you muse as you approach the hospital.

You wander along the rooftops, hunting for that one Barrier you'd sensed yeste- this morning. It feels far longer ago, really, that healing session and talk with Oriko had *really* dragged out.

You find the Witch a few minutes later, now nestled on a rooftop near the alley you'd found it in yesterday.

---

- [ ] Go in
- [ ] Maxim 27: Don't be afraid to be the first to resort to violence. (Mulch everything!)
- [ ] Maxim 28: If the price of collateral damage is high enough, you might be able to get paid for bringing ammunition home with you. (Mulch less of everything.)
- [ ] Go elsewhere
- [ ] Write-in

---

Japan's school culture is funny, and can basically be summarized as 'if you aren't hospitalized or dead, you're going'.
