# Surface Tension pt. 3

A morbid thought strikes you, before you enter the Witch Barrier. You detach your *own* Soul Gem, holding it up so that it catches the light. Silvery filigree, just visible thanks to the early morning sun catching the gem just so, winds across the surface of the white gem to form an odd logo: a line striking through a crescent shape with rays emerging from the point of impact.

Huh.

But you're delaying. You steel yourself, examining your own Soul Gem.

*Dedolere.*

That's... latin... you think? You're not sure what it means, precisely.

Still... that's your morbid curiosity settled. And *that* particular name had better never see the light of day, you think as you repin your Soul Gem in its location. You take a deep breath before stepping into the Barrier: your first solo Witch hunt.

Reality tears away.

You suppress your instinctive revulsion at the greasy, *nauseating* feel of the Witch's Barrier as your feet touch down on the floor. Which is, apparently, rubber, or something rubber*y*, you muse, tapping your feet against said floor thoughtfully. Done in a rather boring shade of light grey, stretching out into the distance. Walls in a horrid beige colour rise around you, and bright, white light shines down from above.

An enormously deep, bass sound echoes throughout the Barrier, startling you into a jump into the air. You land in a low, ready crouch with a warhammer in your left hand and a few marbles of Grief orbiting around your right, looking around warily - you don't have Mami or Homura to watch your back, this time.

Another heavy bass beat follows it.

Even with your eyes scanning around, head moving in quick jerks to cover a larger area, you don't see anything coming.

...

Huh.

At any rate, you decide that the best defense is a good offense, and without anyone around to worry, you feel that you can afford to cut a little loose this time. And really. There's no real reason *not* to attack - in all your experience and what you *remember*, puella magi aren't afraid in the slightest to be the first to resort to violence.

You roll your neck, feeling a few vertebra pop, before flexing your fingers. The motion is punctuated by another two of those tremendous bass noises, but you put that out of mind for now.

You wave your right hand in a grand gesture, and rip a swathe of Grief out of the nearest wall. The wall melts and flows like water, colour and cohesion alike torn away, swirling into the wings of corruption you instinctively feel comfortable with.

Instead of the howling shriek you'd expected in response from the Witch, though, the *noise* comes again. And again, and again, and again, now in a staccato double beat-

*Lub-dub. Lub-dub. Lub-dub.*

... Oh.

Instincts and your *other* senses has you spinning, wings flicking up to cross in front of you. They barely shudder as a tremendous bladed mass slams against you, and you shove back powerfully, taking a step back and unfurling the wings with a snap, edges biting deep into the attacker.

Shards of bright, silvery steel fly as your wings slam back against your foe, and now that it's pushed back a step, you see that it's a scorpion, if scorpions were waist-high and made of a churning mass of scapels and scissors and a bright, glaring lamp for a tail. Behind it, scuttling down the brightly lit corridor toward you are dozens more, a clattering, clinking *tide* of glinting metal and sharp edges.

You grin. You *can* take 'em.

You gesture with both your hand and your hammer like a conductor at a particularly frantic orchestra.

... come to think of it, you could provide background music for this fight. It hadn't really taken much, or really any attention to keep the music going back when you were healing Oriko.

... nah.

You meet the oncoming wave of surgical scorpions and *break* it, advancing at a fast stride, footsteps keeping tempo with the thundering heartbeat echoing throughout the Barrier. You leave in your wake not even the corpses of the Familiars, but ashen flakes drifting forlornly instead. The amount of Grief under your control balloons rapidly, your wings brushing against and carving trails into the walls as you wander deeper into the Barrier.

You take a left turn -*through* a wall, which warps and flows away from your advance- and step into the Witch's sanctum.

It's... well, you should have expected it, what with the *heart*beat. The Witch, the abyssal wellspring of Grief, is a heart. A titanic, fleshy, pulsing human *heart*, dangling from the ceiling on equally enormous blood vessels. The entire chamber is a fleshy, organic mess, and... those *are* ribs, forming arches across the cathedral roof.

You just came in through one of the fleshy walls - and it's beginning to drip blood on you, which you dive away from, wings of corruption flaring wide to loft you to the side. They're not quite big enough to outright carry you into the air yet, though you wonder about that...

The heart's beating hummingbird fast despite the size. A freely dangling blood vessel the size of your *head* lifts itself and points at you, crimson blood gouting out like a firehose. You probably don't want to get hit by that.

This time, you plant your feet, glaring up at it. The spray of blood *vanishes* mid-air, rippling into the deep purple of Grief under your control. Under your feet, the ground squirms, and a crust of skin begins creeping up your feet in an immobilizing attempt - you casually dissolve that, too.

You look up at the Witch contemplatively, and a thought severs it from the ceiling. The enormous fleshy mass falls to the floor of the chamber with an enormous thud, and promptly begins sinking in, fleshy tendrils worming up from the floor and weaving into a translucent sac over the heart.

You're having none of that, and start ripping *into* the heart, flaying layers off of it.

The heart *thrashes* in place, rocking and trying to get *away* from you. You almost feel sorry for it... but you're pretty sure it's not actually sapient any more.

You hope.

... the heart's anatomically accurate, you note as you dissolve the tricuspid valve, right down to the heartstrings. And...

You pause. Is that...

There's the barest echo of a Name. *Hildegard*. It comes from what you recognize would be the pacemaker cells of a normal heart, the cells which tell the heart to keep beating. You redouble your efforts, shredding the heart into drifting particles of fine ash, and leaving the pacemaker neurons to twitch spasmodically on the floor.

... you're not sure *what* you've done. Well. This is *it*, the barest core around which a Witch forms.

You look around cautiously, but all the fight seems to have gone out of *everything*. No Familiars, and the entire chamber is quiet save for the slow dripping of blood.

...

You could just crush it, you guess? Or maybe something else?

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

So, yeah. What do? If you decide to put the Witch out of its suffering, by the way, write-in your next activity, too.
