# Surface Tension pt. 5

You take a deeper breath, and straighten. You're not going to chicken out, not when there's perhaps a chance here to save the girl here, however slim.

Maybe you need to give it a container. Soul Gem, Grief Seed... this thing should be *inside*, you reason, remember the selcuphral voice whispering *Dedolere* with a shudder. It's like someone walking over your grave...

You're delaying.

You know what you *want* to do, but you have no idea *how* to do it. Something like what the Incubators did to Homura, another time and another place... an isolation field. A seal which you can slap onto Hildegard... you discard your warhammer, letting it fade away as it leaves your hand, breaking down into its constituent magic.

And there's the key, perhaps. You reach out with one hand, drawing a circle in the air with a finger, and you... let magic follow the motion, forming a loop in the air.

It dissipates, much like the hammer did.

You cock your head, looking thoughtfully at the spot where the circle hung. That didn't work. Maybe if you started with your native powers? A cloud of Grief billows forth from your wings, hanging obediently in the air in front of you. A twist of your will shapes it into a thin, spherical shell, but still one of Grief. You frown at the shell. It's Grief instead of magic, however nebulous a concept that is, and you can change its properties...

Then again, a Grief Seed is formed of Grief too, you think, and you have no idea how to achieve what the Incubators did. Maybe if you had more time to experiment in peace.

You look down at the remains of Hildegard, absently siphoning the small amount of Grief it's generated in the meantime while you were expecting. At your behest, your sphere of Grief splits in half at the equator, and swoops to scoop up the stringy mass of the Witch. Your right thumb twitches, instinctively feeling like you should be mashing a button to ensure the proper containment of the Witch.

... well, it's not like it's actually struggling. You have some stringy stuff that is the Witch Hildegard contained in a sphere of Grief.

Nothing's happening. Maybe if you tried to feed it some magic? You spin out a bit of magic, very carefully poking it at the Witch. To your other senses, the Witch goes *berserk*, tiny spikes of Grief bubbling off the squirming bundle.

You flinch. *No.* Not again.

Your hands clench into a fist, and the sphere implodes, smashing the physical form of Hildegard into a pulp.

And-

With your sense focused as they are, you can feel Hildegard go quiescent, and a protective shall - the Grief Seed forming around it. The Barrier wavers, dissolving with the defeat of its Witch into its constituent Grief, rushing inwards in a torrent that pours endlessly into the Grief Seed. You release the Grief that forms your wings to go with it.

You're everted back into reality without ceremony, standing on the roof, with the Grief Seed near you, still encased in the sphere of Grief.

With a gesture, you move the sphere closer to you and let it crumble back into marbles, the Grief Seed falling into your outstretched hand. You hold it up to the light, squinting at it. It's... Grief. Very compressed Grief, into a tiny, inky black sphere embraced in filigree, and at the very center...

*Hildegard*.

You sigh.

"*What were you trying to do, Sabrina?*" a familiar telepathic voice asks you. You turn, to see the white form of Kyuubey sitting on the edge of the roof.

**\[] Drop kick the Incubator
\- \[] Into the street
\- \[] Over a building
\- \[] Over a skyscraper
\- \[] Over the river
\[] Eat the Marshmallow
\- \[] Toasted over a fire
\- \[] S'mores!
\- \[] With red wine
\- \[] With white wine, you barbarian
\- \[] With a soft drink, you doubleplusungood barbarian
\[] FLESH OF FALLEN ANGELS
\[] Long throw the Incubator
\- \[] Against the wall
\- \[] See how many richochets you can get
\- \[] Skipping stone across the river
\[] Light the Incubator on fire
\- \[] Tail first
\- \[] Ear first
\- \[] Head first
\- \[] Feet first
\- \[] "Hey Oriko, what accelerant did you use?"
\[] Pet the Incubator
\- \[] Make it do tricks
\- \[] Feed it treats
\[] Punt the Incubator
\- \[] Into a garbage truck
\- \[] Off a building
\- \[] Off a skycraper
\- \[] Into the river
\[] Shred the Incubator
\- \[] Tail first
\- \[] Ear first
\- \[] Head first
\- \[] Feet first
\[] Sit on the Incubator
\[] Talk to the Incubator
\- \[] Write-in topic**

\=====​

\[Q] [Winged Knight](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-253#post-1700526)
