# Surface Tension pt. 6

*Ugh*. This is *not* the time for the Incubator to be nosing around... You frown at Kyuubey in annoyance, even as it gets up and stalks over to you like the cat it imitates. You drop the Grief Seed in to your pocket to clink against the one Mami had given earlier.

"I was killing a Witch," you reply, deadpan. "That's what we magical girls do, isn't it?"

"*Ah, I see,*" Kyuubey replies, winding between your ankles. "*I detected some unusual readings from this location, would you know anything about them?*"

"Hmm... Well, I was using my powers to kill the Witch," you say, trying to figure out whether it *knows*, or whether it's probing. Unfortunately, the Incubator's poker face... Well, you're *not* playing poker with it. "Anyway, where have you been? We missed you so very much, Kyuubey."

The Incubator tilts its head, looking up at you. "*We talked just yesterday afternoon, Sabrina,*" it says. "*I'm sorry, but I can't spend *all* my time with any one person, even as unique as you are.*"

Huh. It *feels* much longer than that. "Aw, you *do* care," you say, mock cheerfully. "Still. Lots of other girls to bother?"

"*I do not bother girls,*" Kyuubey replies, sitting up and begging to be picked up. You ignore that.

"Eh," you shrug. "Anyway. I've got something for you... four hundred or so somethings, really." You spread both arms dramatically, and Grief marbles explode out of your sling bag in a dark purple, clacking cascade that spreads out to form the vertices of a geodesic sphere that nearly covers the roof. For that touch of flair, you have them orbiting slowly, some marbles drifting in their own little orbits around other marbles to form an enormous, ever shifting pattern.

Kyuubey goes still, even its lashing tail halting completely. "*Did this come from your conflict with Oriko?*"

You shrug. "Eh. Here and there... it kinda accumulates," you say, waving your hand airily.

"*I see*," the Incubator says. It turns, and presents its back to you. "*Not too fast, please.*"

You nod, and begin letting the marbles file into the opening in Kyuubey's back. Curious, you pay attention to what happens to the marbles... they fall a few centimeters into the Incubator's body, and then simply *vanish* from your senses completely. A portal, then?

As you feed the marbles to Kyuubey, another thought occurs to you. "So I'm sure you know about that fire last night? At Sayaka's house?"

"*Yes, I do,*" Kyuubey replies.

"How many casualties were there? Injured, or dead?" you ask.

"*I do not know, apart from the Miki family,*" Kyuubey informs you, wiggling in place a little. "*You could check the news. On a related note, Tomoe Mami and your actions created considerable additional work for me.*"

You shrug, amusing yourself by having a few marbles do a loop around Kyuubey's face before plunging into the hole in its back. "Eh. She's my friend. And as I said the last time, it's *your* concern, the way I see it," you say with a satisfied grin at the Incubator's back.

"*This is true,*" Kyuubey says, seemingly with a mental shrug. "*Nevertheless, measures were taken to prevent magic from being revealed.*"

"Your problem, and, I suppose, your perogative," you reply. "Hmm... any new magical girls because of that fire?"

"*No,*" Kyuubey says. "*This has been a busy few days.*"

It has, hasn't it? You narrow your eyes at the Incubator's back, but... it's telling you the truth, you suspect. It really *has* been busy, these few days, what with yours and Oriko's antics.

The last few marbles file neatly into Kyuubey's back, and the cover slides back up. The Incubator stretches luxuriantly, tail lashing in a frenzy, before climbing up a nearby ventilation duct to perch at eye level to you. "*Was there anything else, Sabrina?*" it asks.

"No, I suppose not," you say.

"*Then I will be seeing you,*" Kyuubey says, turning to leave. You watch it scamper to the side of the roof and disappear over the edge - you suppose it'd be too much to hope that it would splatter on the floor below.

You shake your head. You're really not sure what's with it - it showed up, asking you what you were doing, and then seemingly gave up when you deflected the question. Weird.

In any case, next in your list is to visit Sayaka and Hitomi, you suppose, since the hospital is *right there*, visible over the opposite edge of the building.

You take a step off the side of the building. As you fall, you drag a hand, glowing with magic, down the side of said building to slow your descent. This can't be how Mami does it, but you never *did* get around to asking her how she avoids shattering concrete everytime she lands. You're vaguely disappointed to *not* see the splattered mess of a Kyuubey body down here, even if you completely didn't expect to.

Hmm... falling. With style, or perhaps the lack thereof - you can't help but think of Akemi Homura using an angelically glowing pair of wings to break her fall, and of *her* wings of corruption, so similar to your own. And... wings. *You* instinctively form wings - would your Witch? What if *those* are Dedolere's wings obscuring Oriko's visions?

Ugh. You shudder, cold fingers running down your spine at the thought. It's an unpleasant reminder, and somewhat annoying that your thoughts keep returning to it. You *won't* ever fall, you tell yourself firmly.

Shaking aside the thought, you detransform in a flash of light, leaving yourself in another borrowed blouse and knee length skirt, with your ever faithful bag hanging by your side, considerably emptier now. You really should consider enchanting that bag, if you can figure out how to.

You stroll out of the alley, one hand casually resting in your pocket, and merge seamlessly into the crowd. As expected, you draw a few odd looks, bright white hair and distinctly non-Asian features standing out in the morning crowd. Still, no one comments as you make your way to the hospital amidst the great herds of humanity.

Paranoia has you checking that they all do indeed have faces, which, yes, they do.

You soon reach the hospital, glancing at the clock. It's 8:34AM, now, and you wonder if Sayaka's awake yet. Or maybe you should go and see Hitomi first?

**\[] Sayaka first
\[] Hitomi first
\[] Write-in conversational topics to both
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

You kept fifty marbles, because fifty is a nice, round number.
