# Surface Tension pt. 7

You walk over to the help desk of Mitakihara General, glancing around the lobby. Cool, clean decor, some potted plants... No Nagisa hiding behing a potted plant...

The receptionist, a mild looking young man, smiles cheerily at you. "Good morning, and welcome to Mitakihara General Hospital! How may I help you?"

You nod politely. "Good morning. I'm looking for the Miki family, they should have come into ER last night?"

He nods, and turns to tap away at his computer, before replying. "Miki... Block 14, fifth floor, ward 54. Do you need that written down?"

"No, I've got it, thanks," you say.

"Have a nice day, then," the receptionist acknowledges. "Block 14 is over to my left," he adds, pointing you in the right direction. "It's currently towards the end of breakfast time, though, so they may be busy."

"Thanks," you say again, turning to go.

You meander over in the direction indicated, following the signs displayed prominently on the ceilings, slipping between the rushing medical personnel and various visitors and patients walking along the corridor.

As you walk, you telepath Mami. "*Mami? Do you have a moment?*"

"*Hm? Oh, Sabrina! Of course I have a moment.*" Mami's voice sounds sleepy, but immediately brightens.

"*Well, I'm going to visit Sayaka right now,*" you tell her.

"*Ah, that's a good idea,*" Mami says. "*Madoka and I will be visiting after school, too.*"

"*Oh, I should have realized,*" you suggest. "*But anyway... Mami, do you think it's OK to bring up healing Sayaka's friend... friends to her? Hitomi, and Kyousuke?*"

Mami's quiet for a moment, thinking it over. "*It should be OK, though we should ask Kyuubey before we do it...*"

"*I'll tell Sayaka that we can't confirm it yet?*" you say, inwardly annoyed at the idea that you'd have to check with *Kyuubey* for permission. Still, Mami.

"*That should be fine,*" Mami says. "*It's a good idea, though!*"

"*Thanks,*" you reply. "*Anyway, sorry to disturb you.*"

"*Oh, it's not a problem,*" Mami replies. "*See you later!*"

"*See you,*" you echo.

You soon arrive at block 14, and head up to the fourth floor, walking down the corridor looking for the ward.

Ward 41... 42... 43... wait. You backtrack to the lift lobby and check the signs there, which state that wards 40-49 are on this floor.

... oh.

Thankfully, no one you know's around to see your mistake as you sheepishly press the button to summon the elevator again.

A short, glass-walled elevator ride later, you're on the correct floor -you double checked-, and headed for the, yes definitely correct, ward.

Miki Sayaka, Miki Miho, Miki Kenji, and an empty fourth slot, the sign by the door reads. The door is open when you get there, a trolley sitting outside and a nurse busily walking out of the room, two trays bearing emptied plates in hand. You nod politely at her, and ask, "May I go in?"

"Of course, Miss," the nurse replies, slotting the tray onto the trolley and pushing it away.

Still, you hesitate, and knock at the open door.

"Come in," a male voice -Sayaka's father, Kenji, or so you presume- calls, and you walk in.

The room is a simple four-bed hospital ward room, with two beds a side, and curtains to separate the beds. The curtains are currently drawn, though, and peering at you with interest is Sayaka's father, a middle aged-man with light blue, nearly grey hair. He's sitting up on his hospital bed, an open magazine on his lap, and a tube strung around his face to run under his nose - an oxygen feed, you recognize. Other than that, he seems fine.

Sayaka's similarly sitting up, though it seems that she was watching the television instead, and like her father, she has an oxygen feed strung under her nose.

Like the rest of her family, Miki Miho is on an oxygen feed, but she's sound asleep still.

"Good morning," you say, nodding at Kenji and Sayaka.

"Good morning, Sabrina!" Sayaka calls, somewhat hoarsely.

"Good morning," Kenji says cautiously, voice similarly hoarse and looking curiously at you with no recognition on his face. You're vaguely puzzled, and then annoyed by that - did Kyuubey wipe his memory?

"Oh! Dad, this is my friend Sabrina," Sayaka says to her father, looking oddly at him.

"I'm pleased to meet you," the older man says formally.

"Pleased to meet you too," you say, moving over to his bed and offering him a hand. He shakes it firmly, though he looks slightly puzzled.

"I don't mean to be rude, but should you be in school?" he asks.

"Oh, um, I just arrived in Mitakihara a few days ago," you say. It's technically true.

"I see," he says. "Well, I won't keep you then," he adds, gesturing at Sayaka.

You nod, and walk over to Sayaka's bed, sitting on the chair beside it. "So how are you?"

"Sleepy," she says tartly. Telepathically, she adds, "*Dad... doesn't remember you?*"

"*Seems not,*" you reply. You suspect you know why, but... Sayaka doesn't seem to. Out loud, you say, "Ah. Anyway, uh... how are you doing?"

"I'm perfectly fine," she says drily. "Apart from being in a fire which, by the way, was *my house-!*"

"Sayaka!" Kenji says. "Apologize to your friend!"

"No, it's alright, Mr.\[1]​ Miki," you say quickly. "*I* should apologize for not being more considerate. My apologies, Sayaka, Mr. Miki."

"It's OK," Sayaka says. "I'm sorry, too."

"No apologies are necessary, Sabrina," Kenji says.

Still, this does highlight a problem, you muse. You *can't* have a private conversation here.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

And a special thanks to Dirtnap for helping me factcheck some stuff about smoke inhalation!

Also, *\*ahem\** borrowing the name Miho from Moid.

\[1]​Mr. Miki sounds weird, but ehhhhh Japanese honorifics.
