# Surface Tension pt. 8

"*I should thank you, too,*" Sayaka says, startling you out of your reverie. "*For saving my family and I, I mean. I... yeah.*" She breaks off, and looks aside. "*So... thanks. Sorry for not saying it earlier, it's just-*"

"*I understand, and it's alright, it really is,*" you reply, smiling at the bluenette. "*You have other things on your mind.*" Out loud, you add, "Oh, Madoka and Mami will be coming by later, after school."

"*Yeah. Thanks again,*" she says. "It'll be good to see them. Madoka must be worried sick!"

"*Mmm. It's my job, sort of,*" you reply amiably, and nod. "Yeah, she is."

"*You- how the heck are you doing this?*" she asks.

"*Holding two conversations at once?*" you say, raising an eyebrow. "*I dunno. Seems to come naturally to me.*"

"*Right...*" Sayaka rolls her eyes at you.

"*So anyway. Good news, as I said earlier,*" you say. "*I talked it over with Mami, and between the three of us, uh, Mami, myself, and Homura, we should be able to get you out of hospital faster.*"

"*Uh... We're only going to be here for a day longer for observation,*" Sayaka replies. "*Dad's already talking about renting a new place... Going to be troublesome, though.*"

"*Oh,*" you say. "*Same goes for Hitomi too, though. We should be able to heal her... and Kyousuke, too. You'd like that, wouldn't you?*" You turn a teasing grin on her.

"*Eh- I-*" Sayaka blushes. Just a little. "*I... that would be nice.*"

"*Big caveat is that we need to tell them about magic, though,*" you warn. "*And we still need to double check whether that's OK with Kyuubey.*"

"*Oh, yeah,*" Sayaka nods. "*That makes sense.*"

"Anyway," you say out loud, getting up and stretching luxuriantly. "Is there anything I can help you with? Pick up a newspaper or something?" you direct the question at both Sayaka and her father.

Kenji's eyeing you thoughtfully, but the look quickly fades. "Could you help me ask at the counter if I can rent a computer?"

"Sure," you agree. "Nothing else?"

Both he and Sayaka shake their heads in unison. "No, thank you," Kenji replies.

"Alright, then," you say, heading out.

As you walk out of the room, you can hear Kenji clear his throat. "Sayaka?" he asks, voice tentative.

You pause, a sinking suspicion growing in your stomach, and you lean against the wall, just out of sight. Is he...

"Yes, dad?" she asks.

"I just want you to know that whatever your choices are, your mother and I will always support you, OK?"

Oh, *dear*. He... *is.*

"Huh? Wai- No! Nono*nono!* It's not like that, dad!" Sayaka exclaims. You can attach an expression to that tone of voice, you imagine - eyes wide, hands flailing in a panic.

"No? She seems like a nice girl," Kenji says.

"Nononono! She's just a friend! I like-" she chokes herself off.

"If you say so," Kenji says skeptically.

...

Right.

You're just going to go ahead and forget that that happened, now.

You head over to the counter, quickly informing them of the request - the nurse doesn't seem surprised, and makes a quick note before informing you that they'll bring one over as soon as possible. You thank her, and head off - this time to block 23.

Before you go, though, you quickly check the area with your other senses, and detecting nothing, decide that it seems safe enough. Time to see Hitomi, then.

**\[] Write-in conversation with Hitomi
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Yes, Sayaka's dad *did* just pull a Hitomi, if in the opposite direction.
