# Surface Tension pt. 9

You walk over to Block 23 at a brisk clip, musing on recent events, and perhaps things you could explore in the future, in the interests of furthering what you can do to improve things.

It doesn't take you long to reach Hitomi's room, and you knock politely at the door. "Come in!" Hitomi calls from inside.

You push the door open, and greet Hitomi cheerfully. "Good morning!" The green haired girl, sitting in the chair beside her head, was reading a book, it looks like. She carefully marks her position in it with a bookmark before putting it aside.

"Good morning, Sabrina," she greets you in return. "To what do I owe the visit?"

You smile, irrationally pleased that she remembers you, but it quickly slides into an unhappy grimace. "Unfortunately, I'm here as the bearer of bad news, this time. Sorry."

"Oh?" Hitomi looks fully at you, as you move into the room proper.

"Yeah. Uh, well. Mami and everyone else say hi, and they'll be dropping in later to visit, but, well..." you temporize. "I suppose you don't know about Sayaka yet?"

"Something happened to Sayaka?" she asks sharply.

"Her house caught fire last night," you say, and at her growing look of panic, you wave your hands frantically. "She's OK! They all are. Nothing life-threatening, just smoke inhalation, apparently."

"Oh," Hitomi says blankly. "Her house burned down?"

You nod, letting her process that.

"W-what happened?" Hitomi asks.

You shake your head. It's not like you can tell her the truth, right now.

The green haired girl frowns distractedly. "Oh, I suppose you wouldn't know. Sayaka, she- her family, they're all safe?"

"Yeah," you nod. "I just got back from visiting them. They're being kept in for a day for observation, apparently, but they're being discharged soon."

"That's good," Hitomi nods.

The conversation lapses for a while as she thinks over it. Eventually, though, you try to strike up a conversation again. "So, um, sorry to be the bearer of bad news, Hitomi. And again, my apologies for being rude yesterday. Is there anything I could do in return? Anything you'd like me to pick up, or something?"

"Hm? No, that's quite OK," Hitomi replies, still seemingly preoccupied. "Hmm... yes. Could you pass me my phone, please? It's in the first drawer of my bedside table."

"Sure," you say, more than a bit curious about what Hitomi's doing, moving over to the indicated drawer and retrieving her phone - it's a nice looking smartphone, sleek and clean lines. You hand it over to her, and she quickly flicks through her contact list to locate a number. She doesn't call yet, though, instead raising an eyebrow at you while one thumb hovers over the screen of her phone.

You can take a hint, this time - she wants privacy to make the call, presumably. "Eh. Nothing else you need?"

"No, I'm OK, thank you for asking," she says.

"Alright... one last thing, then. Um, well, there's some other things that I want to tell you, but well... the others should be here for it as well," you say.

"Oh?" Hitomi says, curiously.

"Yeah," you say, nodding. "I'll see you later, OK?"

"See you. Thank you for visiting," she says with a smile.

You and turn to walk out of the room. With her door shut, though, you can't listen in on the call.

Ah well.

You have bigger fish to fry now, you suppose as you take the elevator down. When you step out of the hospital proper... "*Kyuubey!*"

"*What is it, Sabrina?*" the Incubator replies instantly. A minute later, its body appears, scampering out from the side of one of the hospital buildings as you stride past it. There aren't that many people around the hospital grounds at the moment, so after a surreptious look around, you bend down and grab the Incubator by the scruff of its neck, before continuing on your journey.

"*What did you do to Sayaka's parents? And why?*" you demand as you begin walking towards the old industrial district - your next stop is to loot Oriko's warehouse, you suppose.

"*I erased their memories of being rescued by you and Tomoe Mami,*" the Incubator replies. "*I did so to preserve the secrecy of magic.*"

"*Secrecy of magic... why?*" you snap back as you turn into an alley.

"*We prefer to work in secrecy,*" Kyuubey says.

Feh. A non-answer, in other words. Shielded from sight of other people, you crouch, and jump powerfully, bouncing off the walls to reach the roof. "*And who else have you been mind-wiping recently? Has anyone been hurt because of you keeping magic a secret?*"

"*People who see flagrant acts of magic, generally. Would you like a specific listing?*" Kyuubey replies. "*To answer your second question, no.*"

"*Right...*" you say skeptically as you launch yourself off the roof, Incubator still dangling from your hand. "*And how many degrees of separation is that?*"

"*One. Nobody has been *directly* hurt in the process of magic being kept a secret,*" Kyuubey replies.

"*If you say so,*" you say, still somewhat skeptical.

"*I do not lie,*" Kyuubey replies, wiggling in your grasp.

"*And I only have *your* word for that,*" you point out. "*Whatever. Stop mind-wiping people my friends care about.*"

Kyuubey's tail lashes for a bit, smacking lightly against your side from where you're carrying it. "*Very well.*"

"*Really? That easy?*" you ask, somewhat surprised.

"*Yes. I do try to maintain positive relationships with magical girls,*" it says.

You twitch. The *gall* of it. "*Good. Additionally, we are going to heal Hitomi and Kyousuke. This is not up for debate.*"

"*Very well,*" Kyuubey repeats.

"*Nothing else, then,* you say, and unceremoniously drop the Incubator on a roof as you land. Much as you'd like to drop it *off* the roof... That will only do more harm than good. For now, anyway. One day, and sometime soon, you hope.

"*Oriko,*" you call, changing mental gears.

It takes a minute for her to answer, as you continue on a straight line towards the industrial district. "*Yes?*"

"*Where's that hideout you mentioned?*" you ask.

"*Ah.*" she rattles off an address, and you veer over in the general direction.

"*Got it,*" you reply.

It takes you twenty minutes to find the right place - just a small, nondescript warehouse close to the river. The fence is newer and sturdier than the ones of the surrounding buildings, you notice, and the gate is chained shut, so you take a long hop over the fence instead.

The *inside* of the warehouse comes as a surprise. Oriko said that she'd prepared a hideout, but...

It's carpeted. A soft, plush carpet is spread across the floor, with a few chairs placed around, and a computer in the corner. At a guess, it likely has an Internet connection, even. There's even a small *kitchen* against one wall, with a stove and *fridge*.

Money moves mountains, you suppose, explaining how Oriko got this set up so fast.

... there's one futon mattress.

*One* mattress.

...

Just to be sure, you pace around the warehouse, checking carefully to see if there's another one hidden in a corner somewhere you didn't see or something.

...

Right, then.

You go through the food stocks, looking for food you could reasonably expect to ferry back to Oriko.

... there's something like nine different types of tea here. And conveniently, there's two duffel bags in the corner, one stuffed with clothes, and the other empty.

You start piling food into the empty bag, packing it neatly so that you can get more in, until it's full. You zip it up and sling the heavy bag over your shoulder, before picking up the other one in your hand. The bags throw you off balance, even if you can handle the weight effortlessly - puella magi or not, you're still carrying a *considerable* weight.

Ah, well, you can deal with it.

You turn to walk out of the warehouse, before promptly stopping again in surprise. There's a pair of crutches leaning beside the door.

... huh.

You squint at the crutches, and then gingerly tie the crutches to the duffel bag you're carrying in your hand.

"*Mami?*" you call telepathically as you take to the roofs, a little clumsier than usual with the heavy bags weighing you down and confusing your sense of balance.

"*Oh, Sabrina! Is something happening?*" Mami replies.

"*Nah, I just felt like talking,*" you say. "*If that's OK with you?*"

"*Of course,*" Mami chuckles. "*What have you been doing, this morning?*"

"*Well, I took care of that Witch near the hospital,*" you tell Mami. "*Don't worry, I was careful.*"

"*Oh, well done!*" Mami says warmly.

"*Went to see Sayaka and Hitomi, too. Sayaka's fine, apparently they're just keeping her and her family in a day for observation,*" you add.

"*Ah, that's good to know,*" Mami says. "*I- wait a moment,*" she breaks off suddenly.

"*Mami?*" you ask.

"*I was called up to answer a question,*" Mami replies, a minute later.

"*Oh, I see,*" you reply. "*Did you get it right?*"

"*Of course I did!*" she says, mock indignantly. "*I'm not a delinquent wandering outside school having exciting adventures!*"

"*Ouch, Mami. Alas, for I am slain,*" you say.

Mami just chuckles in response.

"*Anyway. I suppose I should leave you to it,*" you say. "*See you later.*"

"*Bye, Sabrina,*" Mami says in return.

You smile, pleased. She seems to have shrugged off yesterday's events with relative equinamity, if she can crack jokes now. Though... whether it's another facade or not, you can't tell without asking more directly. And she wouldn't show it while in public, anyway.

Your roofhopping is a little clumsier, and you may or may not have broken someone's antenna, but you eventually make it to Oriko's house. You probably look more than a little odd - sling bag over one shoulder, massive duffel bag over the other, and another in hand with a pair of crutches hanging off that bag, but it's not really your problem.

Oriko's waiting for you at the door of her house, though Kirika's somewhere inside - you can sense her on the second floor. "Good morning," she greets you. "I thank you for taking the trouble to bring us supplies. May I offer you some refreshments?"

---

- [ ] Accept
- [ ] Write-in conversational topics
- [ ] Decline
- [ ] Just talk outside
- [ ] Write-in

---

You should totally ask Oriko about the mattress.
