# Surface Tension pt. 10

"Good morning," you say, trying for an equally regal tone. "And yes, that would be acceptable."

"Do come in, then," Oriko says, stepping aside. You briefly wonder how she managed to dress herself - she's wearing a long sleeved dress, with one sleeve hanging empty.

You remove your shoes, leaving them in the shoe rack beside the door, and step in. "Pardon me, I would like to bring the crutches up to Kirika first."

Awkwardly, she hooks the crutches up with her arm, carrying them in the crook of her elbow, and walks off up the stairs. She can't quite bear their weight properly, and they drag against the floor, thumping against every step. You sigh, and drop the two duffel bags on the floor, taking a seat on the sofa.

You sense her moving towards Kirika's presence upstairs, and then both of them return, accompanied by the thudding of a pair of crutches down the stairs, as Kirika carefully makes her way down, helped by Oriko.

Kirika blinks orange eyes at you when she catches sight of you, and looks conflicted, unsure whether to smile or frown at you. Instead, she just quietly moves over to the sofa, sitting on the opposite end of the same sofa you're on. Oriko gives her a smile, and then nods at you, saying "I will be just a moment." She moves off towards the kitchen.

... this is an awfully comfortable sofa, you note as you sink into it.

You glance at Kirika, to find that she's frowning at you. When she sees *you* looking back at her, she breaks eye contact, glancing away, and you raise an eyebrow, before looking forward again. You can *feel* her staring at you when you look away, though.

You sigh, deciding to try and open a conversation. "Hi Kirika," you say, staring blankly in front of you.

No response.

"I brought you and Oriko your stuff," you continue a moment later. "At least, I think that's some of your clothes in the bag."

"You hurt Oriko," Kirika mutters.

You sigh again. "I suppose I did."

"But you're nice, and Oriko says you're trying to help too," the black haired girl continues as if you hadn't said anything.

You're nice? Well, yes, you're pretty sure you are, but to Kirika?

... well, you did talk to her that once, you guess?

You shrug. "I *am* trying to help," you affirm, turning to look at her, eyebrow raised. She looks away again, refusing to meet your gaze.

Oriko returns with a pot of tea, very carefully held in her hand, and then shuttles back into the kitchen, bringing back teacups.

She demurely seats herself, smoothing down her dress, and reaches for the teapot to pour. She moves with a kind of grace that's half trained, pouring daintily, though her hand shakes a little and she nearly spills a bit of the tea. Problems with fine manipulation, you guess.

She pushes a gently steaming cup in front of you, and another to Kirika, before taking one for herself. The tea is a gentle, light green in colour. "Green tea is said to aid in memory, so I hope that you will enjoy it," Oriko notes.

... it's times like this you wish that you wore glasses, you could pull them down to give people a *Look*. As it is, you give her a flat stare, which she returns with a placid, unruffled look, and a small gesture at the cup of tea resting on the table in front of you.

You roll your eyes, and reach for the cup, sniffing the aroma before taking a sip. The tea tastes almost *savoury*, to your surprise. Not unpleasant, though.

"This is *gyokuro* tea," Oriko observes quietly.

You shrug. "This is excellent tea, whatever it is."

Conversation, such as it is, lapses for a while, as the three of you quietly drink the tea. You know enough to gently *sip* at the tea instead of slurping in down, at any rate. Before long, you have to refill your cup - this tea really is quite good.

"So Oriko," you say, and she looks impassively at you. Out of the corner of your eye, you make sure Kirika's taking a sip of *her* tea before deploying your next question, with a perfectly straight face. "Is there anything else you need? Another mattress, maybe?"

To your great disappointment, nothing happens, from either Kirika *or* Oriko. The seer placidly sips at her tea, eyes closed, before glancing at Kirika, and back at you. "Nothing critical, though I do believe that there is still a certain amount of supplies left at the warehouse."

You nod, accepting that. Oriko nods at you, before her eyes go wide and she hastily sets her cup of tea down, covering it with her hand. You quirk an eyebrow at her.

Suddenly, you're inundated by fine spray of tea from Kirika. "Eeeeeeeeh? *Another* mattress?" The black-haired girl flails wildly, going red in the face. "I mean- we- bed, but we were tired- Oriko?"

Oriko has her eyes closed, and her hand pressed against her face. "Yes, Kirika, there was only one mattress at the warehouse for us to sleep on."

The berserker turns even redder, beginning to resemble a fire-engine in hue. "B-but-"

"Sabrina, could you step out for a moment? Please," the seer asks, still with her eyes closed and a slightly pained look on her face. "Tissues are over there," she adds, pointing at a side table.

Even dripping with tea, you smirk. Pulling a few tissues from the box on the table, you step outside the living room, and as you turn the corner, you see Oriko sitting on the sofa next to Kirika, presumably to talk to her.

You spend a few minutes drying yourself off, and straining your ears to hear the quiet murmurs from the living room to no avail.

When Oriko invites you back in to the room, she's still sitting next to Kirika, and seems disinclined to move from her position. You claim Oriko's previous seat instead, raising an eyebrow at the couple, to which the seer responds with unruffled indifference, and Kirika a reddened face.

"So anyway, Oriko," you say. "That aside, is there anything you need to tell me? Here, or... in private?"

Oriko gives that some thought, eyes going distant. "No. Nothing for the forseeable future."

You narrow your eyes at her. "What do you mean, 'forseeable future'?"

She waves that aside. "Figure of speech. Nothing major *should* occur within the next day."

Conversation dies again, and you return to sipping your tea. This is made mildly more awkward when Kirika lets out a dreamy giggle and burrows into Oriko's side, which Oriko allows with a fond smile, still imperturbably drinking her tea.

"Hm. There's something I want to try, Oriko, with your help," you tell her.

"Very well," the seer says, checking the teapot. "The tea is nearly finished. Shall we adjourn?"

"No time like the present," you mutter, and push yourself to your feet. "Yeah, let's."

You head out to the rose garden out back, and Oriko and Kirika follow a moment later after Kirika is helped onto her crutches. Kirika drops into the bench in the garden, watching inquisitively. Oriko stands beside said bench, watching you carefully, head tilted and brow slightly furrowed.

"Alright, then," you say, pulling Hildegarde's seed out from your pocket and holding it up. Transforming with a flash of light, you dig deep into the Grief Seed, and begin to draw the Grief out.

It comes free in thick, ropy streamers that flood into the air in an unending torrent. Grief *floods* the air, and you form it into your familiar wings of corruption, arcing high over the rose bushes and spreading wider and wider. Kirika looks faintly scared, but reassured by Oriko still standing there, seemingly unconcerned.

... well, if the precog isn't worried...

A *lot* of Grief goes into a single seed, you muse as you decide that the wings are getting ridiculous at a twenty meter wingspan - twenty meters of roiling, rippling corruption. Instead, you start coalescing the Grief into spheres - less marbles and more basketballs, accreting rapidly by the dozen.

"Excuse me, I will be back in a moment," Oriko notes, walking back into the house, leaving Kirika to divide her attention between peering back for Oriko and staring at what you're doing.

For some reason, you feel that there should be wind blowing to ruffle your hair and coat dramatically, but the weather remains obdurately uncooperative and there's not even the faintest hint of a breeze. It's even cool enough that you can't say that sweat is beading on your brow as you concentrate.

A clunking noise has you turning to look, and you find that Oriko's dragging an empty cat carrier over.

... huh.

After what *feels* like hours, you feel the massive river of Grief begin to dry up, slowly petering out over the next few minutes. All that's *left* in there is a quiescent Hildegard. And you try to remove *that*, too.

... it doesn't move. Your magical fingers simply *slide* right off a target that doesn't... *quite* seem to respond to your prodding. You go slightly cross-eyed - it feels like you're less trying to remove the filling from a doughnut, and more like you're trying to remove the concept of a doughnut from the doughnut. You give up on it after trying for a few more moments.

You look around. Depending from your shoulders are ten meter long swathes of the night sky of an alien world carved into reality., your wings, larger than you've ever made before. You *might* actually be able to *fly* with these. The air is thick with *hundreds* of basketball sized balls of Grief, drifting aimlessly about in the air and bumping into each other with dull clacks. In your hand is a Grief Seed -maybe it's just a Seed now since there isn't any Grief inside?- unlike any other you've seen, clear crystal with a single inky black spot in the exact center instead of midnight black obsidian.

"Um," you say eloquently.

Kirika lets out an impressed whistle.

"So... yeah," you say after a moment. You toss the empty Seed at Oriko, who reaches up to catch it, her sleeve sliding back for a moment to reveal a tightly bound splint.

"I suppose you can guess what I wanted to try out," you tell Oriko.

"Yes," Oriko says. "Kirika?"

"Are you sure, Oriko?" the black haired girl asks, a worried frown on her face as she fumbles in her pockets.

Oriko concentrates, and nods. Kirika smiles, and pulls out Oriko's Soul Gem, holding it up. Without hesitation, the seer touches the Seed to her Soul Gem.

Nothing dramatic happens. Oriko's Soul Gem becomes cleaner, and the emptied Seed becomes a little cloudy, almost imperceptibly so.

... huh.

Oriko eyes at the Seed, then you, and then the masses of Grief.

You shrug. "I wanted to know what would happen."

The pointed silence intensifies.

"You know what, come over here, I'll heal your arm at least," you say, trying to change the subject.

"That would be appreciated," Oriko says, moving over and first handing you the Seed before presenting you with her arm, shaking back her sleeve. She has indeed splinted her arm - Kirika did that, you assume.

"I'm going to have to take this off," you note, and pull a wisp of Grief to you to form a razor sharp blade you run over the bandages, slicing carefully through them, and they fall aside, glowing briefly purple along the cut edges. You wince as the wrappings fall to the ground - heavy, mottled bruises adorn her forearm, indicative of heavy internal bleeding. Probably from all the activity she had to put it through.

"Yeah, gonna want to sit down for this one," you mutter, and drop straight down to the manicured grass, mindful of your wings. Oriko sits too, demurely folding her legs to the side.

You begin to heal Oriko's arm in silence, noting Kirika wandering over and very gingerly lowering herself to sit beside the seer and lean against her other side. With a twist of your will, musical instruments form out of the Grief, multitudes more than you had last time, and you jerk your head at the instruments. "Any requests?"

Oriko shakes her head, so you [start](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLVOS2f5FW4) playing, meandering along song genres to fill up the silence.

It takes over an hour to fix Oriko's arm, and another two to patch up the internal damage and other such problems from the bullets for both her and Kirika - it's somewhere past twelve noon when you finish.

"Well. That's done," you announce, rising to your feet. Kirika remains lying facedown on the grass - you suspect that she may actually be asleep at this point, relaxing under the shade of the canopy of Grief *literally* blocking out the sun.

"*Good afternoon, Oriko, Sabrina.*"

Oriko's head jerks up sharply, and she rises to her feet, gliding forward a step before swooping with her now repaired arm to snatch Kyuubey up by the scruff of its neck. Without pause, she spins, gliding back across the grass and shoves the Incubator inside the cat carrier she'd brought out earlier.

"*Why are you doing this?*" Kyuubey asks.

"My prescience told me to," Oriko answers blandly.

...

That's not how her prescience works.

Oriko turns and holds a finger to her lips.

... huh.

Soo*oooo* that happened.

**\[] I must go. My planet needs me. (Try to fly away.)
\[] Put the Grief back into the Seed
\[] Feed the Grief to Kyuubey
\[] Talk to...
\- \[] Oriko
\- \[] Kirika
\- \[] Kyuubey
\-- \[] Write-in topic
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

I *have* mentioned how much Grief goes into a Grief Seed before.
