# Surface Tension pt. 11

You smirk, and move to crouch in front of the cat carrier, still carefully manuveuring your wings to avoid the other two puella magi, the house, the rose bushes, and, well, the everything. Two red eyes glow dimly behind the closed door, staring out at you.

"That look suits you," you inform it dryly.

"*I don't understand,*" Kyuubey says, almost plaintively. Or perhaps you're ascribing emotion where there's none. Likely the latter.

"That is not *my* problem," you shrug, before asking sharply, "Why are you here right now?"

"*I detected an unusual build up of Grief in this area,*" the Incubator replies. "*It would appear that you are the cause.*"

"Guilty," you smirk, rising to your feet. You turn, raising your wings so that you don't hit Oriko and Kirika. Oriko remains standing, smiling faintly, but Kirika yelps and ducks even as the wings pass harmlessly above her head.

Feh. Precogs.

"So, moving on..." you glance at Kirika, and cleanse her Soul Gem with a careless wave of your hand. The minuscule amount of Grief is lost within the *constellation* of Grief spheres that's still drifting aimlessly above you to form a vaguely unsettling canopy. "Nothing else, Oriko?"

Oriko shakes her head. "I do not believe so."

You nod. "I should go," you say, in clipped tones. "My planet needs me."

Oriko arches an aristocratic eyebrow at you, but half bows to you.

You lean back, drawing the wings up, and then drag them downwards.

Your breath leaves you in a gasp as the downstroke abruptly jerks you two meters into the air. Dust and loose gravel flies. "Grk!" You pinwheel, flailing your arms wildly, and tilt drunkenly to the side, wings and all. Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Oriko, hand slung around Kirika's waist, sidestepping quickly to get out of you- ohshitground!

You flap your wings frantically, trying to gain height. One of the wings clips the ground, tearing into and uprooting a rosebush. Well, Oriko doesn't actually like those roses, you think dizzily as you manage to skim forward, avoiding actually hitting anything.

More height.

You bank and circle, desperately working to angle your wings properly to gain more height and trying to see if you can find a thermal to loft you higher up - bloody *pigeons* can do this, why shouldn't you. Every stroke has your breath coming harder, with the powerful, jerking flaps of your wings.

Still, you're flying, albeit not very well, skimming over the city while orbited by a swarm of hundreds of Grief spheres the size of basketballs.

"*Don't worry, Kyuubey,*" you think back at the Incubator. "*I'll come back and let you out later. Probably. If Oriko doesn't, and I don't forget.*"

"*That would be appreciated,*" Kyuubey replies.

... There's probably better, and more comfortable, ways of flying. But this probably looks *damned badass*, you figure. If you could perfect the flight, anyway.

"*Sabrina? Is that you?*" Mami's voice trickles into your head.

"*Uhhh, yeah, I think so?*" you look down, and somewhere in the dizzying distance below you, you see what you're pretty sure is Mitakihara Middle school. There's a glint of light, here and gone again, and you try to wave at it, your arm jolting about with every flap of your wings.

"*Sabrina, you're flying!*" Madoka breaks in, voice full of wonder. You can just about *hear* the squeal of 'so cooooooool'.

"*Uhhh. Yeah. New trick I figured out?*" you say sheepishly as you bank into a spiral.

"*Be careful,*" another voice - Homura, and you have the distinct sense that she opened another 'channel'. "*I almost shot you.*"

"*Oh.*" You can see why she might have, yeah. Another glint of light from below. "*Well, no harm, no foul.*"

"*Hm,*" Homura grunts.

"*So I'm guessing it's lunchtime?*" you ask more generally.

"*It is,*" Mami confirms. "*We're all on the rooftop.*"

**\[] Put away the Grief and join them
\[] Get your own lunch
\[] Do something else
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Ah, rooftop lunches.
