# Surface Tension pt. 13

You fight the urge to *twitch*, and instead contact Homura telepathically. "*Offer her some!*" You simultaneously nudge Mami with your elbow, indicating Homura with a slight tilt of your head when Mami looks at you, and out loud, you say, "Ah, it's nothing special, really. Nothing compared to Mami's cooking!"

Violet eyes meet yours, across the bench, eyebrows slightly furrowed, while Mami demurs, "Your cooking is just as good." To you, Mami asks, "*Homura? What about her?*"

"Nonsense," you say, keeping an eye on Homura, who's looking down at her lunch. "My cooking is *just* passable. *Yours* is amazing," you say to Mami. "*I'm trying to get her to offer Madoka some of the food.*"

"*Homura... and Madoka?*" Mami asks, sounding surprised. "*Oh. Ohhhh. Are you sure?*" Out loud, she says, "Ah... Thank you, Sabrina, but I'm really not that good."

"*Oh yes, I'm sure,*" you tell Mami, meeting Madoka's eyes and rolling your own good naturedly. She smiles shyly back.

You can see Mami's eyes light up with mischief.

Homura, by contrast, is still hesitating. "*Come *on,* Homura! We talked about this!*" you say to her.

The time traveller abruptly pushes her half eaten lunch over to Madoka's lap, and snatches up the binoculars. "My apologies, I've just remembered something else I have to do," she murmurs, rising to her feet.

Homura turns in a swirl of black hair, and stalks off back into the school building proper.

"H-Homura?" Madoka calls tremulously, as you blink at her retreating back. The time traveller slows, but resolutely continues forward, shoes clicking against the tile.

You exchange a look with Mami. "*Did you...?*"

"*No... are you* sure, *Sabrina? About Homura?*" Mami asks, mystified.

**\[] Stay with Mami and Madoka
\[] Go after Homura
\- \[] Bring Mami and Madoka with you
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Dammit Homura!
