# Surface Tension pt. 16

"'If someone tells me that it's wrong to hope, I'll tell them they're wrong every time,'" you quote, smiling whimsically. "Once upon a never, Madoka said that. And you know, she's right. Wise girl, that one. Wise words."

Homura shudders.

You shrug. "Once upon a never... Constantly hurtling into the unknown. But y'know, that's how most of us work. You may not know if *we* can win, going down this new path-" you stress that 'we', "-and you may not know if Madoka can accept everything you've done."

As you speak, Homura seems to collapse in on herself. "But you know what? If you don't at least *try*, then you're going to fail by default. Reach for the heavens, or you'll banish yourself to hell without even hearing the judgement."

Homura shudders, still hugging her knees.

"I mean really, Homura," you say, taking another quick look around. "You're still here. You're still trying. You *believe*, at least on some level, that maybe we can win this time. And perhaps I sound like a broken record by now, but *I'm* going to do my damnedest to make sure that we *do*."

The time traveller nods jerkily. "I... yes."

You smile. "I'll take it that you're agreeing with me that we'll win. And really, one more thing - I think you're selling Madoka short." You give her a friendly bump against the shoulder, making her look up at you. "Didn't you start your quest simply because she's a good person who deserves to be saved?"

A pause for emphasis, making sure Homura's listening to you. "I happen to agree. Madoka has an enormous heart, and plenty of room for understanding and forgiveness. You *know* this, and I *know* that she can and *will* forgive you."

"So I was pushing you too fast, earlier. And I'm sorry for that," you say. "Take it slow if you need to, but *give her a chance* to be that kind-hearted friend you remember again. It's what you're fighting for, isn't it?"

"Now come *on*, Homura," you say, pulling yourself to your feet by the railing and offering the girl your hand again, the... third? time you've done so. "There's... maybe fifteen minutes left to lunch, you barely ate, and Madoka's waiting. Give her a chance. Give *yourself* a chance."

She takes your hand, and you pull her to her feet. You clap her on the shoulder, and then wave back at the door to the rooftop, sunlight still shining merrily through.

She takes a hesitant step forward. "Go on," you prompt.

She goes, back straightening and moving with more confidence as she walks out into the sunlight.

There's probably something terribly symbolic and all about that, you reflect as you follow her out, blinking in the sudden brightness of the sunlight compared to the relative dimness of the corridor. The wind blows as if to punctuate this, setting both yours and Homura's hair streaming out dramatically.

"Homura!" Madoka calls, brightening up and waving at the black haired girl when she catches sight of you.

Mami smiles at you, and tilts her head questioningly. "*Well?*"

You shrug. "*I pushed her too hard, I guess.*"

"*Well, she came back,*" she replies as you meander back over, and Homura sits down beside Madoka. Out loud, the blonde says, "Welcome back, Homura."

Homura nods. Madoka beams, and passes the lunchbox back to Homura. "I'm glad you came back. You should eat up, Homura!" The black haired girl accepts the lunchbox with a quiet, "Thank you."

You smile and dig in to your lunch again. It's cold by now, but the warm glow of satisfaction is well and away better than the food, in any case. Mami nudges you, and opens her own lunch box with a snap of the hinges. "Here, I saved some salmon for you."

You blink at her in surprise, as she plucks the slice of fish up with her chopsticks and drops it into your bento. "Store bought food is never as good as homemade," she admonishes with a small smile. You return the smile, and return to your eating.

Homura eats quietly, with Madoka watching her with an anxious smile. "Homura?"

"Yes, Madoka?" Homura asks quietly.

"I didn't upset you, did I?" the pinkette asks.

"No, of course not!" Homura says, looking up in slight shock.

"Oh, that's good," Madoka says, smiling in relief, twiddling her fingers a bit. "Don't... don't run away, please?"

"I..." Homura opens her mouth, and then shuts it again. "OK."

You exchange a glance with Mami, both of you with raised eyebrows. "*Hmmm?*"

"*Maybe,*" she agrees.

Madoka watches Homura eat for a moment, before glancing over at you. "Um... Sabrina?"

"Yep?" you ask, looking up from your own lunch.

"Um... How are you going to get out of school?" she asks tentatively.

You look around at the fences hemming you in. They were difficult enough to clear on your way in, and climbing, or jumping down the *outside* of the school is going to attract a *lot* of attention. You look down at yourself, rather distinctly *not* in school uniform.

Really, the only reason you've gotten away with the roof hopping, you suspect, is because no one looks up, and probably a little Kyuubey help.

"... I have no idea," you admit.

"Oh, *Sabrina*," Mami groans fondly, palming her face. Madoka giggles.

You shrug. "I'll figure something out. I might try flying out?" you offer.

It's far too soon when the bell rings, and you reluctantly stand with the others - they have school to be getting back to.

"Bye, Sabrina!" Madoka calls as she turns to go. "See you after school!"

"See you later," Mami says warmly.

Homura... Homura nods at you. "*Thank you.*"

"*No need,*" you reply.

You smile as the three of them return to school. You've got a few minutes to make a get away, now, before someone comes up to check, you feel.

---

- [ ] Grief wings again
- [ ] Grief hoverboard
- [ ] Write-in
- [ ] What next?

---

That went well.
