# Surface Tension pt. 17

You're definitely going to have to *fly* out, since wandering the school corridors with your very distinctively not-a-school-uniform clothes is just going to raise more questions. Still, wings or perhaps something new, considering that you did an *excellent* impression of a drunken moth with said wings?

After a brief debate with yourself that involved a diversion into thoughts about fixed wing flight at some point, you decide to try something new, and hopefully more stable. Under your control, the Grief marbles file out of your sling bag, pushing aside the flap. You mould them into a flat, skateboard sized platform, hovering a few centimeters above the floor.

You nudge it with your foot, simultaneously trying to keep it in place with your powers. It doesn't budge, and so you gingerly place one foot on it, pressing down hard. Again, it doesn't so much as move a millimeter. With increasing confidence, you bring both feet, your entire body weight onto the hoverboard, which remains obdurately stationary in mid air, nailed in place by your Grief manipulation.

... Magic is *such* bullshit.

You flick your fingers, and the board rises, under your control, with you carefully balancing on top of it. You easily clear the top of the fence, and float off. The hoverboard is nice, but balancing on it is slightly annoying - one slip and you're in for a rather long fall which might not be fatal, but would be... unfortunate.

Still, this is quite pleasant as compared to the wings of corruption - certainly a lot smoother than the flight with your wings, though you can't help but wonder if that's more because of your inexperience with them.

High above the city, in the clean, clear air, you cruise along, one hand casually slung in your pocket. What now, with the four or so hours to burn?

You decide that you could go look for the girl out by the west - Gaikotsu Masami. Might as well go sound her out a bit early, before things come to a head. Other than 'somewhere in the western end', though, you're not terribly sure where she lives.

You head back home, and look her up with Mami's computer. You're vaguely surprised that residential listings still exist... Ah, well. It's terribly convenient that they do, so you're not complaining, really.

You're soon zipping along at speed towards the west end of the city on your hoverboard, finding yourself cruising amongst some upscale apartment blocks. They look relatively new, built within the past few years, at a guess. Construction works are dotted here and there, new buildings still going up.

Masami's apartment is on the seventh floor, and you're soon standing outside the apartment door - to your surprise, there are *two* magical presences inside the apartment, both seemingly sitting in what you'd guess is the living room.

... they're sitting rather close together, you note with amusement.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

For the record, Masami is her first name.
