# Surface Tension pt. 18

Curious, you try to sense what the two magical girls' Grief levels are like. You can't tell how full their Soul Gems are without an actual look at said Soul Gems, but you can detect how much Grief they have in absolute terms - both are hovering at roughly the equivalent to 20% of Mami's maximum capacity.

... that's more than you'd rather have, really, but not everyone is as fortunate as you are.

You look left and right, checking the corridor carefully, before untransforming in the usual blaze of light. You take a moment to steel yourself before pressing the button for the door bell, listening to it buzz from inside the house.

Both figures on the couch jerk, and a moment later, one heads deeper into the apartment, while one walks slowly to the door. "Coming!" a throaty female voice calls.

The door opens a crack, a moment later, security chain still strung across the gap. Green eyes framed by black hair falling past the girl's shoulders -not nearly as impressive as Homura's- peer up at you, the owner of the eyes being somewhat shorter than yourself. She's dressed casually, in a simple dark green dress, and past her, in the living room proper, you can see the television still on, now muted.

The other magical girl is nowhere to be seen, but then again, you can't see that much through the crack to which the door is opened, and she's probably in one of the other rooms, anyway.

"Hi!" you say with a bright smile, tucking your hair behind your ear with a deliberate gesture that shows your Soul Gem ring. "I'm Sabrina... you're Gaikotsu Masami, right? I'm a new magical girl from the east... well, central Mitakihara, I just thought I'd introduce myself."

"Ah, I'm not Masami-chan. She isn't in right now," the girl says with a shake of her head, appending the familiar, affectionate honorific to the name. "I... I'm Wakahisa Hiroko, I'm pleased to meet you." She doesn't make any move to open the door any further, simply blinking up at you with her emerald green eyes.

**\[] Continue talking to Hiroko...
\- \[] Ask about the other magical girl
\- \[] Talk about...
\[] Leave
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

And Hiroko is *her* first name, for the record.
