# Surface Tension pt. 19

You smile back. "It's a pleasure to meet you too, Miss Wakahisa!"

She smiles faintly back, but you can see that she's clearly uncomfortable.

You sigh. "OK. I understand that most of us magical girls are rather... hm... 'angrily antisocial' is a good way to put it. I'd rather not be that kind of girl." You take a deep breath - time to force the issue. "May I come in? Just to talk?"

You do your best to look pitiful, but you're not very sure how well it works when you're half a head taller than the girl. As you are with most people you know, really.

The girl's eyes go distant for a moment, before she shakes her head. "I'm sorry, I'd rather not..."

"Or maybe we can have coffee or something, somewhere public?" you offer. "I understand if you don't want to, but um... yeah..."

Hiroko shakes her head more firmly. "Sorry, I'd rather not. Maybe you could come back another time?" she says, despite her tone and posture saying she'd rather not see you again.

"Ah, well, I wou-" she begins to close the door, and you hurriedly jam a foot against the door. "I can cleanse Soul Gems," you blurt.

Hiroko stops trying to close the door, emerald eyes blinking quizzically at you. "What?"

"I can cleanse Soul Gems," you repeat. "That's my power."

"Umm. That's impossible," she says blankly. "I think?"

"No, it's not, I'd gladly demonstr-" you say hurriedly, but are cut off by a new voice.

"Hey. I believe Hiroko said you should go away," the new voice sounds from inside the apartment. The newer voice, also female, sounds... odd, possessed of a certain gurgling, buzzing undertone.

... you *could* point out that technically, she *hasn't*, but you probably shouldn't, you decide.

"Masami! But weren't you hidi-" Hiroko starts in surprise, looking off to the side.

"She obviously knows I'm here," Masami replies, sounding disgruntled.

The owner of the voice stalks into view, gently nudging Hiroko out of the way and pulling the door open to the maximum of the security chain.

She's not what you'd expected. Masami, or so you presume this is, is a slim redhead, with delicate Asian features and brown eyes, and slightly taller than Hiroko is. She's dressed in a purple turtleneck sweater and long pants - covering up most of her skin, you can't help but notice.

... she looks absolute normal, though, frowning imperiously at you. "You're one of Mami's, aren't you?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

You were expecting a skeleton? Too bad! It was just a cute girl! I've been *waiting* to use that line.
