# Surface Tension pt. 20

That's not an encouraging start. "I... the clothes gave it away, didn't they?"

Masami gives you a *look*, half quizzical, half irritated. "The *clothes*?" She gives you another look, noting the slightly loose, slightly too short clothes. "I- look, city center is Mami's, full stop. If you came from there, you're one of hers."

You shake your head. "Right. In any case, yes, I'm a friend of hers," you mutter. You decide to take a better look at her, with your other senses - you need to know more.

Masami is a veritable *blaze* of active magic, far beyond the quiet, crackling storm you expect of a normal puella magi. Delicate, incandescent traceries are spread across every part of her body. They run out from her Soul Gem in febrile tendrils interlacing and twisting into each other, outlining her entire body in a winding lace.

Overlaying it all is a muted sheen, a *sheathe* hiding everything under another a layer of magic that has a different *feel* to it, anchored to a web spinning from...

Spinning from Hiroko.

... huh.

"Hey. You there?" Masami says, still looking quizzically at you.

"Hm? Yeah, just zoned out a bit; stray thought about programming languages," you excuse yourself.

"... right," Masami says, eyes narrowed, seemingly trying to figure out whether you're mocking her or not. "So what are you here for? I *told* Mami I... I didn't want to see her."

You quirk an eyebrow at her, tilting your head in the direction of Hiroko, still lurking out of sight beside Masami. You don't bring that up, though, instead saying, "Seriously, I'm just here to talk. Not sure if you heard me or not, but my ability is to control Grief, and purify Soul Gems. I'm offering my services if you need them, because I'd like to be on good terms with my neighbours."

Masami crosses her arms. "Right. Pull the other one."

"I'm telling the truth," you protest. "I'll demonstrate, too."

"Go on, then," Masami challenges, before a thought seems to strike her. "... actually, one moment." The redhead shuts the door, and you hear the clatter of the security chain as she pulls it off, and the low murmur of conversation. When the door is pulled open again, both Masami and Hiroko are standing there, watching you with wary eyes.

"Right," you say, glancing up and down the corridor, making sure that there's no one see. You manifest your Soul Gem from its ring from, and hold it out to them to let them see the minor sheen of corruption swirling on its surface. "Grief, right?"

Reluctant nods from the pair, Hiroko looking particularly intent upon you.

You raise your other hand, and pull the corruption free to form a small cloud. "And just to prove it," you say, pulling out one of your Grief Seeds, still unused. You tap the Grief Seed against your Soul Gem, and hold it out for them, displaying the distinct *lack* of Grief transfer.

Both the girls stare, looking completely poleaxed, jaws hanging open. A moment later, Masami's head twitches slightly in Hiroko's direction, and the black-haired girl nods minusculely, seemingly in response. They're having a telepathic conversation, that much is obvious to you.

You can't help but smirk as you stow both your Soul Gem and the Grief Seed, tucking them away as your ring and into your pocket. As an afterthought, you collapse the cloud into a marble, letting it orbit your finger as you wait for the pair to finish their debate.

"Give us a moment," Masami says, one hand on the door and one hand reaching for Hiroko's shoulder.

The black-haired girl turns to face her and frowns at Masami. "But-"

"Or actually," Masami says loudly, over the smaller girl's protest, "Maybe you could come back tomorrow?"

"Masami- She could hel-" the black haired girl squeezes her eyes shut, as if fighting off an impending headache. "Tomorrow's Friday. She might not-"

**\[] Agree to come back tomorrow
\[] Insist on staying here
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Fun fact: Typing 'import antigravity' into Python actually works.
