# Surface Tension pt. 21

"Excuse me," you say loudly, cutting across the pair's burgeoning argument. Two pairs of eyes, one brown, one green, turn to look at you. "I *can* come back tomorrow, if it works out better for you."

Masami nods quickly. "That would be better," she says, tossing a quelling look at Hiroko, who in turn nods reluctantly.

You shrug. "Alright, then, tomorrow. Any preferred time?"

"Uh..." Masami exchanges a glance with Hiroko, who shakes her head. "Around now?"

"Sure," you agree readily. It's not like you have much else to do. "One more thing, though," you add, raising a finger. "I'm mostly pretty free, so you can contact me any time sooner if you want me to come by." You smoothly switch to telepathy, reaching out to the two of them. "*We should be able to telepath each other.*"

"*Noted,*" Masami responds the same way.

"Alright. See you, then," you say.

"See you," Hiroko says, followed by a quick "Bye," from Masami. The door shuts behind you as you walk away, and you can hear the argument resuming.

As you stroll out of the building at a casual pace, you keep a metaphorical eye on the pair with your *other* senses. By the time you're at the stairwell, they've moved over to the couch, and a few minutes later, you can feel the sheathe of magic around Masami wink out. Conserving magic? Eventually, they break up, one moving to what you guess is their study, and the other staying there on the couch.

Feh. Domestic disputes.

You walk into the alley beside the building and bound to the roof, wincing at the cracks you're *still* leaving in the walls. Once you reach the roof, you reach for a Grief Seed, and *yank* a tremendous quantity of Grief out, enough that your wings billow out to the twenty meter wing span. The Grief Seed is still fairly cloudy when you pocket it again.

A powerful flap, and you lift off easily, rising from the roof top. This time, you've got a better idea on how to do this, and you flap more gently, but with a longer draw time. The flight is a lot smoother, this time, though you still wobble clumsily as you fly.

You bank east, rapidly rising in the mid-afternoon thermals, well past the height of the skycrapers. As you cut across the city like some enormous bird, you admire the glittering cityscape laid out beneath you. Shining skycrapers in the city center, giving way to shorter, less grandiose buildings, all crisscrossed and interlinked by massive roadways twisting and looping around each other. And, of course, the occasional, *nonsensical* rolling swathes of greenery interspersed with housing which makes *no damned sense* in land starved Japan-

You choke back the thought, simply enjoying the peace, way up here in the sky as your flight gradually smoothens out. Your wing tips describe enormous, lopsided, sideturned 'D' shapes, making your flight smoother in contrast with the jerking slams of a few hours ago.

The flight across the city soon has you over the old industrial area, nearly deserted as it always is. You carefully avoid the few factories still operating, and the powerplant on the edge of the area, skirting around the pillars of flue gas exhausted from the towering smokestacks.

You circle a bit, finding a nicely deserted spot, before coming in for another landing.

...

You don't exactly nail it, and there's a great big rent in the side of a warehouse where your wing clipped and carved effortlessly through steel. You're intact, though, and you're in the yard of an old warehouse, surrounded by a tall, chain-link fence.

There's a rusting tower crane nearby, should you feel the need to get up high for whatever reason, and plenty of room. A few old hulks of machinery lie about, here a tremendous internal combustion engine you guess originated from a truck with dried crusts of oil pooled underneath it, there the abandoned scoop from a digger...

You have a little time, perhaps two hours to explore your abilities before you should head over to the hospital to find Mami and the others. What to do, what to do...

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Today's random trivia: The proper term for a power plant's (or similar) exhaust is 'flue gas'.
