# Surface Tension pt. 22

Hmm. First things first; musical accompaniment. You spin your instruments out of Grief marbles, hesitating a moment and trying to figure out a wind section. Tunable pipes are easy enough, but airflow is tricky... Eventually, you settle on bellows of a sort, and begin playing [something](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rD_kWE8BL6c) dredged from your memory.

Right then.

You bounce on your feet, eager to test out new things. For science and all!

The first thing... well, Grief armour's something that's been floating about your brain for a way. You'd rather like to know what it'd do long term, though. A quick look around the area.... yields you a random piece of metal rebar. You whip the rebar overhead in a spin before slamming one end of it into the ground to embed it upright in the floor. You dissociate a Grief marble, and hold the resulting cloud around the end of the rebar - you'll come back to take another look at this later.

The obvious thing to test are those two massive constructs hovering behind you - your wings. Flying's remarkably fun, after all! You try to *lift* yourself by the wings the same way you move Grief around - to your complete lack of surprise, it works as expected. You move yourself upwards, then horizontally sideways, then backwards, wings unflapping all the while.

... well, it works, but you look rather silly, you opine to yourself. Like you're being moved around by a giant, invisible arcade claw machine. Still... you reach behind your back, sliding your hand over your shoulderblades. And that's the point - the wings *aren't actually attached to you*, and yet they can still provably move you around.

Magic is *such* bullshit, you muse as you hover over to where you'd left the piece of rebar to check on it. You pull the Grief cloud aside for a moment, and glance at the metal. It looks norma- wait. You squint at it more closely - it's *glowing*. Very dimly, but nevertheless a deep, almost-black purple.

... Huh. You put the Grief cloud back around the end of the rebar - you still need to see how it reacts over longer periods. For now, back to the wings...

You sort of wonder whether you can change how those work, though, you muse as you land on the ground again. You prod at the wings with your Grief manipulation - interestingly, you can sense tendrils of magic connecting from you to the wings, which makes sense. Similar tendrils wind through every bit of Grief you have - your bag, with all the marbles in it, shows up as a incandescent bundle of magic and Grief.

So... can you move the wings away from yourself?

You try it, 'grabbing' one wing with your Grief manipulation and trying to pull it awa- "Urk!"

You succeed in pulling yourself off balance, falling over backwards, arms pinwheeling and wings flailing. There's a distinct mess on the ground -deep furrows carved out of the dirt- and dust coating your back when you get back up again.

... that's really kind of strange. Absently, you [music](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5Erl-y9b_4) tracks, since the last song finished. You dissolve one of the wings, letting yourself go one winged angel, as it were - the wings don't actually weigh you down, so the lopsided balance doesn't make a difference.

Instinctively, you feel that you should rebalance the wing into smaller wing*s*, even as you let the Grief from the dissolved wing billow out in a tremendous, roiling cloud. It's an instinct you can tamp down on, certainly, but then again, you have instincts for roof hopping that tell you you should try to land like *so* and not like *that*... You give in, and let the wing equalize to form two smaller wings.

So the wings are wings, and forming them into that shape comes with a bundle of instincts. How odd, you muse as you meld the *enormous* Grief cloud back into the wings to get them out of the way, wings rippling back out to size.

You keep a moderately sized cloud, though, and you let it hang in front of you, diffuse and bilious. A twist of your will has small, finger length and needle sharp spikes coalescing out of the cloud, lancing out in a flash. Simple enough, but it's good to confirm that you can do it.

You keep one of the spikes going straight up, observing it as it continues upawards. As it leaves your sphere of influence, it dissipates, thinning out into the air - but not before a moment of *coherence*, where it seems to try to *shift*... It's there and gone in a flash, though. Perhaps something to be investigated later.

The next thing to do is... Hm. Marbles are awfully unwieldly, and a Grief Seed is evidently a much denser source of storage. Maybe you can try compressing stuff? You hesitate, and pull more Grief from your wings, and force it to accrete into a basketball sized sphere in front of you.

You focus on that sphere, and try to force compress it into a smaller, denser mass.

... It's like trying to crush a bowling ball. It just doesn't *want* to become denser, no matter how you try. Still, you keep trying, because gods*damnit* you're not letting this stupid inanimate thing *win-*

... So how do Grief Seeds work?

"*Sabrina?*" a familiar telepathic voice intrudes on you. Mami.

"*Yes, Mami?*" you respond, glaring balefuly at the mass of Grief, still obdurately basketball sized, albeit a misshapen sphere from where you absolutely did not lose your temper and start smacking it with your warhammer. Absently, you dismiss the warhammer lying discarded on the ground, and halt your Grief... well, you suppose it merits 'orchestra', now, with the variety of instruments you have in there.

You take a moment to walk over to the rebar and check it. It-

"*Ah... school's over. Would you like to join us at the hospital? We're visiting Sayaka and Hitomi,*" Mami asks.

The rebar, still standing upright where you left it, is... *corroded*. The part that was inside of the Grief cloud is weathered and pockmarked, and flakes of rust litter the ground around the rebar.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

[This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYDW2A5-Cbw) exists, so it seems reasonable that Sabrina *can* do wind instruments.
