# Surface Tension pt. 23

"*I'll be right there, Mami!*" you reply to Mami.

You give the melted rebar one last, long look as you pull away the cloud, flicking the piece of steel with your finger. It cracks lengthwise, structural integrity apparently completely gone.

Huh.

Your hair and back are *covered* in loose dirt and there's probably bits of gravel and things stuck in your hair, but those'll probably sort themselves out when you detransform later. For now, you'll still need your wings. You collect all the loose Grief, collapsing your impromptu orchestra back into marbles, and adding the Grief cloud to your wings.

Speaking of which...

You launch yourself into the air, jumping powerfully and flapping the wings. This time, though, you cheat a little, using your Grief manipulation to give yourself a hair more lift, a sliver more control. You *could* just drag yourself around without flapping the wings at all, but that's *entirely* unstylish.

You arrow across the city, heading towards the hospital at a relatively leisurely pace - you can easily match your roof-hopping speed, and you can probably go faster if you need to.

"*Hey, Homura?*" you telepath to the time traveller.

"*Yes?*" she replies.

"*We're going to the hospital right now. Would you like to come along?*" you query.

"*I'm headed there right now,*" she informs you.

"*No, I mean actually visiting, with Madoka and Mami,*" you clarify.

"*... I *am* with Madoka and Mami right now,*" Homura replies after a short, puzzled pause.

"*Oh, excellent,*" you say brightly, immediately cheered by that. "*Alright, then another thing... would you consider helping Mami and I heal Kyousuke's hand? It'd help mend bridges with Sayaka, and... remove some of her worries.*" You emphasize the 'worries', hoping that she understands your meaning.

"*We can talk later,*" she allows.

"*Alright. See you soon,*" you say.

"*... see you,*" she says.

It doesn't take you too much longer to reach Mitakihara General. Landing... is still an issue, since you have no idea how to do that.

On the other hand, you can *cheat*.

Grief manipulation has you stopping dead in the air, your limbs flailing a bit like a ragdoll at the sudden stop, and you then lower yourself down directly onto the roof of one of the hospital buildings.

... It occurs to you that if you ever need to, you can probably pull of an *incredibly* badass entry.

... one day.

You reach into your pocket, pulling out Hildegard's Grief Seed to replace the Grief. Looking at it, though... it seems *less* cloudy than it did a few hours ago. You stare at it, trying to figure out how that happened. Mayb-

Homura's standing in front of you, in the white and purple of her puella magi uniform. Behind her is Mami, similarly resplendent in her own costume, worried frown on her face. The three of you are bound by Mami's ribbons, and the world is hued in the monochromes of timestop.

Homura is busily rifling through your pockets, which you instinctively flinch away from and shove her away. "Hey!"

"Sabrina," Mami begins speaking quickly. "You have a *severely* overfilled Grief Seed - we could feel it from over there." The blonde points off in the distance.

You blink at her, and plunge your free hand into your pocket, finding the *other* Grief Seed you have and pulling it out. When you look at it, it is *visibly* pulsating and surrounded by a *sheen* of Grief, and now that it's been pointed out - you *do* notice it, pulsing faintly on your senses.

"What *happened*, Sabrina?" Mami asks anxiously.

---

- [ ] Write-in what to tell Mami
- [ ] Call for Kyuubey
- [ ] Rebalance the Grief between the two Seeds
- [ ] Proceed to visit...
- [ ] Write-in

---

Specify conversation if you're visiting anyone other than Sayaka. Oh, and Madoka, too, if there's anything specific to be said.
