# Surface Tension pt. 24

"I... don't know," you respond, looking blankly between the two Grief Seeds - Aurora's, horribly overfilled and throbbing menacingly, Hildegard's, somehow *emptier* than it should be. "I didn't even *touch* that one, honest!"

Mami frowns. "Then why is it so overfilled? It's dangerous."

"Hmm... does Grief transfer between Grief Seeds when you touch them together?" you ask curiously. "It doesn't, right?"

"It doesn't," Mami tells you.

"Why does this Grief Seed look like that?" Homura asks, pointing at Hildegard's Grief Seed, in its smoky, rather than obsidian black, glory. The black haired girl is frowning at the odd looking Grief Seed - you suppose she would have seen plenty of about-to-hatch Grief Seeds, but this, on the other hand, would be the first half-empty one she's come across.

"I extracted some Grief from it to make my wings," you reply. "Speaking of which, um, let me try something?"

Without waiting for an answer, you hurriedly put Hildegard's Seed aside for a moment, and *yank* at the Grief in Aurora's. The Grief comes free almost sulkily, heavy, ropy streamers oozing from the Grief Seed. It almost feels like the Witch is trying to hang on to the Grief, but you counter that easily.

You observe Aurora's Grief Seed closely as the Grief flows away - you can feel an *impression* of the Witch again, the blues and blacks and marble of the Barrier *trying* to reform - the Witch was definitely trying to hatch again. There's a sensation of... hunger, predation maybe?

Hildegard, by contrast, is simply... quiet, the Grief sitting immobile within the Grief Seed. You wonder, and hope that perhaps it's turning back into a Soul Gem. Maybe, maybe not - nothing seems to be happening right now.

You convert the Grief from Aurora's Grief Seed into marbles, forming a several hundred which you pack neatly away in your sling bag.

Mami visibly relaxes as the Grief Seed returns to a more conventional state, subtle tension of her muscles releasing. "That's *amazing*, Sabrina," she murmurs.

Homura nods in silent agreement. "Could I have a look at the other Grief Seed?" she asks.

You shrug, and hand over Hildegard's Grief Seed.

Mami, by contrast, is rather more interested in looking you over to make sure you're alright. She walks over to you, and captures you in a tight hug, avoiding the massive wings still hovering behind you. "Now, don't do that again! I- do you know how *worried* we were when we found out *you* were the source of the hatching Witch? Even Homura?"

Out of the corner of your eye, you see Homura give the blonde a sour look.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

You have three hundred and twenty seven Grief marbles in your sling bag, and one Grief Seed in your hand.
