# Surface Tension pt. 27

You look down at your feet. "You're right, Mami. I'm sorry I tried to rush thin-"

Mami reaches out, placing her fingers under your chin and gently tipping your head back up to face her. "Don't be," she tells you. "You have a good heart, and you're doing the right thing. You just need to pace yourself."

You smile. "Thanks, Mami."

She shakes her head. "As you said to me yesterday, for nothing, Sabrina. I said nothing that wasn't true."

"Thank you, nevertheless," you say. "A-anyway... we'll go back, and tell Sayaka we'll do this on her terms? I mean, Kyousuke is *her* friend."

"That would be better," Mami approves. "Madoka, too, since Hitomi is her friend, too. We need to all sit down and talk this over properly, before we do anything."

"Hm, OK," you say. "I- I'll defer to your judgement on this, Mami. How do you think we should handle this?"

She smiles a little, looking thoughtful. "Well, you had the right idea. Bring everyone together, and tell them. But as I said, we really need to talk this over with Sayaka and Madoka. And Homura, too." Her smile fades. "I would have asked Kyuubey to help, but I don't- I don't think Sayaka would like that."

Your own mood, bouyed by Mami's praise, plummets, and you grimace. "About that... are you OK? I mean, I know it's a huge shock, and he's your friend... It can't be easy to find out that someone you consider your friend did something like that."

Mami swallows, looking faintly unhappy. "I..." she licks her lips. "I'm sure he must have a very good reason for it. And you told him not to do it, and he agreed, right? Or maybe he just... made a mistake." She forces a laugh. "I mean, it's like anime, right? A little mistake, and then silly antics occur as a result, and then we have a happy ending."

"... yeah," you smile weakly. "I hope so."

She just doesn't know. She just doesn't *know*.

You sigh. And on *that* unhappy note... "Bah," you mutter. "There's... one more thing, Mami?"

"Oh?" Mami looks worried, her usual half-lidded gaze a tad sharper than usual.

"Yeah," you rub at your face, reluctant to broach the topic. "I guess... I'm not going to rush it, but, um, you know. I thought I should warn you first. And to be perfectly honest... I'm not sure how to put it properly, either."

Mami gives you a long look, and a wan smile. "I... trust you, Sabrina. Take your time."

"Thanks," you say, smiling gratefully at her.

"Anyway," Mami says. "Shall we go back?"

"... yeah," you agree.

The two of you walk back into the lounge, to find Sayaka glaring at nothing in particular, and Homura look as imperturbable as always. Madoka's gaze is darting between the two anxiously, and she looks hopefully at you when you return.

"... alright, what happened here?" you sigh as you seat yourself back in the squashy armchair, sinking back into its soft embrace.

"*She* told us not to be magical girls!" Sayaka complains loudly, much to Madoka's dismay, who shushes her urgently.

"I warned her that being a magical girl doesn't have a reward," Homura says implacably.

"Homura!" Mami says sharply.

"I'm not wrong," the black haired girl challenges, violet eyes meeting golden ones without flinching.

"Enough," you snap, cutting across both of them.

Mami blinks, and looks away. "Y-yes. You're right, Sabrina." Homura just nods, similarly breaking off the staring match.

"Ahem," you clear your throat loudly. "Anyway. I'm sorry, Sayaka, Madoka, for rushing things. I... I just wanted to see this done quickly, you know? But they're *your* friends, first and foremost, I shouldn't have presumed."

"It's OK," Madoka says. "I- I think it's great that you want to help."

"Yeah," Sayaka nods, still darting little glares at Homura. "Just... gimme some time to... y'know, get used to the idea."

"Mmmm," you say. "Then... when you think it's a good time?" Out of the corner of your eye, you see Mami give you an approving nod.

"Yeah," Sayaka says. "... thanks. A lot."

You shake your head. "I've done nothing yet."

"Still, it's the thought, right?" Sayaka says.

You shrug. It *feels* like you haven't done anything. You glance at the clock - it's getting later, and you'll probably have to cut short the visit to Hitomi, if you go at all.

---

- [ ] Visit Hitomi
- [ ] Conversational topics
- [ ] Don't visit Hitomi
- [ ] Go for dinner
- [ ] Write-in

---

Nothing much t' say, this time.
