# Surface Tension pt. 29

... oh.

She's talking about Kyouko, isn't she.

"It's a nice place to hang out," you say carefully.

"Mmm," Mami says, still leaning on you.

You remain quiet, surveying the city laid out beneath you - this building isn't *quite* the tallest in Mitakihara, but it's certainly *one* of the tallest. A tremendous, multilayered expressway interchange is practically at your feet, rivers of car lights flowing and crisscrossing below. One of the expressways is heavily congested, the angry red of brake lights glowing across its lanes.

Off to the east, you can see the darkened areas and stumpy, abandoned metal structures of the industrial district, and even further east, the great river separating Mitakihara and Kasamino, sparkling under the ruddy hues of the setting sun. Mami follows your gaze, and sighs, but doesn't say anything further.

It's not too much later when a burst of purple light catches your eye, far below in the vertigo-inducing distance. You lean forward a little, squinting. It appears again, and you relax, slouching backwards again.

Another burst of purple, and Homura appears over the edge of the roof, landing gracefully and shading her eyes as she squints up at the two of you, sitting on the antenna spar above her. "I'm here," she says redundantly.

Mami sighs and kicks her feet out, hopping off the platform and doing a graceful flip to land gracefully on the roof below. You follow suit, albeit less flashily, landing neatly beside her.

"I'm showing Sabrina one of my patrol routes," Mami says.

"I see," Homura says, turning to look at the cityscape. "East to the highway overpass?"

Mami nods, looking mildly surprised. "You're very astute," she comments. "Yes, that's where we're heading next."

Homura flips her hair, silky strands flowing through her fingers and streaming straight out to be caught in a sudden updraft from the streets below that sets her hair fluttering straight out, a midnight banner perfectly backlit by the setting sun.

... gods *damn* how does she do that.

Mami raises an eyebrow, seeming to pay the motion close attention, one of her hands seemingly unconsciously tugging at her own golden drills.

As Homura's hair settles, she steps to the edge of the roof and gestures in a generally easterly direction. "Shall we?"

"Yes," Mami nods, and takes a step forward to the side of the roof. You step up beside her, with Homura on your right, and the three of you launch yourself off the side of the roof.

...

This is a *really* long drop, you realize as the wind whistles past your ears and sets your coat flapping wildly behind you, a deep blue banner flowing in the wind.

"*Oh, I just remembe-*" you break off as you land on a roof, wincing as you leave a *very* obvious crack in the roof despite your roll to bleed off momentum. "*Oops. I really need to learn how to fall properly.*"

Warm laughter from Mami fills your mind. "*That will be our first lesson, I think!*"

"*Heh. Anyway,*" you say as you leap across another canyon seperating two buildings, "*Oriko contacted me earlier.*"

"*Oh?*" Mami says cautiously, followed closely by a curt "*And?*" from Homura.

"*Yeah, she said that there'll be girls from Sendai around tomorrow,*" you say, avoiding mentioning that Oriko directed you to contact them.

"*Oh, is *that* all?*" Mami says in relief. "*Kyuubey told me that they would be passing through a while ago.*"

"*Oh,*" you reply, taken aback. It... makes sense, you suppose, puella magi are fiercely territorial, and you probably have to negotiate clearances with established puella magi to travel about.

You vaguely wonder whether there exist magical girl immigration officers, demanding that you present your papers or denying you entry or something.

... probably not.

"*Is there anything else I should know?*" you ask.

"*Hmm... no, not really. They shouldn't be here long,*" Mami tells you.

The rest of the journey is relatively quiet, and despite the long loop, you don't find any Witch Barriers. It's getting late, though and the sun is beginning to dip beneath the horizon now - you'd guess it's about 6:30PM, or thereabouts.

"Sometimes, it's just quiet," Mami observes, as the three of you stop on a rooftop near your original starting point, the hospital.

"Hmm. That's a good thing, really," you say. Homura glances sidelong at you.

"It is," Mami agrees.

"Anyway, a cleanse?" you suggest, looking at Mami and Homura both.

Mami smiles, reaching up for her hair pin to detach her Soul Gem and present it to you. Homura holds up her left hand, similarly displaying her Soul Gem.

With a careless wave of your hand, you cleanse their Soul Gems. Again, Homura's Soul Gem is a little darker than you'd expected, given the last time you'd cleansed her.

"Thank you," Mami smiles. A heartbeat later, Homura belatedly echoes a quiet 'thanks'.

Mami interlaces her fingers, and stretches her arms, palms out. "What shall we do now?" she asks, directing the question at no one in particular.

**\[] Dinner
\- \[] Eat out
\- \[] Cook
\[] Another patrol after dinner
\[] Write-in conversation
\- \[] Try to invite Homura along again**

\=====​

Homura can do this little air-step thing. She used it against Walpurplenot.

You have one thousand and thirty five Grief marbles in your sling bag, and two Grief Seeds in your pockets.
