# Surface Tension pt. 30

"Well, it's getting late," you say. "Shall we head home for dinner?"

Mami beams. "Sounds good." She glances at Homura. "Would you like to come along, Homura? It's no trouble at all." You can't help but smirk to yourself - you were *just* about to ask, even if Homura had said no, earlier.

Homura shakes her head minutely. "No, it's OK."

"You sure, Homura?" you say. "Because *I* am pretty sure that you're going to go back home to instant noodles again. Or maybe not even that, hmm?" You raise your eyebrows, and gesture at her shield, where you *know* that she stores instant noodles, at least.

She shakes her head again. "I won't," she denies.

"Won't what?" you ask. You hold up a hand, though, and her next comment dies unspoken. "I won't force you... just, you promised to take care of yourself, remember?"

Homura sighs. "Yes. I'll... eat out."

"OK," you nod.

Mami's looking between the two of you, and smiles tentatively. "That's settled, then?"

"Yeah," you say. "I guess we part here, Homura?"

"Yes," the time traveller agrees. "... see you tomorrow, Sabrina, Mami."

"See ya," you reply.

"Tomorrow," Mami affirms with a nod.

You watch the time traveller take off over the rooftops, and sigh. "That girl *desperately* needs someone to take care of her."

Mami nods in agreement. "She does."

"Anyway," you say. "Home?"

"Yes, home," Mami says, a smile rising to her face. She turns, and leaps off, with you following closely behind her.

"*Homura,*" you call as you follow behind the blonde.

"*Yes?*" the response is quick.

"*I noticed your Gem was rather dark,*" you say.

"*Ah.*" Homura says, pausing for a moment. "*I... took the opportunity to kill a Witch. And checked on Madoka.*"

"*Oh, I see,*" you say. You get the impression she's not telling you *everything* she did, though.

"*I will be restocking my weapons tonight,*" she says.

"*Ah, cool,*" you say. After a few awkward moments of silence pass, you add, "*I guess that's it, then. See you.*"

You smile to yourself as you feel Homura disconnect, and you bound forward to catch up with Mami, just ahead of you. You can't help but compare your roofhopping styles - hers is a graceful, very traditionally magical girl running, touching down, sprinting a step or two, and then leaping again, leaving behind an untouched rooftop in flagrant defiance of Newton's laws, perhaps with a sprinkle of acrobatic flips here and there.

Yours, by contrast, is a minimal, simplistic style, making use of your entire body to absorb momentum to avoid shattering rooftops everywhere you go, a roll here to bleed off momentum, judicious usage of all your limbs to spread out the impacts. It doesn't always work, especially after the longer jumps. You wince as if, exactly on cue, a rooftop shatters underfoot. Thankfully it's mostly superficial damage.

People can probably trace your progress across the city by following the broken roofs.

"*Mami?*" you call.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" she replies, glancing at you.

"*How do you *do* that?*" you ask. "*Roofhop like that, I mean?*"

She chuckles in response. "*Practice! I've got some tips I definitely want to show you during our practice session!*"

"*Ah, I see,*" you smile. You guess she's really looking forward to that practice session. "*Oh, speaking of that... there's something I want to show you when we get home.*"

"*Oh?*" Curiosity colours Mami's tone. "*I look forward to it, then!*"

It doesn't take too long for you to get back home. You remove your shoes and pad in behind Mami, meandering over to the shelf where Mami's left her schoolbag and dropping your slingbag with a thump and the muted clicking of a thousand marbles sliding against each other.

"We're cooking dinner tonight?" you ask rhetorically, seeing as Mami's already making a beeline for the kitchen.

"We are!" Mami calls back cheerfully, disappearing into the kitchen. You follow her, a few marbles of Grief poking their way out of your bag and reforming into your Grief orchestra.

It occurs to you that you can change the *properties* of Grief under your control. Perhaps that might be useful?

As you walk into the kitchen, you have the instruments fan out and hover silently near the roof, out of sight. Mami's looking into the fridge, evidently trying to decide what to cook. "Hmm... Sabrina, do you take seafood?" she asks absently.

"Uh, sure," you answer.

"OK, I meant to cook these prawns yesterday... does tempura prawns sound good to you?" the blonde asks, opening the freezer to retrieve a tray of peeled prawns.

"Yep," you say. Dredging a familiar tune from your memory, you begin [playing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lujEQHNeVE) softly, at the barest edge of your hearing as you walk around Mami and reach for the cupboard where you'd seen the deep fryer. "Rice?" you ask.

"Yes, I think so," Mami nods. She doesn't seem to have noticed the music yet, and you slowly increase the music. You retrieve the rice cooker too, as the blonde pulls out a bag of flour for the batter.

You set up the ricecooker, dumping enough rice and water for the two of you into the ricecooker before starting it up while Mami busies herself behind you, preparing the batter for the prawns. As she bustles past you, you catch Mami humming softly, a short, familiar strain, her head swaying to rhythm. "Hmm\~hmmmm *mmm* hm\~*mmmm...*"

You can't help but grin to yourself, making sure that she can't see said grin while you pour oil into the deep fryer.

"Hmm... Sabrina, do you hear something?" Mami asks.

"Hmmm?" you say, carefully schooling your face to impassiveness before you turn to look questioningly at her.

"Some music?" she's frowning, having paused from where she's battering the prawns.

You bump up the volume into full audibility, and laugh when Mami's head jerks upwards to stare at the ceiling. You bring the instruments down to eye level, letting them fan out behind you as you grin at her.

"I said I wanted to show you something when we got back, right?" you grin as you weave in more instruments as the tune strikes its triumphant crescendo. "And... I thought you might like this tune."

Mami *stares*, jaw working wordlessly. "I... that's *amazing*, Sabrina," she says. "It's... you- it's perfect. How did you *know*?"

You shrug, a little self consciously.

"I..." Mami seems at a loss for words, a smile blossoming on her face. Finally, she laughs, shaking her head. "You keep finding new ways to amaze me. What's next?"

"I don't know," you smirk. "But if I did, I wouldn't tell you\~" you tease.

"Aw," Mami pouts. "Not even for your dear Mami?" She clasps her hands, trying to looking cute, lower lip wobbling. The effect is rather ruined by her floury fingers and prawn still clutched in one hand, though.

You chuckle. "Sorry!"

"Awww," she says, but a smile belies the disappointed tone. "How did you know that tune, though? Do I... sleep-hum, or something?"

You shrug. "I'm... not sure, really? It just seems... perfect for you."

"It... maybe it's something to do with your powers?" Mami suggests thoughtfully.

"Maybe," you agree. "Uh, Mami." You point at the prawn still in her hand, an enormous drop of batter gathering beneath it.

"Oops!" Mami quickly returns the prawn to the dish, and begins battering the *rest* of the prawns. "Is the fryer ready?"

"Yep," you answer after a quick glance at the temperature readout. "Pass 'em over."

Mami slides the tray between you, and you quickly begin dropping prawns in with a hiss of boiling oil. "Umm, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"Mmm?"

"Could you play it again?" she asks.

"Of course," you say, setting your musical instruments in motion again. "Hmm... miso soup?"

Dinner is quickly prepared, Mami humming along to the music with a happy smile on her face, and you soon find yourself sitting down before a gently steaming spread of food, your instruments packed away for now.

As you dig in, a thought strikes you. "Can I borrow the phone after dinner?"

Mami gives you a quizzical look. "You don't need to ask for permission."

Another shrug. "Ehhh," you answer, wiggling your hand aimlessly at her.

Mami sighs fondly. "Who do you want to call, anyway?"

"Nagisa," you answer. "Just to check on her, you know?"

"Ah, I see," Mami says with a soft smile. "Sabrina, friend to all she meets, huh?"

You chuckle, stirring your spoon in your bowl of miso soup. "I wouldn't say that," you deny, privately thinking of Kyuubey.

Mami shakes her head, clearly disagreeing, but returns to eating, as do you, and you soon finish. Cleanup is a little more laborious; cleaning out the deep fryer is tricky, but you finish in due time. Mami pulls out the day's homework, and begins working on it.

You meander over to the phone, and dial Momoe Shin's number. It rings a few times, before he picks up. "Hello, this is Momoe Shin. Who is this?" he asks.

"Hello, Mr. Momoe. This is Sabrina," you say, feeling a moment of curious deja vu - didn't he reply almost exactly the same way the last time you'd called him? Then again, you were using Mami's handphone last time, and now her landline phone. He wouldn't have this number in caller ID.

"Ah, Sabrina!" the businessman replies. "Busy day?"

"Yes, it was," you affirm with a chuckle. He has *no* idea.

"Alright, I'll pass the phone t-"

"BIG SIS!" Nagisa yells into the phone, loud enough that Mami hears, and looks up at you. You roll your eyes and mouth 'Nagisa' at her. The blonde giggles, and returns to her work. "You didn't call today! Are you OK? Did something happen?"

"I'm fine, Nagisa," you soothe as you sit down on the sofa. "Just had a busy day today. How are you?"

"Today was good! Uncle Shin had to bring me to some big offices!" Nagisa replies.

Big offices? Handling adoption, or something maybe? "Oh, how did that go?"

"There were some scary people there," Nagisa confides. "Uncle Shin made them go away!"

"That's good." You think. The man seems to know what he's doing, anyway.

"How was your day?" Nagisa asks cheerfully.

You grimace. Can't tell her about the hospital - that'd probably bring up bad memories. Well, you can fib a little. "I had to do some work," you say.

"Bleh, work!" You can imagine the pout on Nagisa's face. "Big sis did well?"

"Yes, I did," you smile. The conversation with Nagisa continues for a bit, but eventually, you're interrupted by a telepathic voice.

"*Uh... Sabrina?*" You've only heard the voice once before. Hiroko, the girl apparently living with Masami.

"*One moment,*" you reply. "Hey, Nagisa? I'm sorry, but I have to go now." You *could* talk to the both of them at once... but it feels rude, really.

"Oh, OK," Nagisa says. "Call tomorrow?"

"Sure," you reply. "Bye."

"Bye!"

You end the call, and shake your head - she's bounced back quite well, it seems. Or perhaps she's simply repressing it.

"*Yes?*" you reply to Hiroko, putting the phone aside.

"*Um... you said you could come over any time, right?*" the girl asks.

Ah. This would be the request Oriko predicted, then. "*Yes, I did.*"

"*Could you come by in the morning tomorrow?*" she asks tentatively.

---

- [ ] Agree
- [ ] Disagree
- [ ] Write-in next morning's first activity

---

The next vote will carry you through to the morning. Vote appropriately.

Oh, and here ends Chapter 4: Surface Tension. The next chapter begins with the next update; Undue Alarm.
