# Undue Alarm pt. 1

"*My apologies, something unexpectedly came up, and I'll be meeting a visiting magical girl,*" you say. "*Can we stick to the afternoon appointment?*"

"*Uh?*" Hiroko asks blankly. "*A visiting magical girl? Uh, could you wait a moment?*" You get the impression she's checking with Masami.

As promised, she continues a minute later. "*Afternoon should be fine.*" The black haired girl hesitates a moment, before asking, "*Are you... ah, never mind.*"

"*Uh?*" you reply.

"*It's nothing, just a passing thought,*" Hiroko says. "*Good bye.*"

"*Bye,*" you reply, disconnecting.

You wander over to where Mami's doing her homework, and lean over her shoulder, looking curiously at her work. "Missing power here," you note helpfully, pointing out the mistake.

She smacks your hand away playfully. "Let *me* do my homework! Go take a shower," she scolds, before smothering a yawn.

"Heh. Fine," you say, and head in to the shower as directed.

When you come out, dressed in the same set of old pajamas, she's setting aside her homework, presumably finished. She glances at you thoughtfully. "You know, we need to get you some clothes of your own," she says. "You can't keep wearing my old things forever. Maybe this weekend?"

You pluck sheepishly at the hem of your top, just barely reaching the top of the pajama pants. At a guess, this would have been comfortably loose on Mami - while it *fits*, it's barely long enough for you. "Yeah, I guess so," you say. "Is it OK, though? You can't keep spending your money on me."

"Don't be silly," Mami smiles. "It's not a bother at all."

"Well, thanks," you say gratefully.

You seat yourself at the couch as Mami heads off to shower herself, and you reach for the remote, idly flicking through the channels. More or less as expected, there's nothing of interest happening, and the news won't be for a while. It's probably better to check tomorrow, anyway.

Mami emerges from the shower, hair damp and hanging free from its usual drill shapes in a cascade of gold down her back. She towels it dry, and winks at you when she sees you looking. "Magic only goes so far, you know!" she says.

She sits beside you on the sofa. "Is there anything worth watching?"

"Not that I'd found, no," you say, passing her the remote.

She thumbs through the channels, but doesn't find much, either. It's a Thursday night, you suppose. She eventually settles on a rerun of some random anime that you hardly pay any attention to as you half-doze on the couch, letting your hair dry - longer hair is *annoying*.

Eventually, Mami leaves the couch, murmuring, "I'm going to go and brush my hair."

And finally, you judge your hair dry enough to go to sleep, and walk to Mami's room to say good night.

When you stick your head in to the room, you find Mami standing in front of her mirror, head tilted *just so*, hair settling on her back from a very familiar motion and her hand outstretched in an equally familiar, if abbreviated, pose. She lets out a tiny 'eep!' when she sees you.

You stare at her.

She stares back, reddening slightly.

"I'm going to sleep," you announce, a very tiny smirk tugging at your mouth. "Good night, Mami."

"I wasn't doing anything!" she says defensively.

"Mmm. Good night, Mami," you repeat patiently.

"I was just curious," Mami protests.

"Yes, and I'm sleepy now, and so are you, I'm sure," you say, covering a yawn that's only half faked. "Good *night*, Mami."

"... good night, Sabrina," she replies.

You close the door behind you, and walk over to your room. Again, you close the door and sit on the bed, before letting that tiny smirk blossom into a massive grin.

... you sort of wish you had a camera, you muse as you settle down to sleep.

\=====​

The night is thankfully uneventful, but when you awaken at your usual time, it's to the endless drumming of a heavy rain storm. You give the weather a baleful glare through the window, before bumping out of the room in the darkness and fumbling your way through your morning ablutions.

You head in to the kitchen, setting the kettle to boil some water for tea, the first thing. You can hear Mami moving around, too, and she joins you in the kitchen a few minutes later, offering a sleepy "Good morning," and a yawn.

"Good morning," you echo.

"I think-" Mami yawns widely again "-we'll have some rice this morning? Looks like it's going to be a cold day."

"Sure," you shrug. "Hm... miso again?"

"Eh," Mami says, rubbing her eyes. "Why not? Some warm soup is good for this weather."

You shrug. "Mmmkay."

In the living room, a few of your marbles float out of your sling bag, folding out to form musical instruments. You twang a string to catch Mami's attention, and she looks up from the chopping board and smiles.

You soon find yourself sitting in front of a simple spread of rice, some miso soup, pickled vegetables, and so forth. A lunch box sits in front of both you and Mami. Idly, you fold your musical instruments back into marbles, and click on the television, hunting for a news channel.

Mami gives you a questioning look, which you shrug in response to. "Just curious if there's anything interesting happening."

Click. "-investigations are still ongoing in the blaze early Wednesday morning. Police reports state that no signs of arson have been found..."

"Of *course* not," you mutter sourly.

"Hmm?" Mami asks. You don't think she's quite paying attention to the news.

"Eh, never mind," you say. You suppose it's a bad idea to talk about Oriko to Mami.

"Mmm," the blonde says, eating some rice.

"... recent break through in medicine may lead to a cure for cancer..."

Again? You can't help but roll your eyes at that one.

"-heavy rain today over most of Mitakihara, lasting throughout the day..."

"Well, that's just great," you mutter, spooning up some soup and enjoying the warmth.

"Hmm?"

"Raining the whole day, apparently," you tell her.

"Oh," she says. "I should have a spare umbrella."

You shrug. "Eh. I'll figure something out."

"OK," Mami says.

You leave the house with Mami, locking the door behind you. She's holding two umbrellas, one slung over her elbow by the handle, and the other a foldable one which she passes to you. You've got your usual sling bag hanging across your shoulder, marbles all packed away neatly - there's *just* enough room to squeeze in your lunch box on top of that.

The two of you walk to the bus stop in companionable silence, rain bouncing off the umbrellas, rivulets running down the streets and into the drains, or pooling into puddles in depressions on the road. Thick, grey clouds cover the sky, blotting out the sun, and the street lights cast tiny cones of light highlighting every fat droplet of rain cascading past. Thankfully, there doesn't seem to be lightning.

"See you later, Mami," you say when you reach the bus stop, and Mami folds her umbrella. You keep yours open - you're not stopping here.

"Take care, Sabrina," she smiles. "I'll see you after school?"

"Of course," you say. Leaning the umbrella against your shoulder, you step out of the bus stop and rejoining the miserable, sodden herds of humanity thronging through the streets again, casually sliding into an out of sight alleyway.

You look upwards, twirling the umbrella idly to shed water. This is going to present a unique challenge, you muse, before sighing and folding the umbrella to stick into your bag - there's really no way to stay dry, is there? Almost instantly, the rain plasters your hair to your face, and you push it out of the way before you transform in a blaze of light.

To your surprise, you find that you're dry after your transformation - for an single moment, anyway, before the rain again soaks through your hair. Still, your coat seems to shed water with ease. Doesn't keep the rain out of your face, though.

Grief marbles billow out of your bag, warping and melding to form your Grief wings. You crouch, and jump hard, taking flight - cheating, and using your Grief manipulation to bring you straight up. You don't particularly fancy punching through brick walls by mistake.

"*Oriko,*" you call.

"*Yes?*" the seer replies, sounding as unruffled as she usually is.

"*Where do I find the Sendai girls?*" you ask.

"*One moment,*" she says, presumably focusing on her powers. "*This is expensive, you know,*" she adds off handedly, and rattles off an address you vaguely recognize as being in the west side of the city. "*You will find them... in a park between the flyover and the shopping center there.*"

"*Right,*" you say, and disconnect. You bank in that general direction, cutting across the city at speed. The raindrops hitting your face are kind of annoying, though, and a little thought has some of the left over marbles forming a disc hovering over your head to shield off the rain.

Well.

Wings and a halo. Technically the halo isn't a halo and, well, a solid disc, but you'll take it.

Heh.

You spy the park you suspect is the one Oriko was referring to, and make a few loops over it. There's virtually no one there; just a pair of girls walking on a path winding beside a pond. A closer pass confirms that they're both magical girls, and they don't seem to have seen you - or at least, neither looked up.

You grin.

You tilt your body *just so*, and you fold the wings, letting yourself plummet.

You slam into the gravel path a few meters in front of the two girls, wings flaring wide just enough to prevent you from shattering your ankles. Chips of gravel go flying everywhere, and you straighten, smirking at the two girls, both of whom are flinching away from you.

The girl on your left has blonde hair, done up in a pony tail that falls to the middle of her back. Bright green eyes, behind a pair of glasses, are set in a pleasant, rounded face. Said eyes are widened in surprise, staring at you. She's shrouded in a blue raincoat that disguises her figure, though you can see that she's tall, almost as tall as you.

The girl on the right is whipcord thin and wiry - by contrast, she's not wearing a raincoat nor using an umbrella, allowing you to see the wiry muscles on her forearms tautened into tightly strung cable, presumably thanks to the shock. A shock of messy brown hair, almost black thanks to the rain, frames brown eyes and a nose that looks like it's been broken before. At a guess, she's older than you are, as is her companion.

"Welcome to Mitakihara, ladies. I'm Sabrina," you announce yourself with a wide smirk, spreading your arms, and wings, wide.

A single burst of light answers you, and it fades to reveal the girl on the right transformed, a short, heavy brown jacket falling only to her stomach area, worn open over a white blouse and skirt combination. White stockings start from well above her knees, and run down to join a pair of boots. A single katana is held in her left hand.

"And who the hell are *you*?" she snarls, sword held casually by her side, but there's a certain looseness of posture that suggests that that could change in a hurry. Her voice is a little coarse, roughened from hard use.

"Sakura, hold," the other girl says, frowning at you thoughtfully, and holding out her hand to stop the other girl - Sakura, apparently. And isn't *that* particular name annoying? And curiously ironic, judging from the way the girl acts. "Miss Masami, I presume? Or Miss Wakahisa? I thought we arranged to meet after lunch?"

Wait, what?

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Hmhmm. Yeah, I got nothing.
