# Undue Alarm pt. 2

You frown, trying to decide whether to lie to them - this is perhaps an opportunity to find out if Masami's up to something unscrupulous. Ultimately, though, you decide not to do it. You'd rather stick to '*mostly* honest', in the end.

"No, I'm not," you admit. "I go by Sabrina. *Just* Sabrina," you add, briefly debating on whether to add a random surname - Japanese modes of address tend to use surnames for people you don't know well, after all.

The girl in brown, Sakura, opens her mouth to begin speaking, but the other girl cuts her off with a simple, "Sakura." The raincoat shrouded blonde purses her lips, green eyes peering at you through her glasses, clearly trying to figure you out. You let her think, the soft patter of rain the only sound. Water sleets off the disc of Grief hovering over your head and your costume, disappearing into the gravel path beneath your feet.

Finally, she speaks. "I see," she says neutrally, pushing her glasses up. "And your reason for the show of force?"

You shrug. "I'm staying with Tomoe Mami - I presume you know who she is." The green eyed girl nods, while Sakura shrugs. "More pertinently, I'm meeting with Masami-san and Hiroko-san-" you use the slightly more formal mode of address, here "-later today. My power lets me control and cleanse Grief, you see, letting me spam magic, and other magical girls, the same. They thought it might be helpful for Masami's condition."

"You can *what?*" Sakura exclaims in surprise, while the blonde blinks in surprise, before quickly schooling her face back to impassiveness.

You nod. "I can cleanse Soul Gems," you confirm.

"Leaving that aside for now, that only partially explains why you're here," the green eyed girl notes, her tone remaining even and pleasant. "Sakura and I are merely passing through, and meeting with Masami on the way." She taps her chin thoughtfully. "I can understand Miss Tomoe sending an emissary to keep an eye on the foreign magical girls, of course, and perhaps even credit the claim that you're here to help. The latter is, of course, rather difficult to believe."

Sakura sighs theatrically, before spinning her katana and driving the tip into the gravel and leaning on it. You suppose that'd be a terrible thing to do to a *real* katana, but, well, magic. The girl grumbles. "Rin, you're always talking. Talking talking talking. Did you *really* need me for an escort? Could've gotte-" She stops talking, a frown growing on her face. A telepathic conversation, you recognize.

The green eyed girl, Rin, apparently, wearily removes her glasses, now splattered with water from the katana, folds it, and tucks it into an inner pocket. From the way her head is set, and the way Sakura's body language shifts to annoyed acceptance, she's probably remonstrating with the other girl.

"My apologies, Miss Sabrina," Rin says. "Continuing on. Assuming that we take your claims at face value, your entrance, and current appearance, was clearly a show of force intended to awe and cow. Why?" Sakura's stance shifts, weight shifting to the balls of her feet and muscles tautening. Rin's stance is similarly light, ready to jump back on a moment's notice.

How *do* you look?

To them, you suddenly dropped from the sky in front of them in the midst of pouring rain, enormous wings patterned after the same malevolent mold of a Witch Barrier at your back. White hair over a dark blue long coat, blowing in the wind - you probably cut a rather intimidating figure, if not an outright terror-inspiring figure to those less secure in themselves.

Huh.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Jumpy, jumpy. I wonder why.
