# Undue Alarm pt. 3

"Ehm. So I seemed pretty intimidating just now, huh?" you ask.

Rin gives you a dry look, seeming to peer over glasses that she's not actually wearing at the moment. She remains light on her feet, weight balanced carefully on the balls of her feet. Sakura's reaction, by contrast, is simply to tighten her grip on her katana.

You'll take that as a yes, then. You stifle your gleeful grin - it won't help here. "Ah, well. My apologies for that - I *was* going for a badass entrance, and got carried away with it," you admit easily. You jab a thumb over your shoulder at your wings, and add, "I'll just put these away for now."

You decide to go with a touch of flair, here, and let the wings dissolve in ripples, waves of marbles accreting out of the fabric of the wings, starting from the wing tips and finishing at your shoulders. The marbles loop around you before they neatly pack themselves away into your slingbag.

Neither of the Sendai girls relax, Sakura looking even *more* perturbed, if anything. Rain slicked gravel shifts under her feet as she rocks a little from side to side.

"Those wings were made of Grief," you say, to fill the ballooning silence. "It's something I can do."

Silence, from the both of them. Guessing from their slight shifts in posture and little flickering movements of their eyes, they're talking telepathically, neither of them quite willing to make a first move.

"OK," you say, after a few tense minutes of staring at each other. "Look. As an apology for the scare, may I help to cleanse any spare Grief Seeds you happen to have? I can restore a Grief Seed to an unused state." You grope in your pocket for Aurora's Grief Seed, mindful of Hildegard's Seed in your *other* pocket. You demonstrate with the Grief Seed, drawing forth a small, bilious cloud of Grief and letting it hang in the air.

Both of the girls *twitch* when the Grief comes free of Aurora's Grief Seed - it probably lit up on their senses like a Christmas tree. Sakura's head jerks violently enough to send droplets of water flying, staring first at Rin, and then back at you, but they don't otherwise comment.

You replace the Grief in the Grief Seed, and said Grief Seed back into your pocket. "So, yes," you repeat. "This is something I *can* do, and something I'm willing to do for you as an apology for the scare."

"*Do remember that you should see Masami this afternoon,*" Oriko's telepathic voice suddenly intrudes.

"*Shut *up*, Oriko, I'm talking to the Sendai girls,*" you snap in irritation.

Silence, both telepathically and without, the rain continuing to wash off the disc forming your umbrella.

Finally, Rin speaks. "We are here on your sufferance," Rin states, formally. "We would not... presume upon you in such a manner, however, we would like to continue on our way. I presume that we will see each other again soon, in any case."

---

- [ ] Let them go
- [ ] Follow them at a distance
- [ ] Insist on sticking with them
- [ ] Write-in reasoning
- [ ] Write-in

---

Tsk.
