# Undue Alarm pt. 4

You sigh. "Very well. Again, my apologies for the scare."

Rin inclines her head, and begins walking away. A long moment later, Sakura similarly turns to walk away, footsteps crunching over the gravel.

A few marbles rise out of your bag, and you let them expand into billowing clouds of Grief. The cloud goes one direction, while you go another - heading into an alley and bounding up to the rooftops, following the pair of magical bonfires moving west at an unhurried, walking pace.

It's tricky, keeping them in sight with the rolling curtains of rain sleeting across the city. You can barely make them out, two distant, blurred figures, one calmly walking down the street and the other moving in jolting, scurrying bursts, outpacing and then waiting for the other - Rin and Sakura respectively. Still, you can track them unerringly using your Grief senses, even if they're out of range of your 'normal' puella magi senses.

As the Grief marbles reach the edge of your range of control, you crush them back down into marbles and recall them, the little spheres zooming back to you. You think that that'd be enough of a decoy, anyway - the marbles should have passed out of *their* sensing ranges long ago.

The Sendai duo amble into a nearby cafe. By the time you move to an angle where you can see them, they're sitting down at a table with what are presumably warm drinks in front of them.

Which sounds like an excellent idea, in this weather, even if your Grief umbrella and your coat are keeping you relatively warm and dry.

But that's for later. You put the thought aside as you look around for something on this rooftop to sit on, finally settling on an old air conditioning vent. To your annoyance, some water soaks through your longcoat and into your pants, but it offers you a good view of the the pair, who are, it seems, arguing quietly. Both of them are hunched forward over the table, and Sakura is gesticulating wildly. A quick estimation of directions tells you that she's waving in the general direction of the park your altercation had taken place in.

Hmm. They're talking about *you*, at a guess?

"*Oriko,*" you snap.

"*Because they will react differently to Masami,*" the seer returns instantly.

"*And that is helpful because...?*" you prompt tetchily. You'd swear Oriko is congenitally incapable of giving a straight answer.

"*Masami will offer to join the Sendai group in return for healing,*" Oriko says. "*If something *isn't* done, they turn her down. She will turn into a Witch shortly, and so will Hiroko.*"

"*And I can't offer to heal her because...*" you reply, still watching the duo argue down below. Sakura's crossed her arms over her chest and is leaning back in her chair, tight, knotted body posture radiating annoyance.

An audible sigh, transmitted telepathically. "*I am not omniscient. I can only tell you what I see. I don't actually know what or why Masami needs healing, nor why you can't or won't do it.*"

"*Ugh,*" you grunt back, and let the connection drop. Down below, Sakura finally seems to relent, grabbing her drink and draining it in one long pull before standing. She takes a few steps away, and then turns, jabbing a finger at the blonde, before stalking back out into the pouring rain. She turns a corner into an alley, and vanishes.

Between one heartbeat and the next, Sakura's body seems to distort in a direction *other* to reality and then simply vanishes - you can't sense her anymore, with your Grief senses nor puella magi senses.

... huh.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Mmmm gravy.
