# Undue Alarm pt. 5

Hmm... a teleporter, it looks like? Or maybe a phase shifter, or something.

"*Oriko, can you tell me where Sakura's going to be?*" you request, still keeping an eye on Rin. The ponytailed blonde seems disinclined to move, though, simply remaining in the cafe and sipping at her drink.

"*Who's Sakura? Sakura Kyouko?*" Oriko replies, a tone of vague confusion in her voice.

"*One of the girls from Sendai. Brown hair, katana, some kind of teleporter?*" you tell her.

"*Ah. One moment,*" Oriko says. "*She went... I don't know.*"

"*Explain,*" you demand. "*The feathers again?*"

"*No, I don't recognize the location,*" Oriko replies. "*Oh. My apologies, it's somewhere in Sendai.*"

"*Right,*" you say.

So Sakura went back to Sendai. Right.

For now\... Rin's alone. You might as well try to see if you can get anything else out of her, when Sakura, the more jumpy one of the duo, isn't here.

You hop off the roof, descending behind the building, out of sight of the street. You pull out the collapsible umbrella and open it before dissolving your Grief umbrella, packing it away as marbles in your bag. A quick detransformation later, you stroll casually out onto the street, umbrella held in one hand and leaned against your shoulder.

... your shoes are getting wet.

You walk over to the cafe, a generically western one that serves coffee, tea, and other similar beverages, bright light shining cheerily out through the glass front. You immediately spy Rin, who's frozen with her cup halfway to her mouth. You give her a friendly wave, and then proceed into the cafe and up to the counter, where you order a cup of tea.

You wait patiently for the minute or so it takes the unreasonably cheerful man working the counter to prepare your drink, and then collect it and walk to Rin's table. The blonde looks resigned, and is clutching her mug tightly in both her hands.

"Hi again," you say pleasantly as you take the seat vacated by Sakura not so long ago.

"... hello," Rin replies at length, and then falls into silence again.

You take a sip of tea, enjoying the warmth that pools in your belly and spreads out to your chilled limbs. Bottle green eyes continue to watch you warily, Rin seeming content to let you make the first move.

"Where's your friend? Is everything alright?" you ask.

"She's fine," Rin replies, short and clipped. "I sent her on an errand."

You swirl your mug a little, watching the little bits of froth circle the tea. "Hmm," you say. "You know, I was, and still *am*, willing to help with... well, almost anything. My earlier offers still stand."

"So noted," Rin replies, again short and clipped. She hasn't drunken from her cup the entire time - too nervous?

You nod. "So if you don't mind my asking, why stop at Mitakihara? Why'd Masami want to meet you?"

The girl sighs, closing her eyes. "We were travelling to Ishinomaki. Mitakihara is on the way. Miss Gaikotsu caught wind of our passage through here, and asked to meet us. I believe she is intending to request membership to our group."

"I see," you nod.

"Hmm," Rin says. "I believe you mentioned that she has some manner of condition?"

You nod.

"Would you be willing to elucidate on that?" she asks.

---

- [ ] Answer
- [ ] With what?
- [ ] Don't answer
- [ ] Stay
- [ ] Continue asking about...
- [ ] Leave
- [ ] Continue watching from afar
- [ ] Write-in

---

Wait, she doesn't know?
