# Undue Alarm pt. 6

You exhale, a long breath out through your nose to buy a moment to think.

"I'm... honestly not sure abut the specifics," you admit slowly. A quick glance around at the other customers - but it's hardly crowded in here, what with the deluge of rain reducing outside movement. "OK. What I *do* know is that both Masami and her friend are burning a *lot* of magic on whatever it is. You'll have to ask her for anything more, I'm afraid."

A minor frown flits across her face, and green eyes flick to yours, then away. "I see," she says mildly, and takes a drink from her mug. You shrug.

"Do you have any idea why she might approach you, specifically?" you ask. "Maybe something related to your power, if you don't mind sharing?"

The blonde gives you an odd look, half puzzled and half chagrined. "... *I* am Mori Rin, magical healer. I would *assume* that Miss Gaikotsu has a problem along those lines," she says dryly, with a little twist on her lips. "And I *thought* I had a little more fame than that."

"... ah," you say. "Sorry, I'm a little ignorant of the news on the, ah, magical girl grapevine."

"Not surprising," Rin allows. "Tomoe Mami is..." The older girl seems to think better of what she's about to say, and presses her lips together and her gaze leaving yours again.

The conversation lapses again, Rin's ire seeming to have petered out. You take a long sip of your tea.

"You know," you break the silence again. "I'm trying to improve relations between *all* of the local magical girls, so me helping Masami if I possibly can can only help everyone in the long run."

"Noted," Rin says.

"*And,*" you raise a finger to punctuate your statement. "If she wants to join up with your group, I'm fine with that, too. I'm just trying to be neighbourly. I don't mind extending the two of you the same courtesy, regardless."

The blonde regards you for a moment, before looking away again. "Noted," she repeats.

You sigh in exasperation. "I don't bite, you know," you say, with some ire. Again, that quick, judging look.

Your attention is captured by something happening nearby - a twist, an *eversion* into reality, resolving into the appearance of a magical presence. Two magical presences, in fact.

There's enough time for you to leave, before they get here, you think.

---

- [ ] Leave
  - [ ] Excuse yourself with...
- [ ] Stay
- [ ] Write-in

---

A new player has entered the field.
