# Undue Alarm pt. 7

You decide to wait.

"Hey," you address Rin. "Your friend's back. Do you want some privacy, or may I stick around?"

The blonde looks at you, surprised, but shakes her head. "No need."

The two presences pause in the alleyway, and it's easy enough to sense the level of corruption built up by one of them. Minute movements of a familiar abyssal pinprick of Grief speak to what's happening - and indeed, the corruption in the Soul Gem whirls away down the endless abyss of a Grief Seed.

Cleansing after an expensive teleportation, then?

The two presences step into view soon enough. The first is the familiar, wiry figure of Sakura, as you'd suspected. The newcomer is a young looking bluenette, hair distinctly darker than Sayaka's and grown out long, falling to the middle of her back, and with a figure you can only compare to Mami's. She's dressed in an expensive looking white blouse and sky blue skirt combination, a deep blue umbrella held primly upright. Sakura, contrary to before, now also has an umbrella she seems to treat with cavalier disdain.

When Sakura spots you sitting in front of Rin, her expression flashes through surprise that quickly fades into anxiety, judging by the way her hands curl into fists. She shoots Rin a glare, and probably a telepathic 'I told you so,' judging from the sour look Rin suddenly develops.

Your presence apparently gives the newcomer pause, however, the surprise only seems to last for a split second. She gives you a pleasant nod, and you return the nod politely.

The duo from Sendai walk into the cafe and join you at your table, drawing a curious look from the man working the counter - he's seen Sakura come and go, at least, and is probably vaguely curious about the sudden congregation of roughly school aged girls. Regardless, he doesn't comment, another customer drawing his attention.

Rin jumps to her feet with a smile when the bluenette newcomer walks over to your table. "Akiko! I wasn't expecting you so soon."

"Rin," the now identified Akiko smiles. "I wasn't expecting to be *needed* so soon. I'm quite sure this isn't Ishinomaki."

"Special circumstances," Rin says. "Speaking of, we're being rude. Miss Sabrina, this is Hamasaki Akiko. Akiko, this is... um, Sabrina."

Akiko smiles and extends a hand to you in a western handshake, which you accept. Her grip is firm and sure. "I'm pleased to meet you," she says.

"Pleased to meet you, too," you say. "And yes, it's just Sabrina."

"Let me get you a drink, Akiko," Rin says.

"No need," she demurs, but the healer is already moving off to join the queue. The bluenette stares after Rin, eyebrow raised and look of confusion etched on her face.

Sakura slams herself grumpily down on to a seat, folding her arms across her chest and glaring at the ceiling, while Akiko recovers, and seats herself opposite to you. You take a long sip from your cup of tea, waiting for her to make the first move.

"Miss Sabrina," Akiko begins. "I understand from Sakura that you are able to clean Soul Gems directly?"

"Yeah, that's what she said," Sakura grunts, removing her gaze from the ceiling for a moment. "Feels like a damn *Witch*, too."

Akiko shoots her a quelling look, and Sakura subsides. The bluenette looks back at you.

"Yes, I am," you say.

"Interesting," Akiko says mildly. "And impossible. What do you charge for your services?"

You open your mouth to protest the 'impossible', before digesting the next bit. "Nothing," you shrug. "As I told Miss Mori, I'm simply trying to improve relations. And it's *magic*. Why should anything be impossible?"

The bluenette gives you a long, evaluating look. You suspect she's also conducting a telepathic conversation, judging from the small movements her eyes make - she's better at hiding it than the others. "You may wish to consider charging for it," she says, finally, before chuckling deprecatingly. "However, that's merely the advice of a nosy stranger."

"Either way," she rises smoothly to her feet, pushing the chair back. "I believe that we have business to see to with Miss Gaikotsu. Ah, Rin."

The blonde is, indeed, returning, this time bearing a takeway cup of gently steaming coffee. Sakura similarly rises to her feet, carefully not looking at you.

"Good day, Miss Sabrina," Akiko says, dipping her head to you politely.

"Aki-" Rin starts, before breaking off. "Ah. Well, good day, Miss Sabrina. It was nice meeting you," she says.

"Yeah, bye," Sakura grunts.

---

- [ ] Ask to go with them
- [ ] Let them go
  - [ ] Follow at a distance
- [ ] Write-in

---

Fun fact; this update was nearly half written before the previous one. Predictable.
