# Undue Alarm pt. 8

"Good bye," you say, remaining at the table.

You rock your cup in a circle, watching the last quarter or so of your tea swirl. What on earth happened there? Rin sent Sakura back to Sendai, where she presumably found and talked to Akiko, who came back here and looked at you a bit, or something.

Huh.

You shrug, putting the thought out of your mind, and drain the rest of the tea. Black Ceylon, the really cheap kind, but at least it's not teabags, you think. Eh. You get to your feet, and regretfully leave the relative sheltered warmth of the store, wandering out into the rain with just your collapsible umbrella to protect you.

The wind's picked up, now, and the puddles forming on the street are growing deeper.

Still, you find yourself in an inexplicably good mood. "Hm-hm-hmm-hm-hm-hm-hmmm\~" You skip a few steps through the rain, uncaring of the splashes of water soaking into your shoes, and the odd looks from the few people still on the streets in this weather. "And you can act real rude and totally removed and I can act like an imbecile\~"

... yeah, you don't have the voice to pull this one off.

"*Hey, Oriko?*" you say telepathically.

"*Yes?*" Oriko replies.

"*Do you dance?*" you ask, enormous grin splitting your face.

A very long pause.

"*... yes?*" the seer says. "*I took ballroom dancing lessons.*"

...

Huh.

"*... Well, OK, then!*" you say, good cheer mostly undiminished, if a bit flummoxed. "*D'you need a cleanse? I suppose I've got some time to stop by.*"

"*That would be appreciated,*" Oriko says. "*Directed visions are... expensive.*"

"*Right,*" you say. "*On my way, then.*"

You stroll down another side alley, folding your umbrella and putting it away, replacing it with a disc of Grief you angle to let the rain cascade off behind you. You transform in a blaze of light, the comforting weight of your coat settling on your shoulders. Your wings billow out behind you as marbles flood out of your bag and dissolve them into the rippling mass of corruption.

You grin, and leap, dragging yourself upwards by your Grief manipulation on the wings - you don't really dare to flap them, not here in the close confines of the alley. Doing mostly superficial damage to rooftops is one thing, carving holes right through walls is another.

The moment you clear the buildings, you flap powerfully. You don't really *need* to - but they're *wings*, so you flap them. You gain height rapidly, cutting through the falling rain with the Grief disc angled ahead of you - you imagine that you'd probably be blinded by the rain, if you didn't have it.

Your flight across the city is accompanied by the rattling of the rain, every thundering wingbeat shedding *sheets* of rainwater. Still, good humour undampened, you hum to yourself, juking in the air in imitation of a dance. *Sort* of dance, anyway. Well. If you're going to be honest, you're just kinda wiggling in the air.

...

Now that you think about it, it's a good thing you're doubly out of sight, what with flying and the heavy rain to obscure you.

You swoop down on Oriko's house, riding the gusting wind and relying on its relative seclusion to hide you. Coming in for a landing amongst the windswept rosebushes, you see that Oriko's already pulling open the glass doors leading into her backyard, eyes squinted against the wind. Kirika's hobbling up on her crutches to stand beside the precog.

You walk over, collapsing your wings without any theatricality. Oriko shuts the door behind you. "Welcome."

"Hi, Sabrina," Kirika says, waving awkwardly. Her expression is stuck somewhere between a smile and a frown.

You detransform, returning to a pleasantly dry state. "Hello, Oriko, Kirika," you say.

"Take a seat," Oriko says, waving her single hand at the living room.

You shrug, and meander over to the living room as indicated, Kirika's crutches clacking behind you. Oriko flits off into the kitchen, presumably to prepare tea for you.

"So I hear you're getting on well with Oriko" you say, looking at Kirika as she settles on the larger sofa. You've seated yourself on the single sofa.

Kirika reddens. "Eh he he..." she chuckles, unable to meet your eyes.

You smirk.

She reddens some more.

You lean back. "So, did you call your parents?" you ask, deliberately shifting the topic to keep her off balance.

"Eh?" Kirika asks. "Oh, yeah, I did. They're uh... Oriko talked to them. I... um." She looks downcast.

"Right," you sigh. To be expected, honestly.

When Kirika next speaks, it's *her* turn to throw you off. "Thanks, I guess."

"Huh?" You sit up, and cock an eyebrow at the berserker.

"For, you know, not killing us," Kirika says.

You shrug. "I want everyone to live. I really do."

"Laudable," Oriko says, entering the room, and the conversation, with a steaming teapot. "But you realize-" What she's about to say is cut off as she returns to the kitchen, presumably to bring out the cups.

"You realize that it may not be possible," Oriko says as she walks back in, with a stack of cups held in her hand.

"Perhaps," you allow. "But I refuse to believe it's *im*possible." You'd imagine that there's metaphorical fire burning in your eyes with that statement as you meet and hold Oriko's gaze defiantly, brows knitting heavily and head tilting back *just so*.

... Maybe you should try to learn some illusion magic so you can make that literal.

Oriko blinks first. "A fine dream," she says, and busies herself pouring out the tea. The fragrance hits you first - gyokuro again, it seems.

"More than a dream," you say.

Oriko pushes a teacup to you, and you lift the cup to your face, breathing in the fragrance. The seer passes Kirika a cup, and settles next to the black haired girl with a cup of her own. Kirika immediately puts a hand around her waist, and leans against her shoulder.

You sip at your tea, as does Oriko. Neither of you make any move to break the silence.

**\[] "I should go."
\- \[] To do...
\[] Talk to them
\- \[] About...
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

So I'm already writing the next update. Let's see how little I have to change...
