# Undue Alarm pt. 9

"So," you say, swirling your cup of tea idly. "In furtherance of my 'dream', then. What can you tell me about Masami? What game are Rin and her friends playing here?"

"Masami is volatile, and desperate," Oriko says. "The Sendai girls are very mercenary. They demand... a down payment of Grief Seeds to even begin talks. Masami pays that tribute, but doesn't have the Seeds to spare." A grimace. "She begins lashing out, violently, if they turn her down, and... things don't end well."

"I see," you say, sipping your tea and internally wincing over the tenses. "And the Sendai girls?"

Oriko similarly takes a sip of her tea. "They're telling the truth about going to Ishinomaki," she says. "They'll be there in a day or two. More than that... again, I am not omniscient. I understand that they have some degree of fame; Akemi Homura or Tomoe Mami should know more."

"Right," you say. "Thanks for the tip, in any case."

The conversation goes quiet, except for the continued downpour of rain from outside and the occasional slurp as Kirika drinks her tea.

"What can you tell me about your visions?" you ask as a thought strikes you.

The seer shrugs. "They're... visions," she says.

"No, I mean... how finely can you predict things?" you ask. "Could you try to see girls Witching out before it happens?"

"No," Oriko shakes her head, before stopping. "Yes. Maybe." She frowns, eyes unfocusing. When you open your mouth to comment again, she holds up her hand to quiet you. "I follow\... threads, of visions. The starting points of those threads are... somewhat random, but it's... easier to follow some than others."

You grimace. "Unhelpful," you say.

The seer shakes her head. "Can *you* describe how your Grief manipulation works?"

"Sure I can, I reach out with- Hm." You frown, trying to find the words for it. Your powers are... instinctive, like another set of limbs and senses. "OK, point taken. So can you, or can you not?"

"*Maybe,*" she repeats. "Some people are more... visible than others." She gives you a very pointed look.

You sigh. "Fine. I want to know, if you see anything."

Oriko nods.

"So in the future you averted-" The seer shushes you urgently, shaking her head vigorously, before grimacing and gingerly putting a hand to her neck.

"Not here," Oriko says. "Not... *here*."

You tilt your head. "Hmm."

You reach for the teapot and pour yourself more tea, getting an annoyed look from Oriko. There's probably some tea etiquette you're violating by not letting the host pour for you, but you can't bring yourself to particularly care.

"Anyway," you broach the silence again. "How are you two? Healing alright?"

"... yes, thank you," Oriko says. "A little sore."

Kirika rubs at her kneecap gingerly. "Yeah, I guess."

"Alright," you nod. "Anything else you need, for the next time I come over?"

"Maybe more fresh food from the fridge?" Oriko shrugs.

"Noted," you say.

"Right. Cleansing, then?" you say.

Oriko nods, and nudges Kirika, who roots around her pockets and comes out with two Soul Gems. You cleanse those, collapsing the Grief down into marbles which you tuck away in your bag, left beside your sofa.

"Right. I should go," you say, rising to your feet and picking up the sling bag. "Hmm... no. *I* should go. I *should* go? Um."

Oriko and Kirika exchange looks, Kirika looking utterly befuddled, and Oriko resigned.

"Eh, whatever," you mutter, slinging the bag over your shoulder. "I should *go*. Hm, no, that's not it."

"... I'll see you out," Oriko says, pushing herself to her feet. Kirika looks disappointed, but reluctantly lets go of the seer's waist.

"Right. Bye, Kirika," you say, walking towards the door.

"... bye, Sabrina," the girl replies.

Oriko lets you out by the back door into the rosegarden, and you casually spin a disc out of Grief to serve as an umbrella, stepping out into the wind and rain. "See you, Oriko," you say, wings of corruption already rippling into existence behind you.

"Good bye," Oriko says, shutting the glass door and locking it.

You launch yourself into the sky, winging out over the city to gain height. "I sh*ould* go," you mutter to yourself. "Eh, never mind. I should just let it *go\~*"

You hum, wings thundering to lift you up above the rain shrouded Mitakihara. "... spiralling in frozen fractals all around\~" Maybe a nice dress?

It's about lunchtime, now. You *have* a packed lunch, and you've a little time before meeting Masami. What now?

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

You have one thousand and forty eight Grief marbles, and two Grief Seeds in your pockets.
