# Undue Alarm pt. 10

Mami and the others probably won't be taking a rooftop lunch today, you figure. Not with the rain pouring the way it is. You swoop and circle, and ultimately decide against going back to that DBJ building Mami brought you to yesterday - while there doesn't *seem* to be any lightning, you'd rather not chance it.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's telepathic voice sounds, almost as if she's summoned by your thoughts.

"*Hey, Mami!*" you say. "*Lunchtime for you? I suppose the rooftop's out, huh.*"

"*Yes, to both. I'm eating in class right now,*" she replies. "*How are you?*"

"*Ehhh. Looking around for somewhere dry to eat,*" you say, banking over and swooping. "*How about you? How's school?*"

Mami chuckles in return. "*Ah, nothing much happened. We have a test coming up, though!*"

"*Oh?*" you ask, finally settling on top of another building near Mitakihara Middle School, one with a good view over most of the city bar the central business district, with its dense forest of skyscrapers. Instead of sitting on the rain-slick air conditioning vents, you form a little seat out of Grief and perch on that instead.

"*A geography test next Tuesday,*" Mami adds.

"*Oh? Better study, then,*" you say, opening your lunchbox.

"*Oh, I will, unless I get distracted\~*" Mami chuckles.

"*Hey, no,*" you snort as you begin eating. "*You don't get to pin shopping on me. Or Witch hunts.*"

"*Aw, fine,*" Mami says. "*By the way, the vegetables are*perfect."

"*Hmm?*" You try the vegetables. "*Mmm. Agreed. Hey, wait a minute, *you* cooked this.*"

"*No, I didn't,*" Mami says.

"*Yes you did.*"

"*No I didn't.*" You can *hear* the smile in her voice.

"*Yes you- No. I'm not doing this,*" you say, savouring another mouthful of food. "*See you after school, Mami.*"

"*See you, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*And no, I didn't.*"

You roll your eyes, and look over the city, letting your feet dangle. It's quickly becoming a familiar sight to you, now, the densely packed skycrapers of the business district over there, scattered patches of rolling greenery hued a deeper shade than normal thanks to the rain... The curtains of rain block out your line of sight, though - you can't even see as far as the river, from here, nor all the way to West Mitakihara.

Hmm...

Honestly, it feels like you should be standing on the tallest building around, one leg propped up and lightning striking somewhere in the background while you monologue internally. Instead, you're sitting on top of a... moderately tall building, with no lightning to be found, and eating lunch from a cheerfully bright blue lunchbox.

Oh well.

You finish up your lunch, pack up, and wing over to west Mitakihara, lighting on a building opposite Masami's apartment. You can sense two presences in the apartment, one seated and the other pacing agitatedly about.

You wait. It shouldn't be too long until the Sendai girls show up, you think.

In the meantime, you take flight again, and look around this part of the city, on the far side of town from you and Mami, as it were. It's a product of Mitakihara's post-industrial growth, you think - built after, or perhaps alongside, the industry's fade and the city's transition to business.

... hmm, a Witch Barrier over *there*. A distance away from Masami's place, but distinctly within her hunting territory, you think.

The apartments are laid out neatly, and there's fewer strips of greenery than the part you're familiar with. A few parks here and there, to be sure, but nothing as dramatic as central-east Mitakihara.

Two... *three* magical presences appear at the very edge of your senses, making their way in at an unhurried pace. Rin, Sakura, and Akiko, then. You hop lightly down into the alley between buildings and detransform, replacing your Grief canopy with the umbrella before walking out to the street proper, positioning yourself by the streetlight.

"You again!" is the first response as the trio from Sendai catch sight of you. Sakura, of course, looking more than a bit put out and rather desultorily holding an umbrella, as is Akiko. Rin is still shrouded in her raincoat.

"Me again," you nod, twirling your umbrella idly. "I thought I might as well sit in as a... neutral arbitrator."

"Very well," Akiko says, exchanging a look with Rin. The blonde shrugs back at her. Sakura, standing beside them, scowls heavily at you. "If you would lead the way, then?"

"Of course," you say, turning in the direction of Masami's apartment.

The walk over to the apartment is spent in silence - though you suspect the three of them are conversing by telepathy behind your back. When you reach Masami's door, you step aside, gesturing at them. Akiko nods, straightening and brushing back her blue hair before reaching out to press the doorbell. Rin similarly pats down her hair, slightly mussed by her raincoat, while Sakura reluctantly straightens.

You can feel both of the girls in the apartment startle. They step closer together, then apart, both of them walking to the door the door. Masami is the one to open the door this time, the door opening a crack with the security chain holding it to a thin slot. Her eyes widen. "Ah, Miss Mori!" she says. "I wasn't expecting you so early."

The door shuts again, and you hear the rattle of the chain before the redhead pulls it open fully to reveal Masami and Hiroko standing side by side. Masami begins to bow, but stops, puzzled frown crossing her face that shifts to a burgeoning anger when she spies you, standing behind Akiko.

"I'm here as a neutral arbitrator," you say.

Akiko nods, stepping forward. "I am Hamasaki Akiko, and these are Mori Rin, and Tachibana Sakura, from Sendai City." The other two nod.

"Ah," Masami says. "I am Gaikotsu Masami, and this is Wakahisa Hiroko. Please, come in." Her gaze lingers on you, but passes without comment as she steps aside to allow you in. You remove your shoes, and step up over the little step leading to the rest of her apartment.

Masami's apartment, it turns out, is fairly average, with a single three person sofa, a kitchen just out of sight, and a short corridor leading to what you presume are the bedrooms and toilet. Two extra, foldable chairs sit beside the sofa - for and Hiroko? "Please, take a seat," Masami says, gesturing at the sofa, before walking into a side room and returning with another foldable chair that she pushes at you.

You unfold the chair and position it opposite perpendicular to the sofa that the Sendai girls sit on - Rin's on the left, Akiko in the center, and Sakura on the right. Hiroko sits on one of the foldable chairs, folding her hands on her skirt.

"May I offer you some tea?" Masami asks.

"Yes, please," Akiko nods.

The redhead retreats into the kitchen, and you hear some clinking before she returns with a tray bearing a glazed teapot and cups. The tea is doled out in silence, Masami occasionally glancing at the Sendai trio, who seem happy to let the redhead carry through with the hospitality ritual. Hiroko's gaze similarly shifts quickly, darting from you, to Masami, to the Sendai girls.

Finally, Masami seats herself on the last chair. "I am Gaikotsu Masami," she begins. "I would like to request healing, in return for lending my, and Hiroko's, powers to the Sendai group." Hiroko nods.

Akiko is the one reply. "Many people require healing," she says. "And, as such, we request that you pay... a tribute simply to divert our path."

"Yes. Of course," Masami says, reaching for her pocket and pulling out a small bag held shut by a drawstring. She hesitates, hefting the bag in her hand for a long moment, before reluctantly handing it over to Akiko. You can count the number of Grief Seeds in there - five of them, which Akiko checks, before nodding, satisfied.

Exorbitant, you can't help but think. Extortionate, even. You swirl your green tea a bit before sipping it. Hm... sweet, but a bit bitter at the same time, you think, watching what looks like bits of twig drift at the bottom of your cup.

"What do you need healed?" Rin asks. "You seem perfectly healthy."

Masami swallows. "I- It's an illusion." Her hand gropes for Hiroko's, and the black haired girl squeezes her hand firmly.

"I can't give you an estimate if I don't know what to heal," Rin says.

"Y-yes, of course," Masami says.

"Wait," Akiko snaps, suddenly intent on the redhead. Beside her, Sakura's uncrossed her arms, and is leaning forward and staring at Masami as if trying to bore a hole through the illusion with her eyes. "You have borne your *injuries* for... how long, again?" The bluenette emphasises the word 'injuries'.

Masami frowns, exchanging a confused look with Hiroko. "Four months?" Hiroko nods in confirmation. "Four months, I guess."

"I see," Akiko says.

"Miss Mori can heal me, right?" Masami asks. "I... I heard she's regrown entire arms before. Chronic illnesses too, right?"

"Please, one moment," Akiko says, holding up an arm. Rin looks increasingly confused, while Akiko and Sakura seem to be embroiled in a telepathic conversation.

You're beginning to get a bad feeling about this.

---

- [ ] Intervene
- [ ] Don't
- [ ] Write-in

---

Fun fact! Oversteeped green tea tends to be bitter even if it's not supposed to be.
