# Undue Alarm pt. 11

You sip idly at your tea, and then reach out to Masami and Hiroko by telepathy.

"*Judging from their reactions, whatever discussion Akiko and Sakura are having right now, Rin isn't in on it,*" you say, holding your teacup in one hand and inspecting it minutely, as if you're completely indifferent to what's happening.

"*Fuck off,*" Masami replies. Short, concise, and almost *radiating* anxiety.

"*Masami!*" Hiroko exclaims.

"*Hmm... So, running hypothesis,*" you say, as if you're talking to yourself and putting the cup down on the table. "*I could be wrong, but judging from the way Akiko reacted *immediately* after you revealed that your injuries are extensive enough to warrant illusions... Miss Mori *doesn't* know the truth about Soul Gems. I'm guessing they're trying to protect her.*"

"F-fuck." It takes you a moment that that was spoken out loud, not telepathic. Masami's eyes have gone wide, and her hand, previously gripping Hiroko's tightly, has gone slack, her entire body trembling.

"Yes, Miss Gaikotsu?" Akiko asks, turning to glance at the redhead.

"*Hey. Hey!*" you call urgently.

Somehow, you don't think she's listening, though.

Masami slides out of the chair and drops to her knees. The table slams itself aside, rattling the teapot and cups, and the redhead scrabbles over to kneel before Rin, clutching both her hands in front of her. "P-*please*. Say you'll h-heal me. I don't k-kno-"

Hiroko drops out of her chair to kneel beside Masami, one arm around the redhead. Addressing Akiko and Rin alike, she says, "Please, we beg of you. We- I'll do anything."

"*Hey!*" you yell telepathically, and you see Hiroko flinch, while Masami doesn't seem to care. "*You still have options! If nothing else, *I'm not going to abandon you*, and I know another magical girl with healing magic.*"

"*W-wha-*" Hiroko turns a teary face to you. "*Masa-*"

At the same time, Rin leans forward, putting both her hands on top of Masami's. The healer turns to look at Akiko. "I... Akiko, can we-"

"Give us a moment," Akiko murmurs, rising to her feet, one hand insistently tugging on Rin's elbow and forcing her up. The blonde, looking bewildered, stands, gently pushing Masami aside with a muttered, "Sorry."

Masami lets her go, hands dropping loosely to her side.

Sakura uncoils off the sofa like a spring coming undone, and follows Akiko as the bluenette leads a bewildered looking Rin off in the direction of the door.

Masami's Soul Gem is an abscess of Grief - she's not quite Grief spiralling *yet*, you think, but she's certain edging towards the danger zone, at a guess. Hiroko seems to be doing better, but not by much.

**\[] Tell Hiroko to drop the illusion
\[] Insist that Sakura stay
\[] Cleanse Masami
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Hmhmm. Things proceed as they will.
