# Undue Alarm pt. 12

You don't want to leave Masami with that Grief clouding her Soul Gem or her judgement. You glance at the Sendai girls, still leaving - but you decide Masami's more important. You stand, one hand already outstretched and *pulling*.

Thick, viscous ropes of Grief stream into the air from her Soul Gem ring to form a billowing cloud you leave to hang in the air.

The oppressive sensation of the large cloud of free floating Grief washes over the whole room.

Sakura snaps her head around to stare at you fast enough that a normal person would have whiplash, while Rin stumbles a step. Akiko freezes midstep, and turns to stare. Masami wobbles in place, tension in her shoulders loosening for a second before she tenses again and stares at the location of the Grief cloud. Beside the redhead, Hiroko squeaks, and stares first at the Grief, then at you.

Silence, ringing and absolute, falls.

"So." You fold your arms. "First thing. Masami, because I'm fairly certain you didn't hear me earlier? *You have options*. I know of at least one more healer. *This* is merely the least... *awkward* route." Masami sways in place, expression halfway between shock and desperation. Hiroko hugs the redhead, one arm around her shoulder, but still keeping a short separation between their bodies.

You turn to Rin. "Miss Mori. Is there any... particular *reason* you would deny a request for healing without even inspecting Masami's injuries?"

"N-no," the blonde stutters. "Sakura, Akiko, wha-"

A blaze of light from Sakura as she transforms, emerging in her brown jacket and skirt costume. "Rin, we're getti-"

"Sakura!" Akiko says, clamping a hand down on the brown haired girl's shoulder.

"Miss Hamasaki," you say, focusing directly on the bluenette, but addressing the room at large. "Let me point out something. *I* am *literally* capable of writing a blank check when it comes to cleansing of Soul Gems, *and* Grief Seeds. So why are you eager to run away?"

"I am *not*," she denies. "We just need to dicuss something."

"Pardon me if your actions don't exactly inspire confidence." You eye Akiko's hand, still on Rin's elbow to guide the healer, and then deliberately slide your gaze to Sakura, and then the door.

"What's going *on*?" Rin asks, bewildered. "Sakura, Akiko, tell me! What's *happening?*"

Akiko swallows hard, and forces herself to let go of Sakura's shoulder. "I wish to have a private discussion. Perhaps... going outside was... ill-advised. Miss Gaikotsu, may we use the kitchen, or perhaps a bedroom?"

Hiroko answers for the redhead, who's still swaying in place, staring alternately at you and the Sendai girls. "S-sure."

"My thanks," Akiko says. "Rin, come on." The bluenette leads Rin to the kitchen.

Sakura pauses for a moment, and turns to glare at you. "Fuck you."

You shrug, arms still folded.

The brown and white clad girl glares at you for a moment longer before turning to move to the kitchen with the other girls from Sendai.

"T-thanks," Hiroko whispers, still hugging the redhead around her shoulders. "I- I think."

---

- [ ] Follow the Sendai girls into the kitchen
- [ ] Wait for a while, *then* go into the kitchen
- [ ] Cleanse Hiroko too
- [ ] Stay
- [ ] Write-in

---

Bleh. I got nothin'.
