# Undue Alarm pt. 13

"Hey, Hiroko?" you ask gently. "May I cleanse your Soul Gem too?"

The girl looks up at you from trying to get Masami's attention. "Y-yeah."

You proceed to cleanse her Soul Gem, adding to the already substantial cloud hovering in the middle of the room.

"Miss Gaikotsu... Masami, Hiroko." The redhead finally looks up at you, eyes hollow and desperate. "Look, we might need you two to just *show* them, for this to work. And Miss Mori will need to see it, anyway. So... how bad is it?"

Masami shudders, and Hiroko looks at you, distressed.

You sigh. "Look, I understand that it's not something you like to show. But... OK, look. Your power's telekinesis, right? How much... of that magic all over you is, um, holding you together?"

"Masami," Hiroko whispers, biting her lip.

The redhead looks at you, face stricken. "I- look, you don't need to know the specifics, right? It's just- I-"

"That's fine," you say.

"I- I got... a Witch cut me in half," Masami whispers, left hand slowly tracing a path from just below her right shoulder to her left hip. "M-most of my torso i-is-"

"Enough," you cut her off, not wanting to upset her further - you can *feel* her Soul Gem slowly spiking upwards. "That's... enough." Still - she's been surviving for *months*, *cut in half*?

Hiroko gives you a grateful look, hugging Masami closer.

"Alright," you say. "I'm going to go see what's going on over there, OK?" You indicate the kitchen. Without much ado, you sidle over to the kitchen, lurking just out of sight, but you don't hear anything. They're still there, though, you can sense that much. Communicating by telepathy, then?

"*So, Miss Hamasaki,*" you drawl telepathically, trying to reach for the apparent leader of their little group.

"*Yes?*" is the distracted sounding reply.

You stride into the kitchen. Sakura is leaning on the countertop, still transformed and accusing finger pointing at Akiko, while Akiko is staring her down, and Rin hovering anxiously between the two of them. You stride in, a slight swagger in your step, *I have every right to be here* written in your motion and plant yourself beside the refrigerator, crossing your arms.

Sakura glares at you, while Akiko ignores your presence. Rin darts an anxious glance at you, but seems to be more concerned with her friends.

"*Give me *one* good reason not to tell your friend what I'm pretty sure you've been keeping from her,*" you say to Akiko. Simultaneously, you raise an eyebrow, doing your best to channel Oriko's arrogant cast and drawl out loud, "Hi." Behind you drifts the cloud of Grief to hover menacingly at the ceiling.

"Fuck off," Sakura snaps.

"Can't do that, I'm afraid," you say cheerfully. "I'd rather like to know if you've worked things out with your friend here?" Telepathically, you add, "*No response, Miss Hamasaki? Her Soul's a gem, but are you willing to let someone die just to save your friend from an uncomfortable revelation?*"

"Just so you all know," you continue, "Masami's magic is pretty much all that's keeping her alive now. Miss Mori," you address the girl directly, her fluttering anxiety stilling to stare at you, "the important thing, I think, is that she needs your help. I'm sure you can do it, and quite frankly, I'm willing to pay for it."

"Miss Sabrina," Akiko cuts across your little tirade. "We would be interested in acquiring *your* services on a long term bas-"

"Fuck you, no we're not," Sakura snaps.

"Sakura, Akiko, *please* tell me what's happening!" Rin exclaims. "You're keeping something from me."

"Fuck this," Sakura snaps, and grabs Rin by the wrist, the healer 'eep'ing and struggling a little, but the brown-haired girl's grip is iron. She begins to glow, and you can feel the both of them beginning to distort *elsewhere*.

They're teleporting.

---

- [ ] Grab on
- [ ] Attack
- [ ] See if Akiko does anything
- [ ] Write-in

---

I should point out that Frozen, Pacific Rim, the MCU in general haven't actually been made yet.
