# Undue Alarm pt. 15

"Rin needs you right now - we can talk about this later," you snap at Akiko. "I can sense where she is."

"You can *sens-*" The bluenette blinks rapidly. "Right. *Later*," she agrees. "Where?"

"*Miss Mori- Rin? Hello?*" you reach out telepathically.

"*Miss Sabrina?*" comes the panicked reply from the healer. "*S-s-sakura's-*"

"Uh... two hundred meters that way-" you point "-but wait for me."

There's a scrambling noise behind you, and Masami and Hiroko appear in the doorway. "What's going on?"

"Sakura tried to teleport Rin out of here," you reply, striding over to the kitchen window. "Unfortunately..." You hold up the Soul Gem in your hand for them to see. To Rin, you say, "*Rin, your friend's OK. I know it looks bad, but she's alive, and we can help her. Just hang in there.*"

"If you're talking to Rin," Akiko says, hurrying behind you, "Let me do it."

"I- what did you *do*?" Masami breathes, glaring at you.

"Nothing!" you deny, pulling the window open and leaning out to take a look, the torrential rain instantly lashing out and plastering your hair to your head. "Um, I think you should take this, Miss Hamasaki." Without looking at her, you hold the Soul Gem out to the bluenette, who takes the Soul Gem reverently, cupping it in both her hands.

A hand grabs you by the shoulder, spinning you fully around and bringing you face to face with Masami. "*What did you do?*" Masami roars at you.

"Miss Gaikotsu," Akiko snaps, whirling on the redhead. "This was *not* Miss Sabrina's fault! Not entirely. Sakura made an... *ill-advised* move, and Miss Sabrina reacted naturally to it. Now if you will excuse me, I have friends who need me. Miss Sabrina?"

Masami's grip slackens, and you pull out of her grasp.

You shake your head, and turn to face Masami and Hiroko fully. "Masami, Hiroko, we'll be right back as soon as we can, OK? I promise you'll get healed, one way or another."

"O-OK," Hiroko says. Masami just snorts and shakes her head, looking away with her teeth clenched.

"Right," you say, looking back at the window again, and then back to face Masami and Hiroko. "Um, yes. Cleansing."

Without waiting for permission, you cleanse the Grief from their Soul Gems, the Grief slipping free with ease. "Miss Hamasaki, can you fly?"

"Hey!" Masami protests, probably at the rather rude cleansing.

The bluenette shakes her head. "No? Why are you messing around with the windo- oh."

"Yes," you say, transforming in a blaze of white light. You back up a step before launching yourself forward, one foot bouncing *up* to catch the window ledge while you duck your head *down* to clear the top of the window-

\-and you're free falling down the side of the building amidst the pouring rain, wings billowing out behind you in a rippling wave, forming first from the cloud of Grief puddled near the ceiling -Masami and Hiroko's- and joined by a *torrent* of marbles pouring out of your sling bag, dissolving into the fabric of your wings.

Your wings spread wide, and you swoop back upwards to the still open window where Akiko, Masami, and Hiroko are watching, the black-haired girl outright gaping at you. You hover in front of the window, heavy wingbeats combined with careful Grief manipulation holding you steady. Rain streaks down your face - you take a moment to fix that, a disc of Grief spinning itself into existence to shield you from the rain.

"Miss Hamasaki! Can I offer you a lift, or would you rather travel conventionally?" you shout over the rain.

"Uh..." Akiko stutters. "Uh, OK."

"Right," you say, holding your arms out. "C'mon. How's Rin doing?"

The bluenette clambers out of the window and into your arms so that you're carrying her bridal style, her head on your left. "What do you *think!* She's panicking!" she shouts back.

"Ugh," you say, and then look back at the window and the pair still standing there, transfixed. "Masami, Hiroko, again, I *promise* we'll be back."

With a powerful slam of your wings, you send yourself, still carrying Akiko, launching upwards and away from the window, and you spiral so that Akiko is hanging beneath you, still held securely in your grip. Curiously, she doesn't seem to react to the sudden, dizzying change other than to clutch a little more tightly at you.

Heavy, thundering wingbeats carry the both of you through the rain as you home unerringly in on where you can feel Rin.

"There!" Akiko shouts, pointing.

You squint, and spy two figures in the rain - *damn*, they're down on the street. Thankfully, the street seems quiet, thanks to the rain.

An extra burst of speed, and you let the wings fold and you let yourself crash to a halt on a nearby rooftop, knees bending to absorb the impact. "Wait here!" you bark, spilling the bluenette out of your arms, and throw yourself off the roof.

Pavement shatters underfoot under the force of your landing, a sharp cracking noise like thunder. "Rin!" you shout.

The healer looks up at you, eyes wild. She's transformed - heavy, frilly robes in the same dark green of her eyes, with what looks like a cream coloured undershirt and bands of yellow to offset the green. Sakura's body hangs utterly limp in the healer's desperate, shaking embrace, and both of Rin's hands are glowing bright with magic.

"S-s-she won't wake up!" the healer wails.

Her Soul Gem is a abscess of Grief on the back of her right hand, a poisonous well of corruption bleeding into the world. You *yank* at that Grief, and it floods into the air, amorphous and malevolent, but leashed to your will.

Rin sags slightly.

"Your frie- Sakura's OK," you shout, running over to the pair. "She's OK, I promise! I'll explain everything, but first..."

You gather the both of them up in a rough bear hug, the healer's breath whooshing out of her as you grab the both of them and launch yourself skyward. You spiral backwards, and let yourself slam down on the roof, releasing Rin and Sakura on to the roof.

Akiko's already moving, Sakura's Soul Gem in her outstretched hand.

"Akiko!" Rin wails. "S-sakur-"

"Hush, Rin," the bluenette soothes, pressing the Soul Gem into Sakura's hand. "It'll be OK."

"Her soul is in that Gem," you say. "It's why sh-"

"Miss Sabrina," Akiko says. "Please shut up." She waves her hand, and the rain puddling on the rooftop washes *upwards* to form a shimmering wall of water between you and the Sendai trio. Through it, you can see Sakura suddenly gasp, and bolt upright. Rin lunges at the teleporter, and grabs her in a desperate hug.

The wall's not terribly thick, and you could probably push through it if you wanted to.

"*That was poorly thought out,*" a sweet, telepathic voice observes from behind you. You swing about to see a white, cat-like form, bushy tail lashing behind it as it perches on the edge of the roof.

Kyuubey.

Of course.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

What lich-bombing would be complete without a coobie?
