# Undue Alarm pt. 16

"Hello, Kyuubey," you say neutrally, masking your annoyance.

"*Hello, Sabrina,*" Kyuubey replies, rearing up on its hind legs. It's completely dry, you notice, its fur seeming to shed water with impunity. Probably engineered for it.

"How long have you been watching?" you ask, crossing your arms and watching the Sendai trio through the shimmering wall of water. Rin's still hugging Sakura tightly, and Akiko's crouched beside the two, a gentle hand on the healer's shoulder.

"*I was observing the meeting,*" Kyuubey says, dropping back onto four legs and winding between your legs. "*It's always enlightening to watch interactions between magical girls.*"

"Is that so," you say with a sour quirk of your lips. Rin's finally released Sakura, and is sitting in a huddled little ball, hugging her legs. Akiko's crouched in front of her, talking steadily, while Sakura's sitting on her haunches a little further away, nodding along with Akiko.

"*I just don't understand you humans,*" Kyuubey says.

"Eh," you shrug. "It's not like people always understand other people either."

Rin seems to deflate on herself, and *Sakura* drags her into a hug while Akiko pats her awkwardly on the shoulder.

"*And is that not baffling?*" it asks.

"It is what it is," you say. The Sendai trio's heads snap up, and look over at you... no. They're looking at your feet... Kyuubey, who's stalking forward.

"Hey! No!" you bark, reaching down and snatching the Incubator up by the scruff of its neck. "Stop that!"

It flails its paws wildly. "*I am merely helping to explain.*"

"You're *not* helping!" you snap. Sakura's bounced to her feet, Soul Gem reaffixed to her hair, and a freshly summoned katana in her hand, expression flickering to murderous rage and gaze dancing from you to the Incubator in your hands. Rin's face shifts between shock, dismay, and anger. Akiko's expression is... deliberately neutral.

The rippling wall of water cutting you off from the Sendai girls drops, and Sakura immediately starts forward, katana coming up.

Akiko throws her arm out, barring the brown haired girl from advancing. "Sakura!" she snaps. "I think you've done enough for today."

"The hell? You're taking *her* side?" Sakura asks. "You *still-*"

"Attacking Miss Sabrina will do you no good," Akiko says, implacable glare staring the teleporter down. "We will talk later."

"Yeah, and where did our *previous* talk get us?" Sakura snarls.

Akiko's response is brutally simple. "Here." One hand makes a sweeping gesture, emcompassing Rin, Sakura, and Kyuubey.

Sakura opens her mouth to protest, and then deflates, grinding her teeth. "That's *her* fault." The protest is rather weak, though.

"No, it's not," Akiko says. The bluenette's expression softens. "Sakura, we'll talk this over later, OK? I... I jumped the gun, too."

Sakura shakes her head. "Yeah. Later."

"Now," Akiko nods, turning to look at you. "Miss Sabrina, if you would pass us Kyuubey?"

"Uh?" you glance down at the Incubator, hanging from your grasp. "Sure." You toss the little alien at Akiko, who snatches it none too gently out of the air.

The bluenette looks at Rin and holds Kyuubey out to her. "Rin?"

"Y-yes?" the healer asks, eyes focusing on the Incubator being presented to her.

"*This*," Akiko says simply. "Is the cause of everything."

Rin stares at Kyuubey for a moment. You rather suspect that the Incubator's talking telepathically to her.

A long moment, filled with the patter of the endlessly pouring rain.

The healer *screams*, a single, rage filled yell, and snatches the alien from Akiko's hands, before running to the edge of the roof. Raising Kyuubey high above her head, she hurls it with all her might towards the ground below.

You can *hear* the impact against the pavement even over the drumming of the rain on the rooftop; the crack of shattering concrete and the snapping of little bones.

Rin hunches over, planting her hands against the parapet of the roof, breath coming in harsh gasps. Akiko and Sakura both seem a little stunned at the sheer *violence* of the outburst, but Sakura quickly shakes it off, and walks over to put an arm around the blonde's shoulders. Rin turns in the half embrace, throwing her arms around Sakura and sobbing into her chest. The teleporter closes her arms around the healer.

Akiko gives you a pointed look as she walks over to join them, putting her arms around the both of them.

You take a hint, and look away.

A familiar white form scampers up the side of the roof and hops up onto a vent near you, staring at the Sendai trio. "*So illogical.*"

---

- [] Attempt to construct...
  - [ ] Coobie voltron (It looks like a lion. Sort of. If you squint.)
  - [ ] Coobie centipede (ala Human Centipede)
- [ ] Drop kick the Incubator
  - [ ] Into the street
  - [ ] Over a building
  - [ ] Over a skyscraper
  - [ ] Over the river
- [ ] Eat the Marshmallow
  - [ ] Boiled
  - [ ] Mashed
  - [ ] Stewed
  - [ ] Braised
  - [ ] Raw
  - [ ] Fried
  - [ ] Toasted over a fire
  - [ ] S'mores!
  - [ ] With red wine
  - [ ] With white wine, you barbarian
  - [ ] With a soft drink, you doubleplusungood barbarian
- [ ] FLESH OF FALLEN ANGELS
- [ ] Invent Incubator glovery (glove making)
- [ ] Invent Incubator millinery (hat making)
  - [ ] Coobieskin fedora
  - [ ] Coobieskin cap
  - [ ] Coobieskin fedora
  - [ ] Coobieskin tophat
  - [ ] Coobieskin trilby
- [ ] Long throw the Incubator
  - [ ] Against the wall
  - [ ] See how many richochets you can get
  - [ ] Skipping stone across the river
- [ ] Light the Incubator on fire
  - [ ] Tail first
  - [ ] Ear first
  - [ ] Head first
  - [ ] Feet first
  - [ ] "Hey Oriko, what accelerant did you use?"
- [ ] Pet the Incubator
  - [ ] Make it do tricks
  - [ ] Feed it treats
- [ ] Punt the Incubator
  - [ ] Into a garbage truck
  - [ ] Off a building
  - [ ] Off a skycraper
  - [ ] Into the river
- [ ] Shred the Incubator
  - [ ] Tail first
  - [ ] Ear first
  - [ ] Head first
  - [ ] Feet first
- [ ] Sit on the Incubator
- [ ] Talk to the Incubator
  - [ ] Write-in topic

- [ ] Feed marbles to Kyuubey
  - [ ] How many?
- [ ] Wait for the Sendai girls
- [ ] Go back to Masami
- [ ] Write-in

---

Yes. Yes, she did.
