# Undue Alarm pt. 17

"*Masami, Hiroko,*" you reach out telepathically. "*Things are looking... not terrible. Stay strong, I think we can get you your healing.*"

"*Oh, good!*" Hiroko says. Masami doesn't deign to answer.

"So, Kyuubey," you speak out loud, one hand reaching out to snatch up the Incubator and holding it in front of you.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" it asks.

"I think," you say as you walk over to the edge of the roof, away from the Sendai trio, "that you should go away."

Without further ado, you take two fast steps forward at a half sprint, and drop the Incubator. Your right leg swings like *so* and slams into the Incubator's descending body with a satisfying *crunch*, the impact reverberating up your leg.

Kyuubey's body sails off into the distance, and you squint at it, trying to see where this particular ballistic path will end. Unfortunately, the curtains of rain sleeting across the city obscure it from sight.

"*I just don't understand,*" Kyuubey's disembodied voice complains.

You look around sharply, hunting for the flash of white that is the Incubator, however, you don't see anything. Seems like it's just complaining at you?

A glance over at the Sendai girls again, and away. They're still holding the group hug, Rin's sobs slowly petering out.

You sigh, frowning out at the rain shrouded city. *Damn* it all.

Buildings by the dozen, light streaming merrily from their windows in defiance of the weather. Cars by the hundred, ceaselessly shuttling streams down on the roads. People by the thousands, still braving the streets on their own business despite the rain.

The world spins on, and life goes on.

You hear the low murmur of voice behind you, and pivot to see the hug's broken up, Rin holding both Sakura's and Akiko's hands tightly. Rin and Sakura both look rather shaken, but a wobbly smile is on Rin's face, while Sakura looks... less scowly. Akiko is similarly smiling.

"Hey," you say, catching their attention. "I hate to do this, but we still have a magical girl in need of healing. Rin, are you up to it?"

Sakura immediately bristles, stepping forward. "She can go an-"

"Sakura," Rin cuts across the teleporter. "I... I want to... I *have* to do this." The healer's voice cracks. "Please?"

"You don't owe them anything!" Sakura snaps.

"I don't, but..." Rin shakes her head. "Miss Gaikotsu had to live with this for... how long, Sakura?"

"Yeah? And *we* have to live wit-" the teleporter's mouth clacks shut.

Rin sighs, squeezing the teleporter's hand before letting go. "I know, Sakura. We all do. But..."

Akiko tips her head up, eyes closed, letting the rain fall on her face before she looks at Rin. "It's your choice, Rin."

"You- ugh, *fine*," Sakura snaps.

Rin squeezes both their hands again, and lets go, stepping forward to the edge of the roof and bounding for the next roof over. She doesn't crack the roof as she jumps, you note sourly.

"*You* stay the hell away from me," Sakura snaps at you, before turning to follow the healer.

You're tempted to snap back. *So* tempted.

A sigh interrupts you, Akiko standing beside you and gazing after the retreating back of the teleporter. "Sakura has her reasons for disliking you," she says. "I would put to you a recruitment pitch, but I doubt it'd work out." With that, she similarly leaps for the next roof over.

Your quirk an eyebrow, before launching yourself upwards, wings flaring wide. You shadow the bounding figures of the Sendai trio from above, three girls bouncing over the roofs back to Masami's apartment. You arrive first, landing on the roof, and wings dissolving into a spiral of marbles packing themselves away into your bag, and you let yourself in via the roof-access staircase, thankfully unlocked.

You untransform as you walk down, the blaze of light leaving you dry but shoeless, since you left *those* back at the Masami's. and you comb your hair with your fingers, smoothing it out.

You arrive at Masami's door just as Hiroko's about to pull it shut - the Sendai girls arrive before you, it looks like? Speeding up a few steps, you manage to wedge a foot in the door before she closes it. "Oh," she says on catching sight of you, and opens the door fully to let you in. "Thank you, I think."

"Hmm?" you ask, eyeing your shoes with some annoyance as you step past her.

"They came back. They say... they'll do it," the illusionist tells you.

"Good," you say.

As you enter the room, Rin's speaking. "-sume you'll want some privacy, so do you have a room which you can lie down in?"

Masami nods, her face a conflicted mess of hope and worry. "Y-yeah, the bedroom?"

"That'll do," Rin nods. "And I assume that Miss... um, sorry, I've forgotten your name?"

"Wakahisa," Hiroko supplies.

"OK. Miss Wakahisa will be going with you?" Rin says.

Masami nods shakily.

"OK. OK..." Rin says. "Let's g-go." Her voice cracks slightly on the last syllable.

"Wait," Akiko says. "I would like Miss Sabrina to go with you, if that's acceptable for everyone involved?"

"Are you fucking *serious-*" Sakura, of course.

Masami blinks, face shuttering to shock. "*Why?*"

"Miss Sabrina can control Grief," Akiko says implacably. "I think it'll be helpful."

Sakura reaches for her pocket, and pulls out a Grief Seed, holding it out to Rin. "There. Done," she snaps.

Akiko sighs. "Sakura, give me this, will you? We can talk when we're back home, OK?"

"Fuck. Later, later, later," the teleporter spits.

"*Please,*" Akiko says.

"Fuck! Fine, whatever!" Sakura says, throwing her hands up.

**\[] Agree
\[] Disagree
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

You have one thousand, one hundred and ninety seven Grief marbles, and two Grief Seeds in your pockets.
