# Undue Alarm pt. 18

"I'm fine with it," you offer. "Um... Masami?"

The redhead shakes her head, looking away. "I- I-" Hiroko slips around the room to stand beside her, catching her hand. Masami glances down at the black haired girl, who gives her and encouraging, if tentative, smile.

"Miss Gaikotsu, I understand your reservations," Akiko says. "But please, consider Miss Sabrina a safety net."

"N-no," she says, looking up from Hiroko, her face the same curious mix of desperate hope and *fear*. She takes a deep, shuddering breath. "Y-yeah. I d-don't *like* it, but-" she gulps, "-I can see why."

"Alright, then," Rin says, clapping her hands together. "Let's go."

Masami nods, and walks to the bedroom, legs jerky, Hiroko clutching her hand tightly and walking with her. You and Rin follow, the healer looking more than a little nervous, one hand wringing the other. Before you walk in to the room, you glance back at the remaining two of the Sendai trio. Sakura glares at you, arms crossed, while Akiko, having reclaimed her seat on the sofa, gives you a slow nod.

"*Thanks,*" you send to Akiko. "*It... might not be worth much, but I didn't want things to happen like this, either.*"

"*Understandable,*" Akiko says.

If you were the uncharitable sort, you'd note that she didn't actually address either of the things you said.

You shut the door behind you and take a look around the cosy bedroom. There's a double bed... and a plastic wrapped mattress, put up neatly against the wall, with some duvets and pillows stacked on the bed. A new-looking wooden closet, presumably filled with clothes, sits beside a curtained window, shut against the rain.

On the far side of the window is a dressing table without a mirror, an empty frame testament to where one *used* to be.

"OK," you say. "The first thing - what I'm here for. I'm going to be cleansing your Soul Gems, and I'm going to keep doing it."

Rin nods jerkily, as does Hiroko. Masami just grimaces.

"Alright, then." You bow your head to Rin. "How do we do this?"

"Well, the first thing is that I need to see the extent of the i-injuries," Rin says, tone clinical but wavering slightly.

Masami glances at Hiroko, who nods back, and releases Masami's hand. The redhead squeezes her eyes shut, head tilting up, jaw and fists clenched as if anticipating a blow.

The illusionist gulps, and... *relaxes*, a faint air of tension thrumming around her so consistently you hadn't even noticed it vanishing.

You can *see* the illusion unravel, the bright sparks of magic snuffing out, and to your eyes, the air around Masami rippling and a wave of colour rolling back across her body, starting from her toes, consuming the illusion.

A swathe of her body is simply *gone*.

You can *see* the bleached white of bones, with their little red cores of marrow visible in the ends splintered like so much ceramic. A few dangling, stringy blood vessels... The spongy, soft tissue of the *insides* of her lungs. Torn scraps of what would have once been a resplendent costume. The shattered remains of her pelvis, still embedded in dead yet unrotting flesh. A single, disembodied hand, jagged bone protruding from the severed wrist.

The terrifying, unsettling stillness of a corpse. No breathing. None of the subtle tremors of a human being going about their daily life.

Her Soul Gem, sparkling on a choker at the base of her neck.

A whimper, and a single tear sliding down a gaunt, almost translucent face framed by messy, unkempt red hair.

Spikes of Grief, in the Soul Gems of everyone but yourself.

"Oh," Rin says faintly. "*Oh.*"

"Cleansing," you warn, already gesturing with a hand and *pulling* with your powers. You immediately force the Grief down into marbles - not very many of them, but then, incremental cleansing.

Rin shivers, breathing deeply. "OK. Please lie down, Miss G-gaikotsu."

Moving slowly, the telekinetic complies, eyes still squeezed shut. You can see undying muscle tissue shifting under translucent skin, as Masami lowers herself to the floor, one hand -her right, *severed* hand- braced against the floor to support her weight, and then she lets herself lie flat.

Hiroko immediately crouches on her left, grabbing Masami's hand. The redhead squeezes it back with desperate fervour.

A nova of green light erupts from Rin, which clears to reveal Rin in her magical girl costume - the same heavy robes as earlier, with the kind of tremendously voluminous sleeves one might hold together to hide one's hands. It's a lighter but still deep green shade than your initial impression - but then again, that was with the costume completely soaked by the rain. Bands of dark yellow trim out the edges, and her Soul Gem, gleaming a bright, emerald green, hangs as a pendant on a chain around her neck.

Rin kneels next to the girl, robes pooling around her. "I'm going to begin the healing process now," she announces, both of her hands lighting up with a cheerful green glow.

She presses both hands to Masami's... you can't even justifiably call it a *wound*; the word is too *small* to emcompass the sheer *extent* of the damage. "The wound is clean," she notes. "... you will need to release the telekinesis for me to heal you."

Masami lets out a choking noise, but nods jerkily. Her body *collapses*, torso lying limp, detached hips sagging loosely. Hiroko clutches Masami's hand tightly, and Masami... squeezes back, a single, deeply unsettling movement of a corpse.

"Cleansing," you warn, stony faced, and proceed to do just that.

Rin shudders, but grits her teeth and immediately begins healing, starting from the chest. You watch with fascination as flesh grows, bone shards *flying* back to their rightful places, flesh and organ tissue reknitting itself, skin weaving itself across freshly grown muscle. You can't help but contrast it to the agonizingly slow pace of your and Homura's healing on Oriko. The wonders of a dedicated powerset, you suppose.

All the while, you maintain a steady stream of Grief away from *everyone*'s Soul Gems, including your own. You pack away the marbles as soon as they're formed.

It takes *minutes* to repair Masami's torso, and Rin immediately moves on to the arm, shifting on her knees. The arm is healed almost as fast as Rin can move, the healer simply sliding her flowing hands down from the shoulder, and flesh flowing into place beneath them.

Finally, Rin presses one hand to Masami's heart.

The redhead gasps sharply, her chest expanding in an inhalation. "Please *hold still,* Miss Gaikotsu," Rin says sharply.

The healer holds her hand there for a minute longer, and colour floods back into Masami's exposed skin in a rush.

Rin rocks back on her heels, smiling faintly. "It's done. Welcome back to l-life, Miss Gaikotsu."

Masami sits up, running disbelieving hands down her freshly healed self, prodding wonderingly at herself. Hiroko squeals in delight and tackles the redhead back to the ground, hugging her tightly.

"I think... we should give them a moment," Rin suggests.

You nod, and the two of you quietly leave the room as Hiroko babbles happily at the still stunned redhead.

Sakura and Akiko are having an animated, but silent conversation, or rather, Sakura is, while the bluenette frowns disapprovingly at her. Both look up at the pair of you when you enter the living room.

"It went... well," Rin answers the unspoken question. "We're giving them a moment."

"Good," Akiko says, smiling. "How are *you* feeling, Rin?"

The healer shakes her head. "She's alive. She's *alive*, Akiko. I- she- we *all* are. We're not dead."

Akiko nods, smiling. "That's good to hear," she says. You can see Sakura frown in response to Rin's statement, but she hides it in favour of a less scowly expression.

... you know, you're pretty sure she has expressions *other* than varying degrees of scowling. You've seen them before, even, when you'd first introduced yourself to them.

... well, it's obvious she's annoyed, but you have to wonder at the *why*.

The door slams open behind you, and footsteps thunder over. A ballistic flash of red tackles Rin from behind to wrap the healer in a tight bear hug. "Thankyouthankyouthankyouthankyou!" Masami babbles, words tumbling over each other. Hiroko follows at a more sedate pace, broad, ecstatic grin on her face, what looks like a shirt hanging from her hand.

Rin laughs delightedly. "You're welcome, Miss Gaikotsu! Uh... you're not wearing anything."

"Don't care!" Masami laughs.

Hiroko smacks the redhead on the head with the wadded clothes. "*I* care!" You can't help but laugh as Hiroko forces the loose T-shirt over Masami's head.

---

- [ ] Talk to Masami and Hiroko
  - [ ] About?
- [ ] Talk to the Sendai trio
  - [ ] About?
- [ ] Leave
  - [ ] Write in next activity (It's 2PM.)
- [ ] Write-in

---

One[ ](http://i.imgur.com/WPfh9g4.jpg)down.
