# Undue Alarm pt. 19

You laugh in delight, watching Masami *bounce* around the room. The redhead freezes suddenly, gleeful grin on her face growing even wider, and she rushes into the kitchen, Hiroko following closely behind. You hear the clinking of cutlery.

"Well!" you say, broad smile on your own face. "That went well!"

Sakura gives you a sour look, which you promptly ignore.

Masami richochets back into the living room, a plastic tub in one hand and a spoon in the other, green stuff smeared on her face. She digs another spoonful from the tub -ah, ice cream- and gobbles it down messily, smearing it over her face. She cheerfully burbles something muffled by the ice cream. Hiroko chases her, laughing and waving a wet cloth.

You glance sideways at Rin and nudge her. "You know, that was amazing," you say to the healer. "What you did there... Well." You indicate the rejuvenated redhead.

"Yes," Rin says, giddy smile on her face. "We're... I could feel her *heart*. It's as real as any. We're still human."

"Do you really need powers to tell you that?" you ask, raising your eyebrows at the healer, and tilting your head at the couple.

The redhead, still laughing happily, finally submits to Hiroko's ministrations, the black haired girl wiping off the mess of ice cream.

"I guess not," Rin says.

"But yeah, thanks," you say, and glance over at Akiko and Sakura. "Thanks, all of you. I'm not the one who needed the healing, but I appreciate you sticking around to do it." You pause. "More than you know, really."

Sakura gives you another scowl, while Akiko nods in response.

Rin smiles. "I... the revelation... wasn't good, but this..." she waves at Masami, still bouncing around the room. "I wouldn't have missed it for the world."

"Heh," you chuckle, and move over to lean on the sofa behind Akiko. Addressing the bluenette in response. "So, the thing is, I'm perfectly happy to cleanse any Grief Seeds you have, or *will* have. By which I mean I can restore a Grief Seed back to a 'new' state, so you can reuse it again."

"Is that so?" Akiko asks curiously, twisting to regard you with a raised eyebrow.

"Yeah," you confirm. "Honestly, any time you want to come by, let me know, and I'll be happy to, uh, recycle any Grief Seeds you have. Now, even, if you want to."

"I see," Akiko says thoughtfully. "In that case..." She digs in her pocket and withdraws a single, partially used Grief Seed which she holds out to you. "Trust, but verify," she adds. "You understand, I trust?"

Loud, squealing laughter interrupts you as Hiroko begins to tickle Masami mercilessly, the redhead squirming to try and get away from her.

You shrug. "Yeah, I can understand that, I guess." An idle flick of your finger has Grief streaming from the Grief Seed, and a violent twitch and frown from Sakura. You stop when you judge the Grief Seed is back in a pristine state, packing away the Grief into marbles with familiar twists of your power.

Akiko holds the Grief Seed up to her eye level and inspects it, turning it this way and that. After a moment, she nods, and stands, motioning for Sakura. Raising her voice a little to be heard over Masami's giggling, she says, "Alright, I think our business here is done, then. We will leave from here, if that's acceptable?"

"O-oh!" Masami squeaks, looking up, embarassed surprise crossing her face. "Uh, yes! Thank you! Thank you so much!"

"It was a pleasure, Miss Gaikotsu," Rin says with a soft smile, and to her credit, her voice is completely steady. "I hope I won't be seeing you again for anything... like this."

"Indeed," Akiko nods. "Farewell, Miss Gaikotsu, Miss Sabrina."

"Oh, yes!" Rin says. "Bye, Miss Sabrina!"

Sakura grunts, managing a small smile as the Sendai trio move to grab their shoes. The teleporter holds out her hands for Akiko and Rin to grab on to. A frown crosses her face, that familiar glow pulsing around her as she concentrates, and their bodies warping in that same, eye wrenching way that you've seen once before. This time, you don't intervene, and a moment later, they disappear, distorting in a direction *other* to the real.

You grin. At Rin, and then at the happy couple. "Well. That's that, then. Welcome back to the land of the living, Masami!"

Masami rolls her eyes at you, but calls back, "Thanks!"

"So, I guess I'm done here, too, so I'll leave you to be. If you need any more cleanses, just call me, OK?" you say.

"Yeah, yeah," Masami says, trying, and failing, to scowl at you. Her mood is entirely too bouyant to be upset with you, you suspect.

You snap a finger as you suddenly remember something. "Oh, right. On my way here, I noticed a Witch nearby. Mind if I take care of it? If only to prevent civilian casualties?"

Masami frowns, and Hiroko answers for her. "We uh... sort of need the Grief Seeds."

You shrug. "OK, then. Just remember, if you need help, just let me know."

"Yeah, yeah," Masami repeats, frown fighting with, and losing to, her ecstatic grin. "Push off."

"Alright. See you, I'll let myself out," you say, and suit action to word.

As you walk down the corridor, you send back one telepathic comment. "*By the way, one last thing.*"

"*Yeah?*" Masami replies, sounding mildly annoyed.

"*Mami misses her friend,*" you say. "*You should call some time.*"

Silence, for a moment.

"*Mami got me *into* this life*," Masami snaps. "*Fuck off.*"

... oops.

You take the elevator up to the top floor, and make your way out to the roof top, spinning an umbrella out of Grief to shield you from the rain. You transform casually midstep, shoe leaving the ground but boot landing instead, Grief marbles already lofting themselves into the air and spiralling around you.

Your wings of corruption ripple into existence, and you leap skywards into the teeth of the rain. The wind's picked up by now, and you have to fight it for control of your flightpath. Nevertheless, you manage, skimming across the city and headed for more familiar grounds.

You circle around, looking for a Witch to hunt, and soon find one, wedged away in the side of what looks like an old, dilapidated restaurant set at the base of a building.

---

- [ ] Go in
  - [ ] Maxim 47. Don't expect the enemy to cooperate in the creation of your dream engagement. (Be cautious)
  - [ ] Maxim 34. If you're leaving scorch-marks, you need a bigger gun. (Smash everything in sight)
- [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Write-in

---

You have one thousand, two hundred and eighty eight Grief marbles, and two Grief Seeds in your pockets.
