# Undue Alarm pt. 20

You take a deep breath, and step forward into the glowing slit in reality, folding your wings tightly behind you to fit.

A moment of *distortion*.

You bite back your instinctive revulsion, stomach roiling at the *greasy* feel of the Witch Barrier all aroun-

You blink owlishly, and start to breathe more shallowly.

The air is heavy with a *nauseating* amount of old, rancid grease, enough to make your stomach curdle. You lift a foot, and cringe when the ancient-looking tiling tries to hang *on* to your boot by virtue of being *tacky* from a pervasive, mouldering layer of unidentifiable, oily gunk.

... at least it's not raining in here?

"Ergh," you can't help but mutter, shifting from foot to foot, and looking around. There's a towering, grease-slicked, metal wall stretching into the sky on your left, far enough that you can't see the top of it... instead, you trot forward, a swarm of buzzing Grief blades hovering protectively around you, formed from a few marbles, and the solid, comforting weight of a warhammer leaning against your shoulder.

... what the hell *is* that noise?

There's this kind of *hissing* noise approaching, and you bring your warhammer up in a guard position, and spread your swarm of blades, ready to attack.

When it arrives, your first impression is *white*. Particles of white pour *out* of the ground, filtering out of the gaps between tiles, sleeting upwards in a reverse snowstorm. An avalanche of white bears down upon you. Your blades come up, buzzing angrily as they lance through the air... and carve harmlessly through the torrent of white, the particles parting and flowing around the razor shards.

You hastily launch yourself skywards, wings flaring wide behind you. The flood of white coils in on itself, and then pours *upwards* after you. You frown, and *twist* with your powers - and the avalanche reverses both colour and direction, a pathetic spray of ash and other leavings falling to the ground.

... huh.

Another hissing noise, and another avalanche pounces on you, this one pouring down at you, a million tiny particles forming in mid air, changing directions and flowing *sideways* to get at you. You tear the Grief from that one, too, your wings rippling ever larger.

Yet another flash of white launching itself at you... and this time, you meet it with a flat plate, flash forged out of Grief, and then *slam* a second plate down behind it, smashing it flat with an enormous thunderclap. The amorphous blob of a Familiar quivers... and collapses, falling to the ground below and scattering in a spray of white.

You grin.

And launch yourself forward, wings beating powerfully and setting your coat whipping about you. Heavy thunderclaps follow your flight as you catch and smash the attacking Familiars between smashy plates of Grief. You spin instruments out of Grief, and begin playing a [tune](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hF-KD7g3Ko) you find all too appropriate.

A vague thought drifts through your brain, thinking about how Mami would handle these particular Familiars. Ribbons, probably? The thought of your friend brings you to thoughts of telling her about the true nature of Witches, though... and that's going to be messy.

You swoop over the endless, nearly featureless plain, the towering metal wall an ever constant companion on your right, and the constant stream of Familiars pounded into so much loose, sandy white particles.

A sudden rushing noise from above you, and-

you-

are-

suddenly-​

-*elsewhere*. The grease hangs even *heavier* here, and far below you, beneath a tremendous metal grate, is a bubbling *pit* of boiling oil. The enormous sloped walls are close, almost claustrophobic, seeming to press in on you, and a sickening yellow light illuminates the entire place.

... there's a titanic, pasty looking *face* bobbing in the roiling oil beneath you, empty eyes staring upwards and mouth slack.

**\[] Proceed with trying to take control of Grief away from the Witch
\[] Other experiments
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

So it occurs to me that, if Hildegard were turning back into a meguca (I make no judgement on whether this is happening), you could reasonably call the resulting girl Hildegirl.
