# Undue Alarm pt. 23

The two of you proceed home in an uncomfortable silence, Mami lost in thought. You watch her expression of quiet worry out of the corner of your eye, her brows slightly furrowed and her lips twisted unhappily.

A uncomfortable *pit* opens in your stomach, the silence communicating far better than words could how\... worried? disappointed? Mami is. You're not even *sure* what precisely is wrong.

When you get home, Mami leaves her bag on the usual shelf, and gestures for you to do the same. She then leads you over to the sofa and sits you down, in turn sitting beside you, turned slightly to face you.

"Sabrina," Mami says finally, face a stormy mix of emotion. "*Why?* You can't k-keep doing this."

Your confusion probably shows on your face.

"Y-you..." Mami stutters, and stops. "Sabrina, tell me about the Sendai group."

You blink at the non-sequitur. "There's three of them, and they have a healer for hir-" Mami's already shaking her head.

"There's *five* of them," she tells you. "And you didn't even know that they had a healer until you met them either, did you?"

You grimace, and shake your head reluctantly.

"Sabrina, you're powerful," Mami admits. "But you can't go barging into every situation like that. It's *dangerous*, and o-one day you're going t-to run into something you can't handle. I..."

She breaks off, squeezing her eyes shut in pain. "I *know* you're trying to help. You're a *good* person, Sabrina. But you can't- I *can't-*"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

From an external point of view, Sabrina has the self-preservation instincts of a suicidal lemming.
