# Undue Alarm pt. 24

You put one arm around Mami, trying to pull her closer to you.

She resists, shaking her head.

"This... *isn't* something you can hug away," Mami says. " I-I'm... I'm *terrified*, Sabrina. For you... at the thought of *l-losing* y-you..."

Withdrawing your arm, you look down at your lap, searching for the right words. Finally, you look back at her, gaze steady. "Thank you, Mami."

A frown begins to form on Mami's face.

"Thank you for caring about me," you say, shaking your head with a smile. "It's... just not something I'm used to, you know?" Your smile disappears. "But I'm sorry. I just keep being... more and more trouble for you, and you don't deserve it, at all. It isn't *fair* to you... I keep having to say I'm sorry."

"Sabrina..." Mami trails off, looking stricken. "I- no, you're not a burden!"

"I... I don't mean that, Mami," you say. "I- I..." you swallow, hard. "I wouldn't have done that without a good reason. And I *had* one."

Mami winces, looking down. "I believe you, Sabrina. You're a good person. It's j-just-"

"Mami, I was warned that if I didn't do something, Masami would have died," you say. "But I was *careful*... I did my best to not to pick a fight, and it worked out in the end."

Mami gives out a choked laugh. "*I believe you*," she repeats. "And I wouldn't *w-want* you to s-stop. You w-wouldn't be y-you anymore. But I can't- I *can't-*"

You try to hug Mami again, and this time, she lets you, sagging against you and staring blindly at nothing in particular. It's not very comfortable, half twisted on the couch like this... but you don't care very much. You stroke her back soothingly, slow rhythmic circles.

"Mami," you say. "If I *hadn't* gone... Masami was... badly injured. Her magic was the only thing keeping her alive... and Oriko warned me that if I didn't do anything, the Sendai group would have refused to heal her, and... she'd have died soon after. I-I know we shouldn't trust Oriko so easily, but..."

Mami shakes her head, and begins speaking, muffled by your shoulder. "Y-you couldn't leave it. A-and t-that's something *amazing*, Sabrina. B-but-"

"Hush, Mami," you say. "You are a wonderful, wonderful person, and you're not going to lose me so easily. I know I'm taking risks that seem bad, but I'm here to stay. I *promise*, Mami."

You can feel Mami swallow hard.

"I-I'm not such a good person," she whispers.

"Yes, you *are* Mami," you say insistently.

"I-I," she hiccups. "I- earlier... h-hoped you w-wouldn't regain your m-memories, Sabrina. B-because. Y-you would l-leave me..."

"No," you say, still hugging her tightly. "No, I wouldn't, Mami. And no, I'm not leaving you now."

"I *want* to believe you," she whispers. "I want to believe you *so badly*."

"I *promise*, Mami," you repeat. It's the only thing you can really do. "I won't leave you."

"I-" she sniffles. "I hope so. I-I don't think I c-could t-take it i-if-" She finally starts crying, great wailing sobs into your shoulder and clutching you tightly like a lifeline.

You let her, holding her and rubbing her back gently.

Finally, she stops crying, sobs petering out into little sniffles. She sits back, and you give her a smile. She returns it, eyes reddened and watery, but nevertheless a smile.

"I s-should go and clean myself up," she murmurs. You experience a moment of deja vu - didn't she say exactly that the *last* time?

"Mami," it's your turn to swallow hard. "I need to tell you something... painful. But it's important, and you need... no, you *deserve* to know. But, um. Yes, clean up, first."

Mami blinks at you confusedly, distress beginning to show on her face again.

"No! It's nothing to do with..." you say hastily, waving your hands at her. "I... what I said *is* true, Mami. You *won't* lose me."

Mami remains seated on the sofa. "O-OK. Tell me."

You take a deep breath. "It's... Mami, when I woke up, I knew about the magical girl system, and one of the things... I didn't actually *see* this until our fight with Oriko and now with Masami..." You trail off.

You're stalling.

Mami looks increasingly distressed, worried lines forming around her eyes, still puffy and red from her crying. "What *is* it, Sabrina?"

"We- Magical girls can survive injuries that would normally kill people... Injuries that can kill instantly." You swallow again, but it doesn't really budge the lump in your throat. "*Impossible* injuries. You- *we* can survive them."

Mami blinks. "Y-yes, magic can do amazing things..."

You shake your head. "Mami, with healing, we can walk away from a *severed head*, or having your lungs, and heart, and half your torso *gone*. Oriko did. Masami did."

A cringe. "W-with m-magic, m-miracles can h-happen..."

You close your eyes, turning your head away, before looking back at her. That lump in your throat isn't going anywhere... "Yes, it is, but in this case... Mami," you take her left hand gently in both of hers. Her left hand, where her Soul Gem ring is. "Mami... our Soul Gems can keep us alive. Because," you swallow. "Because that's what we *are* now. This is where our soul is... now."

It takes a moment to sink in, her face going blank, and then switching to shock. "M-my soul... my *soul*... y-you're j-joking-"

You shake your head. "No. M-Mami, I-"

"K-Kyuubey *woul-*" She bolts midsentence, knocking the sofa over backwards and spilling you to the floor with a heavy thump. You hastily struggle to your feet and scramble after her, reaching the bathroom as she begins to empty her stomach into the toilet.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

This one was tricky to write.
