# Undue Alarm pt. 25

You rush to Mami's side, dropping to your knees beside her as she heaves into the toilet. Ugly, fat tears stream down her face, running together, white knuckled fists supporting her agaisnt the edge of the toilet bowl. Gently, you brush her hair back, and hold it with one hand, while you rub her back gently with your free hand.

"Shhh," you say. "I'm here, Mami."

"I-I-" she's interrupted by another bout of vomiting, the remains of her lunch splattering into the toilet bowl.

"Hush," you say. "It's OK. It'll be OK."

You hope that you're not lying.

A fraction of your attention is kept on watching Grief *boil* into existence in Mami's Soul Gem, a dark reflection of her actual emotional turmoil. It's nothing dangerous yet, though, since you've been scrupulously keeping everyone's Gems clean.

Mami laughs, a choked, gurgling noise. "H-how c-ca-" This time, nothing but bile comes up. "M-my *soul* is in a r-r-*rock*-"

You cringe.

"But you're still you, no matter what Kyuubey did," you say. Another fraction of your attention lets you grab a towel by pinching it between two marbles, and you drop it into the sink, smacking the tap on with a marble, and off again a few moments later when you judge the towel wet enough.

You hug her tightly, both arms around her waist. "No matter what. You're still *you*, Mami. Still a good person. One who has an amazingly kind heart, one who always means well... a prodigy, who's saved countless lives and always does what good she can. My *friend*, Mami, kind and good and caring."

The blonde seems to have nothing *left* in her as she sobs against the toilet. You firmly tug her around to face you, and she collapses against you, throwing her arms around your shoulders, weeping into your chest. You stroke her hair, and continue to speak in a low, soothing tone, uncaring of the vomit and tears soaking into your blouse.

"There was no way you could have known," you say, and hesitate a little. "No with Kyuubey intentionally keeping it from everyone... and I am truly, *truly* sorry I had to break it to you like this. But you need... you *deserve* to know."

"K-Kyuubey- T-the girls I-*I've*-" Mami whimpers.

"It's not your fault, Mami," you say insistently. "It's *not* your fault."

"K-*Kyuub-bey*- M-m-my *friend*..."

"I'm sorry," you say. "More sorry than I could possibly say. But I'm here, Mami. I'm here for you, and that's not going to change no matter what."

"*Why did you do that?*" a familiar, unpleasantly sweet voice sounds in her head. "*Tomoe Mami did not need to know.*"

You control your reaction, carefully craning your head around to look for the Incubator while still holding Mami tightly, letting her sob against you - though she doesn't seem to be about to stop. You finally spy Kyuubey, perching catlike on the sill of the bathroom window, red eyes staring down at the two of you huddled together.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Ho-hum.
