# Undue Alarm pt. 26

"*You.*" White hot anger seethes in your voice and courses in your veins, and Mami flinches in your embrace. "Mami *deserves* to know the truth, you emotionless, *deceptive* little *abomination*. You *used* Mami all this time. You *pretended* to be her *friend*, and you've strung her along for *years*."

You can feel Mami wilt, every word almost a physical blow hammering down on her... And the only thing you can do is hold her, reassuring her that you're still here. She struggles weakly in your hug, and you loosen it a little, allowing her to half turn to look at the Incubator.

"Y-you're n-n-not denying i-i-it," Mami says, in an alien, raspy croak so unlike her usual gentle tones you only realize it's her by the movement of her jaw.

"*No,*" Kyuubey agrees, jumping down from the window sill and slinking along the floor, prowling around you. "*I would not deny the truth.*"

"T-the *truth-!*" Mami chokes out, burying her face in your shoulder as her sobbing begins anew.

"And you were never in any danger, were you?" you ask quietly, following its motion along the floor. Your voice drips with vitriol. "You pretended you were hurt... that you were in danger. But you never were, were you? You *wanted* Mami to worry about your 'life'. For her and Homura to fight. And all for what? More contracts."

A fraction of your attention is spent gathering a few more marbles from your bag outside.

"*You are remarkably well informed,*" Kyuubey observes, stopping in front of you -behind Mami's back- and fixing an unblinking red stare upon you.

"Y-you- I-I-" Mami's barely coherent any more.

"Hush, Mami," you soothe, but feel compelled to explain a little. "Kyuubey... isn't really alive. His body can be destroyed, but he just... comes back."

"*I am alive,*" Kyuubey corrects, tail continuing to lash furiously behind it in a sinuous, hypnotic motion.

"Whatever," you say, exerting your will. "Go away."

A wave of marbles closes in on the Incubator, bracketing it. It barely has time to dodge before the marbles slam into... and *through* it, tearing their way through the soft body and pulping it with stacatto, sickening little crunches. It slumps over in a little pile of white and red gunk with the consistency of jelly.

Mami flinches violently in your arms, twisting to look. "W-what... K-kyuubey!"

"He's not dead," you say grimly, even as you scoop up the remains and drop them out the window. "I haven't even seriously inconvenienced him." You switch smoothly to telepathy. "*Isn't that right, Kyuubey?*"

"*You are an excellent actress, Sabrina,*" Kyuubey replies, though it doesn't physically reappear.

Mami chokes, muffled by your shoulder.

"Mami," you say. "None of this is your fault. Just... there's no way you could have known, no way you could have found out, and no reason to even *suspect* him. It's what he does."

"S-Sabrina," Mami asks. "W-what d-did... w-what d-did he *mean*? Y-you..."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Fuck you too, coobie.
