# Undue Alarm pt. 27

Mami struggles weakly in your hug, trying to pull back. You keep your arms around her, though, not letting her go, and she eventually sags against you, shuddering sobs shaking her body as you continue stroke her back gently.

"I..." you swallow. "I knew, Mami. I don't know *how*, but I *knew*, right from the start. I..." you laugh bitterly. "For all that I knew, Mami, I had no idea how to tell you the truth, about the Soul Gem... or Kyuubey."

Mami's sobbing quietens - she's listening, at least.

"I knew you thought of Kyuubey as a good friend-" her *only* friend, "-and I didn't want to hurt you like... this. So I... pretended. I know they're horrible... and I had no idea how to tell you."

You sigh, and continue. "I'm sorry for not telling you sooner, for hiding this from you... but I'm your *friend*, Mami, from the beginning. Because I wanted to help, and because you are *you*, good, and kind, and caring."

"I'm sorry," you say again. "But... no matter what, I still want to help you. I'm still your friend, Mami, if you can forgive me."

A long silence, as your heart plummets.

"Y-yo-" Mami croaks. "I-I... I w-*want* to b-believe you. A-and y-you're a good p-person and I-I- *please*, S-Sabrina, I, I-"

"Shh," you hug her tightly. "Always, Mami. I'll be here, if you let me."

"Y-yo-" She struggles weakly, pushing herself away from you, and, wincing, you let her. Her eyes are wild even as tears course down her face, pale and drawn. "B-but, bu- y-yo- *knew* a-and you k-knew *me* and *y-you-*"

Her Soul Gem is a poisonous abscess of corruption, Grief bubbling into the world.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

mumi why
