# Undue Alarm pt. 28

You suck in a worried breath, and reach out, hand and powers moving in synchronization. Grief, viscous and ropy, streams from Mami's Soul Gem ring, whorls and eddies forming as the bilious mass accretes into your compressed spheres. Grief floods from your own Gem to join the billowing cloud, and you empty out both your Soul Gems.

Mami flinches with a quiet whimper, leaning backwards.

Away from you.

It's... it's the first time Mami ever looked at you like that.

Not even that very first time, when you and Mami found out, together, that you could do it.

And she sags, shock rippling across her face.

"M-mami," you whisper, your own voice cracking. "I was *afraid*. So-" you swallow again, "so scared. I didn't *know* how you'd take it. I didn't w-want to hurt you. I was scared, and I'm sorry. So, so sorry."

Mami's shrunken into a wretched, miserable huddle, hugging her legs to her chest as wild, frantic eyes stare at you.

"I'm sorry," you repeat. "I... wanted to find another way. A better way. B-but..." You make a helpless little gesture with your hands. "I-I- know it doesn't mean much, but I'm sorry."

You take a deep, shuddering breath. "B-but," you say. "I *meant* every word I said. About wanting to be your friend, about everything I wanted to do, to help you."

A keening noise from Mami, like an injured animal, as she sways slightly, tears still dripping in slow, fat droplets down her face. Her eyes, puffy and red, stay on your face, searching desperately for answers to questions unknown.

It *hurts*, seeing her like this.

"Mami," you say. "Mami, please... even if you can't forgive me... please stop hurting yourself like this. *Please.*"

You fall silent, and try to meet Mami's eyes.

She's avoiding looking at you.

When she speaks, her voice is ragged and raw. "I-I... G-g-go a-a*wa-*"

She doesn't even finish it, bursting out in loud, renewed wails as she hugs her knees even tighter, a small, wretched ball of misery.

Her Soul Gem is still darkening rapidly.

---

- [ ] Leave
- [ ] Stay
- [ ] Write-in

---

mumi

mumi no
