# Undue Alarm pt. 30

Relief washes through you. Relief, and regret that you'd brought Mami to this.

"I'm not going anywhere, Mami," you say. Her desperate grip on your leg only intensifies as she silently hangs on.

Carefully, you turn in her grasp and kneel down, gently breaking her hold on her leg. She lets out an anguished wail, and then throws her arms around you, hanging on with the same desperate strength. You hug her back just as fiercely, crooning wordlessly in her ear.

The smell of vomit wafting from the toilet is starting to become unbearable. An idle thought sends a marble over to depress the button, and the toilet flushes noisily. Mami flinches at the sudden noise of rushing water.

"Shhh," you say to her. "It's alright. I'm here. I'm here, Mami."

She starts crying again, this time, slow, shuddering sobs.

You hold her for an interminable amount of time. You've been kneeling like this on the bathroom floor for long enough that the tiles are warming under you, your shirt is soaked with tears and mucus and traces of vomit, and your knees are aching.

It's fine, though.

You stay as Mami's tears finally ebb and she pulls back a little. This time, you let her, and she gives you a wobbly, fragile smile, arms still held loosely around her shoulders. Her eyes are red and puffy, and her face is blotchy from the crying, but she smiles.

You reach out a hand for the towel as you convey it over with a few Grief marbles. It's a little too wet, so you wring it out, and gently begin cleaning her face, wiping away the vomit stains and tear tracks.

"I'm not going to leave you, Mami," you say gently.

"I-I-" she begins, and licks her lips, dry and cracked. "I s-shouldn't have t-told you to g-go a-a-away."

You shake your head. "It's OK. I'm still here, aren't I?" You smile at her as you wipe the towel along her cheek. She closes her eyes and leans into your hand, rubbing up against the towel.

"Y-yes," she says at last. "Y-you... yes."

"So, um," you say, as you finish cleaning Mami's face. "Do you want some tea?"

Mami chuckles weakly. "Yes, that would be great."

You smile, and rise to your feet. Mami holds her hands up to you. "H-help me up?"

You toss the towel at the sink, and grab her by the hands, pulling her to her feet. Her hands are cold, but warm quickly in yours.

You turn, releasing her hands, and head back out into the living room proper. Mami follows closely behind you, almost tripping over you. "Ahh... you can sit on the sofa, I'll be right out with the tea, OK?" you tell Mami, waving at the righted sofa, and head in to the kitchen.

You check the tea - still warm, so that's fine. You reach for a new cup, and blink when Mami hands one to you with a smile.

"Uh," you say eloquently, but take the cup, and fill it before handing it to Mami.

"Thank you, S-sabrina," she replies, and takes a sip at the tea that quickly becomes an unrefined guzzle, and no wonder - she must be thirsty, by now.

"Easy," you soothe as you take the now empty cup and refill it for her. "Shall we move back to the living room?"

"O-OK," she agrees, taking the refilled cup and sipping from it more sedately. She makes no move back to the living room, though, eyeing you.

You shake your head with a smile, and walk to the living room. Mami follows closely behind you again, and when you sit on the sofa, she immediately sits next to you. She seems content to simply watch you.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Mumi-limpet get! *fanfare*
