# Undue Alarm pt. 31

You let Mami finish her tea first. "C'mon, Mami," you say. "You should change into some clean clothes... so should I, really."

The blonde blinks at you, and then down at herself. "Y-yeah, you're right. U-um..." She begins to rise, and then casts a worried look back at you.

"I'll still be here, Mami," you reassure her, rising yourself.

"Um," she swallows. "Right."

You move to the room you've claimed as your own, and Mami to hers. She hesitates at the door and glances back at you to make sure you're still there, which you respond to with a smile. She returns a rather wobbly one, before pulling the door shut behind her.

You sigh.

Not healthy, to say the least, but hopefully it'll pass soon.

You close the door and change, into another old blouse of Mami's.

When you open the door, you find Mami, similarly changed into a clean blouse, standing outside, wringing her hands and looking anxiously at you. Her hair is rather dishevelled, the distinctive golden coils of her hair trapped in the blouse.

You hide your dismay, smiling at her instead. "See? I told you I'd still be here."

Mami nods rapidly, but otherwise simply stands there.

"Alright, back to the sofa, then?" you suggest.

"O-OK..." Mami agrees.

You move back to the sofa, reclaiming your earlier seat, and pat the cushions beside you, looking up at Mami. She sits beside you, immediately pressing up against you. She fidgets a little with her hair, carefully pulling the sadly squashed coils out of her blouse and patting them back into shape.

"Hey Mami," you say. "May I clean your Gem?"

Mami nods. "O-of course," she says, holding out her left hand, Soul Gem manifesting on her open palm. It looks, and *feels*, perfectly normal, still the same golden honey colour, if somewhat tarnished.

Candeloro is still coiled within, a slowly bubbling font of Grief.

You can fix the tarnishing, anyway, and proceed to do just that, siphoning off the Grief and into the usual marble forms.

Mami sags against you as the pent up Grief is drained away, watching it pour out if her Gem.

You sigh yet again. "Mami, how are you? How are you feeling?"

She stays silent for a moment, gathering her thoughts. "I-I'm a r-*rock*. And *Kyuubey* did this to me..." she whispers, without looking at you. "*Kyuubey...*"

"A rock?" you ask, sitting upright and gently nudging her upright, too. Mami looks hurt, but acquiesces when you grab her hand by the wrist. You press her hand to her chest, over her heart. "Feel that?"

"I-I-" Mami stutters. "D-do you mean my h-heartbeat?"

"Yeah," you say. "You're still *you*, Mami, no matter what. Not a rock. Still alive, still a good person, still my friend. Don't doubt *any* of that, Mami."

"Y-you mean it, right?" Mami says anxiously. "I-I t-thought... Kyuubey..."

You nod, even as your expression flattens out into a heavy frown. "It *let* you think that, Mami. Kyuubey... lies by omission, if not outright. It's been doing this for a *long* time."

Mami sways, dismay creeping across her face again.

"Don't blame yourself," you tell her. "*None* of this is your fault."

"I..." Mami swallows. "OK. I- OK."

You sit in silence for a bit, Mami leaning against you again. "Hey, Mami?"

"Mmm?"

"Do you want to cook dinner or something? It's getting late now\..." you ask.

"Ummm," Mami mumbles. "OK."

You gently nudge Mami to sit upright, and then stand, stretching a little. Mami follows suit, and the two of you proceed off to the kitchen.

You pull open the fridge. "Hmm... what shall we cook? We're running a bit low on food, really."

Mami nods. "I... shop for myself," she says, before her expression shifts to sudden alarm. "But it's OK! W-we can go grocery shopping tomorrow."

You pat her on the arm. "It's OK, Mami," you say. "I understand."

Mami ducks her head. "Ah... Maybe just some katsu rice?"

"Hmm... pork?" you ask, closing the fridge and pulling open the freezer instead.

"I think so," Mami says.

With Mami presiding over the deep fryer while you handled the rest of the preparations, it doesn't take the two of you long to prepare a quick dinner of some rice, fried pork cutlets, and some miso soup to go with it. The two of you seat yourselves at the table, and dig in to the savoury, crispy cutlets, contrasted with the pleasantly bland rice.

As the two of you eat, you can see Mami darting worried little glances at you.

"This is really good," you tell Mami, holding up a piece of the cutlet.

"Thank you, Sabrina!" she says brightly, with a smile belying the worried looks she's been sending you the whole time.

**\[] Call Nagisa to tell her about coobie
\[] Talk to Mami
\- \[] About...
\[] Talk to Homura
\[] Clean up the bathroom
\[] Go to sleep
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Saturday school varies by school, in Japan. I'm ruling Mitakihara Middle as a no. (And Shirome a yes, but that's neither here nor there.)
