# Undue Alarm pt. 32

The two of you continue eating, while Mami sneaks little glances at you as she does.

"Hey, Mami?" you say, catching her attention.

She immediately swallows her mouthful and looks attentively at you. "Yes, Sabrina?"

"What shall we do tomorrow?" you ask, hiding a grimace at the way Mami's hanging on to your words.

"Oh..." She purses her lips, thinking. "Ah... well, we need groceries. And... we were going to go shopping for clothes for you, weren't we?" She suddenly looks anxious again. "I-if that's alright with you?"

You nod with a smile. "Sounds good, Mami. Are we going to bring Madoka and Sayaka along? And Homura?"

"Maybe not for the groceries?" Mami offers. "But if you want them along..."

"Nah, you're right," you agree. "Grocery shopping isn't terribly interesting. We can ask them tomorrow?"

"That sounds good," Mami says, a smile lighting up her face at your approval, chasing away her worried frown. "We can get groceries at the supermarket nearby, but for shopping... There's a big shopping center we can go to..." She directs an appraisingly look upon you. "You'd look good in... light colours. White, blue... hm... green?"

She blinks, and a frown sneaks its way onto her face again. "Of course, if you have any preferences..."

You shake your head. "Nah, I'm sure you can help me pick something nice," you smile. "It's *OK*, Mami, it really is."

Mami bobs her head. "If you say so."

You quickly finish up your dinner and clean up, Mami a warm presence at your side as the two of you wash the dishes at the sink. "Hmmm..." you mumble as your elbow bumps against Mami again.

"So-sorry!" the blonde says, instantly bouncing clear of you as if she'd touched a hot stove.

"No, not that, Mami," you reassure her. "It's fine! I was just thinking I should call Nagisa again."

"O-oh," Mami says, skittishly creeping closer to you again. Very deliberately, you nudge her in the ribs with your elbow, drawing a startled giggle from the blonde.

"I think... we should warn her about Kyuubey," you say.

"O-oh," she says, face immediately falling. "She... she's a potential?"

"Yeah," you reply. "I'm sorry, but..."

"I-I- understand," Mami nods, closing her eyes in pain.

You wipe your hands dry, and draw her into a hug. "Do you... want to help?"

She shakes her head wordlessly.

Before too long, Mami's sitting down to do her homework after a little coaxing from you. You grab the house phone, and dial Shin's phone number, and walk around the living room patiently while it rings - it's a cordless phone.

"BIG SIS!" A yell greets you the moment the call is picked up. You lean away from the receiver, laughing. Mami glances up at you with a wan smile.

"Hi, Nagisa," you say. "How are you?"

"Ah... good!" she says. "Uncle Shin says that I'll be staying with him from now on!"

That was remarkably fast, you muse. Then again, her uncle probably didn't tell her the full details. "Oh, that's good," you say. "Hey, listen," you add as you walk further away from Mami, hoping she doesn't hear you - wouldn't do to remind her, after all. "Do you remember what I said about a talking white cat?"

"Huh?" Nagisa says. You can imagine the little tilt of her head accompanying that questioning tone. "Cats can't talk, big sis."

Kids.

"Ah... well, *this* one can. If a white talking cat with pink eyes and these ribbony tassel things coming out of its ears talks to you," you tell her, "Be *careful*, OK? Tell me *immediately*, and don't agree to anything it says."

"O-OK?" Nagisa says, sounding confused. "If you say so."

"Alright," you nod. "Please remember, Nagisa, this is *important*," you stress, trying to impress the seriousness of the situation upon her.

You talk to Nagisa a little more before hanging up the phone call -apparently her uncle is busy with something?- and go over to Mami, who seems to have stalled on her homework and has been gazing aimlessly at the wall in between darting glances at you.

"What's wrong, Mami?" you ask.

"Kyuubey," she says simply.

You grimace, patting her arm. "You didn't *know*, Mami."

"It's just..." Mami shakes her head. "You won't... leave me, right?"

"Silly Mami," you smile. "I've said it before, you're a wonderful person, and I'm *proud* to be your friend."

Mami takes a shaky breath. "Thank you, Sabrina."

"Anyway, do your homework, OK? I'll go clean up the bathroom," you tell her.

"Ah... I should help," she says, half rising from her chair.

You gently push her down with your hands on her shoulders. "It's fine, Mami, I can handle this."

"O-OK," she says.

You head to the bathroom, golden eyes watching you anxiously as you move. You give Mami a smile and a wave before disappearing into the bathroom.

"*Homura?*" you call telepathically as you hunt for a mop to mop up the spilled tea. The Grief marbles scattered around float themselves back into your sling bag in the living room, and you pocket the two Grief Seeds.

"*Busy,*" she snaps back. "*One moment. OK, done.*"

"*Uhhh... right,*" you respond. Timestop, you figure. You finally locate the mop and begin mopping up the bathroom. "*I uh, told Mami about the nature of Soul Gems.*"

"\*You did \*what." Flat disbelief colours Homura's usually emotionless voice.

"*I told Mami about Soul Gems... and Kyuubey,*" you say.

Telepathy conveys a weary sigh to you. "*Understood. You... can stay over at my house.*"

"*Uh, that won't be necessary,*" you reply. Where *did* you toss that towel earlier? You find it in the sink, and wring it out, before dropping it into the wash basket.

"*... explain?*" Homura asks, tone utterly befuddled.

"*I'm still staying with Mami,*" you tell her. "*She's fine. Ish. I'm still, uh, helping her deal with it.*"

"*... OK...?*"

"*So... yeah. That's what I wanted to tell you,*" you say.

"*... OK?*" Homura replies.

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*Um, bye. See you tomorrow, maybe? We might be going shopping.*"

"*... Right... Bye,*" the time traveller agrees.

You rinse off the mop in a bucket of water, as Mami appears in the doorway. "I'm done with my homework!" she says, looking around the bathroom, and at you, anxiously.

You smile at her. "That's good. I'm about done here too," you say as you tip the dirtied water away. "How about your test?"

Mami shakes her head. "Not tonight, I think, unless yo-"

"Mami, no," you say. "If you think it's fine, then it's fine. Anyway, do you want to shower, or may I have it first?"

"Ah, you should shower first, of course!" Mami says.

You smile. "Thanks."

She lingers in the bathroom, simply watching you as you put the mop and the bucket back, before reluctantly stepping out of the room for you to shower. When you finish said shower, you find her sitting on the sofa, watching the door fretfully. Her expression immediately clears when you open the door, though.

"Hey, your turn," you call.

Mami's shower is extraordinarily quick, and she bursts out of the bathroom in mere minutes, eyes hunting for you, and only relaxes when she sees you sitting on the sofa, idly watching the television. She moves over, and sits beside you, shoulder bumping yours while she combs out her damp hair with her fingers to help it dry.

"S-Sabrina?" she asks. "Is it OK if... you sleep in my room tonight? U-uh, not on the same bed! We never did move that mattress out..."

---

- [ ] Agree
- [ ] Disagree
- [ ] Write-in next morning's activities
- [ ] Write-in

---

~~Nope, got nothin'.~~ Oh wait, yes, I do.

Here ends Chapter 5: Undue Alarm. Because seriously. *Undue* alarm. Over the Sendai girls.

Chapter 6, Apprehension, begins with the next post.
