# Apprehension pt. 2

You're sitting on the sofa, Mami again leaning against your side. "Hmmm," you say, as she clicks through the channels on the television.

"Hmmm?" Mami asks, lifting her head to look at you.

"Hmmm," you affirm.

Mami pouts at you.

You grin. "Nah, just thinking, we have a little time to burn right now," you tell her.

"Mmmm," Mami agrees.

"Do you feel up to maybe giving me a little lesson in magic, Mami-*sempai*?" you ask, grinning at her.

She pouts again in response. "I think I preferred Mami-chan from you, Sabrina."

"... oh, OK, Mami-chan," you say, returning to your more usual mode of address.

She smiles at you. "And of course, Sabrina, if you want to. Mmmm... I don't want to get up, though," she says, nestling comfortably into your side. "Maybe I could just teach you some little tricks?"

"How about enchanting things? Like that thing you did with Sayaka's bat?" you suggest. "... say, what happened to that bat, anyway?"

"Hmmm... Good idea," Mami agrees. "And... I don't know. The enchantment would have gone away after a while, though."

The blonde makes no move to go anywhere, content to just lean her head against your shoulder.

"Uh, Mami?" you ask.

"Oh, um," Mami says. "I need a cup of water."

"Sure, let's go get one," you say, moving to rise. Mami leans insistently on you, though, shaking her head. She holds up a single hand, and you see a golden ribbon snaking away into the kitchen.

"Ooh, clever. You can't see what you're doing, though?" you ask.

Mami grins. "Are you sure?"

"... you can?"

The other end of the ribbon returns, a knot tied firmly around the handle of a teacup full of water, and another heavy knot of ribbon tied just beneath that. The teacup is borne steadily to Mami's waiting hand, and she dismisses the ribbon. "Here, watch this." She concentrates for a moment, a frown flitting across her face, and the cup *morphs*, golden filigree creeping across the white porcelain like living vines. You can *see* her magic twining around the cup and infusing it.

"OK," Mami says. "Enchanting things... took me a really long time to figure out on my own. I'm sure you won't take long, though!"

"Because I have a great teacher to help me," you fire back.

Mami blushes slightly. "Well, anyway, one of the first things I figured out was durability." She holds the cup lightly by two fingers, and then reaches up, inverting it over your head.

"Hey!" you begin to protest, jerking away before you realize that nothing's actually coming out of the cup, the water held back by a glowing barrier. Mami chuckles a little.

"Another thing is this barrier trick," she says. "I used it with Sayaka's bat."

"Cool," you say, poking at the barrier, which holds firm against your finger. "Is there by any chance a way of making something bigger on the inside?"

"There should be," Mami says thoughtfully. "I have no idea what happens if the enchantment runs out, though."

"Does it run out when it's out of magic or something?" you ask.

"Exactly," Mami confirms. "Watch, I only put a little bit of magic into the cup." She holds the cup upright, and as she said, the enchantment fades a minute or two later.

"Did you see how I did it earlier?" she asks.

You nod. "I think so."

"OK," she says. "Um." She raises the cup to her mouth and drains it of water before passing it to you. "I'm sure you'll do fine!" she says hastily. "Just... making sure, you know?"

"Heh, good thinking," you say, taking the cup. She lays her hand against yours, warm and soft.

"OK, try it now," she says.

You proceed to do just that, trying to *twist* your magic in the same way Mami did.

"No, Sabrina, not lik-"

The cup cracks in your hand, a deep split developing in its side.

"... whoops," you say sheepishly.

Mami laughs, before catching herself and choking back her giggles. "Uh, sorry, Sabrina, I didn't mean to laugh at you," she says, peering worriedly at you.

"It's alright, Mami," you say. "Really, you don't need to worry so much. And I'm glad you had to foresight to empty the cup first! So uh... what now?"

Mami shakes her head. "I practiced with rocks after my first, ah, accident, myself. You could keep trying with the cup? Since it's already broken?"

"Guess so," you agree.

You continue trying for half an hour, with Mami's gentle encouragement and corrections, the cup shattering into smaller and smaller pieces with each successive try, but to no real success so far.

"Don't give up, Sabrina!" Mami encourages. "You're getting closer."

"Mmmm," you mumble, sifting through the small pile of porcelain shards. "At least nothing's exploded yet?"

Mami nods in agreement. "I did that, the first time. The rock completely fragmented."

"Ugh," you say. An idea strikes you. "Eh... I'll leave this aside for now and come back another time? In the mean time, I have an idea - you have Tiro Finale, right?"

Mami nods, giving you a curious look.

"Maybe we should come up with a special attack for me?" you suggest.

Mami beams at you. "That's a good idea!" She immediately subsidesand glances around the living room. "Ah... you can't practice it in here, though."

"Heh, I know," you chuckle. "Just brainstorming, you know? We can try them out tomorrow or whenever we have time?"

"Well, what do you think you can do?" Mami says.

"Maybe a giant blade to stab something with? Or just... tearing apart a Witch like I did with that giant bird?" you suggest.

A pout. "That's not very special," Mami complains. "Um... *disso... dissoluzione*? Dissoluzione bianca?"

You blink. "Italian, right?"

"Yep!" Mami says. "Every special attack needs a name! Even if it's not a very special attack."

"Hey, I like to think it's pretty neat," you observe, and immediately regret it when Mami's face crumples.

"Oh. I'm sorry, I didn't mea-"

You reach over and press a finger to her lips. "Hey, I'm just teasing, Mami."

The blonde nods, eyes still slightly wild. You remove your finger, and she immediately nestles into your side again, looking up at you with anxious eyes.

You *want* to sigh, but hold it back - she'll probably take it the wrong way again. "Anyway, shall we make some lunch now, and then go shopping?"

"OK," Mami says.

"Oh, wait," you comment. "Cleansing?"

"OK," Mami repeats, smiling up at you and holding out her hand, golden Soul Gem forming on it. A patina of corruption swirls on it, the majority probably coming from her nightmares last night. You siphon it off, as well as the Grief from your own Gem, and crush the Grief down into marbles.

Mami beams at you. "Thank you, Sabrina!"

"No problem," you say, returning the smile.

**\[] Anything in particular to say/do during the shopping trip?
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

You have one thousand, four hundred and eighty nine Grief marbles, and three Grief Seeds in your pockets.

Lunch and shopping next - anything special?
