# Apprehension pt. 3

Lunch is simple, a quick bowl of rice topped with a tofu and minced meat sauce. "So, um, Mami?" you ask as the two of you work on the dishes.

"Yes, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"So, we're going shopping later, for clothes," you say.

"For you, yes," Mami agrees cheerfully. "Can I have the tap?"

"Sure," you say, swinging it across and returning to soaping down the dishes. "Ah, so... I was thinking, clothes, maybe a mobile phone, and... a bigger bag?"

"Of course, Sabrina," Mami smiles. "Whatever you need. Do you want a touch screen phone, maybe?"

"Nah," you flap a hand at her. "No need, it's a just in case thing."

"Alright," Mami agrees with a smile.

The two of you are soon headed out, while you make a telepathic call to Madoka, Sayaka, and Homura, who affirm that they'll meet you at the shopping center.

You and Mami reach the shopping center first, a gigantic building, designed with smooth concrete curves and bright lights all over the place. The interior consists high ceilings, bright fluorescent lights hidden behind brightly coloured plastic panels, reflecting off the white ceiling to illuminate the building. You wait near the entrance, watching the immense swell of crowds pass by, Mami standing next to you perhaps a little closer than might be normal.

"Hey, Mami, Sabrina!" a cheery voice calls, and you and Mami turn to see Sayaka waving at you. Beside her is Madoka, also waving, and Homura, just a step behind the pinkette. The time traveller's eyes immediately go to the blonde beside you, inspecting her carefully.

"Hello!" Mami responds brightly.

"Hey, everyone!" you call.

"Hello," Homura says quietly as you approach.

"Jeeze," Sayaka mutters. "Why're you even along if you're going to be all gloomy and glare-y like that?"

Homura ignores the bluenette with aplomb.

"Anyway!" you say, catching Mami's eyes and rolling your own, to which she smiles. "Shall we go? I need clothes, and... you do too, don't you, Sayaka?"

"Ah, yeah," the bluenette agrees. "We... mum and dad and I... went shopping a bit yesterday? But we didn't get that much."

"Right," you grin. "Mami? Lead on!"

Mami beams at you, and nudges your elbow. Taking the hint, you walk at her side, deeper into the building, Madoka and Sayaka chattering excitedly behind you and Homura simply ghosting along.

\=====​

"Pale green, I think?" Mami says, busily sorting through a rack of blouses while you hover behind, a small stack of clothes to try out.

Madoka nods eagerly. "We can get something in the same colour for Sayaka, too, so that she can match her waifu."

*What.*

"*What?*" Sayaka complains. "Not you too!"

Mami's face twitches, a frission of *fear* crossing it.

"Nah," you say. "Sorry, Sayaka, but I can't live with you any more!" you say dramatically, juggling the clothes so that you can lay the back of your hand to your forehead. "Mainly because I'm not living with you," you add, and stick your tongue out at the girl.

"Well, I'm not complaining," Sayaka grumbles.

Mami presses a blouse into your hands, and slings an arm around your shoulders, gently guiding you in the direction of the changing rooms. "Alright, Sabrina, you should go try these on!" she says, smile slightly brittle. You bump your shoulder against hers, and when she looks up at you, you give her an encouraging smile, which she returns.

\=====​

Something catches your eye as you walk past a shop selling plush toys - a gigantic plush toy of a brontosaurus. You pause midstep, giving it a long, considering look. Mami similarly stops, following your eyes to look at the plush toy. Behind you, Sayaka, Homura and Madoka continue for a few steps before noticing the two of you have stopped.

"... nah," you decide at last.

"Are you sure, Sabrina?" Mami asks. "I wouldn't mind buying it for you..."

"Yeah, I'm quite sure," you say. "Just caught my eye, you know? Besides, it'd probably be more trouble than it's worth."

"True," Mami agrees, looking at the bags of clothes you're already carrying. She chuckles a little. "Maybe Homura could put it in her shield?"

"Nah," you say, grinning at her.

"OK," Mami agrees.

\=====​

"... ooh, look at *this* chair! It's so plush and soft!"

You glance at Sayaka's blank, faintly traumatized expression, and then at Mami, who shrugs at you. Homura has a tiny smile on her face as she watches Madoka squeal over, of all things, a *chair*. The proprietor of the shop looks *frazzled*, as if it's not the first time Madoka's been by.

... why are you here again?

\=====​

"Sooo..." you draw out the syllable. Your hands and Mami's are full of bags; clothes galore, as are Madoka's, Sayaka's, and even Homura's hands - she's helping Madoka carry some bags, of course. The bags aren't heavy, not for you, but they're *bulky*. "Ice cream?"

"Umm, what's the time?" Madoka asks. "I can't see my watch..."

"Four thirty," Homura informs her.

"Ah, I should be going home, then!" Madoka says, looking disappointed. "Dad said he'd be baking today, I'm supposed to help!"

Sayaka shrugs. "Eh, I guess I'll go home too, then, since Madoka's holding half my stuff."

Homura, who's been trailing along and watching you and Mami like a hawk, seems to struggle with herself a bit. "I shall accompany Madoka home," she decides. "Mami, Sabrina, may I join you later?"

Madoka tugs timidly at the time traveller's elbow, shaking her head minutely before glancing between you and Mami.

Mami, meanwhile, beams at you. "That sounds good!"

---

- [ ] Ask Homura to come along
- [ ] Write-in

---

You know how Mitakihara City has random buildings from Dubai and whatnot? I'm basing the shopping center on Singapore's [VivoCity](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VivoCity), if you want pictures to imagine with.
