# Apprehension pt. 4

You shrug. "Sure," you agree easily. "After you get Madoka and Sayaka home? Mami and I will be fine, I'm sure."

Homura nods in agreement. "Of course," she says.

"Right," you say. "You can join us for dinner, maybe?"

"'Of course'?" Sayaka asks sourly. "Why 'Of course', transfer student?"

"Witches, Miki Sayaka," Homura says tonelessly. "Potentials are attractive."

Is that true, you wonder? You don't really seem to remember anything of the sort...

"Psh," Sayaka snorts. "We've been fine for years, haven't we, Madoka?" She raises a hand to clap the pinkette on the shoulder, but gives up halfway, the weight of the bags dropping to her side again.

"It only takes *one* Witch," Homura points out.

"Sayaka, Homura just wants to help..." Madoka says.

"I think it's a good idea," Mami adds with a smile.

"Fine," Sayaka mutters. "Fine, fine. Let's go, then. Bye Mami, bye Sabrina."

"See you," you reply, Mami echoing you.

"Bye Mami, bye Sabrina!" Madoka says as the trio turn to walk to the bus stop.

Mami favours you with a smile as they walk away. "Shall we go and have that ice cream, then?"

"Yeah, let's," you agree.

"Did we get everything you needed, Sabrina?," Mami asks, as the two of you thread your way through the crowds thronging the shopping center.

"Hmmm... clothes, phone, a bigger bag... I'll need to transfer my stuff over later... Yeah, that's everything," you say, shifting your bags to avoid a toddler bumping along beside his parents.

"That's good," Mami smiles. "You're sure you don't want anything else? That plush, maybe?"

You chuckle. "Nah, it really was something that just caught my eye, Mami."

"OK, if you're sure," Mami says. "Down a floor," she adds, pointing at the escalator.

"I'm sure," you say firmly. "You've already spent so much on me..." you lift the bags you're holding for emphasis. "Thank you, Mami."

"You're welcome," Mami says easily, smiling at you.

You let the conversation lapse after that, and soon arrive at the ice cream parlour. You find a seat, Mami sliding in opposite to you, with the bags plonked down on the seat.

"What would you like, Mami?" you ask, sliding out of the seat again. "I'll go order?"

"Ah... whatever you're having," Mami says.

You can feel Mami's little glances at you on your back as you join the queue, but you quickly return with two glasses, layered with ice cream and strawberries. "Here we are!" you say cheerfully. "Two strawberry parfaits."

"It looks good!" Mami says.

As you begin to dig in to the ice cream, Mami speaks up, waving her spoon at you. "I think you're right, Sabrina."

"Hmm?" you mumble, mouth full of ice cream.

"Homura, and Madoka," she explains.

"I know!" You grin at her after swallowing your mouthful. "Honestly, I'm not sure she fully acknowledges it herself-" for more than one reason "-but yeah."

Mami hums. "Hmm... We should do something about that, shouldn't we?"

"Gotta be careful, though," you note. "She's, ah, a bit skittish about it." You think back to that incident on the roof.

"Mmm," Mami agrees. "Well, we're not in any rush. Plenty of time."

The conversation lapses into a comfortable silence after that as the two of you polish off the parfaits and head home, taking a bus.

You find Homura waiting patiently outside the apartment door. She looks up at the two of you, and very hesitantly, waves.

"Hello, Homura," Mami says warmly as she shuffles the bags between her hands to free one for the keys. "Were you waiting long?"

"Not too long," Homura replies, following the two of you in, removing her shoes.

Mami drops the shopping bags in a corner, and you follow suit. "We'll sort these out later? Or tomorrow? Homura, please make yourself at home."

"Yeah," you agree. It's about time to start preparing dinner, or you could order in?

**\[] Order in
\[] Cook
\[] Talk to Homura
\- \[] About?
\[] Talk to Mami
\- \[] About?
\[] What to do after dinner?**

\=====​

Busy few days ahead. I might have to slow down my updates a little. We'll see.
