# Apprehension pt. 6

Homura finishes her slice, and gives the remaining lasagne in the pan a casual look. You catch Mami's eye and grin at her.

"Would you like some more, Homura?" the blonde asks, already reaching for the serving knife.

"No, I've had enough," Homura says politely. You quietly grab her plate, and hand it to Mami. Amethyst eyes frown at you.

"There's plenty to go around," Mami reassures her, hands moving deftly to slice out another generous helping and transferring it over to her plate, before passing it to you. You ceremoniously return the plate to Homura.

The golden brown pasta sits invitingly in front of the time traveller, still gooey cheese dripping to mix with the savoury beef still wafting in the air.

"... thank you," she allows, picking up her fork again.

"You're welcome!" Mami smiles.

"Hmm," you mutter as you chew through another mouthful of lasagne, the cheese and beef contrasting perfectly with the tartness of the tomatoes. "Hey Mami," you say. "What kind of music do you like, anyway?"

"Hmm..." Mami says. "Well, I love that tune you played for me..." she says with a smile. "Pop music too, and, ah, some opera."

"Heh, I could see you as an idol," you say with a smile. "What do you think, Homura?"

The black haired girl's nose wrinkles minutely. "I don't like idols," she mutters, still hungrily shovelling down the lasagne.

Mami looks crestfallen.

"*Homura!*" you snap at her telepathically.

"... but I'm sure you'll be a good one if you wanted to," Homura adds.

Mami smiles weakly. "Thank you, Sabrina, Homura."

"You'll definitely do well if you want to," you say firmly. "Anyway, speaking of music..."

A few of your Grief marbles drift into the kitchen, melding into the musical instruments.

"How about some dinner music?" you ask, simultaneously slipping your phone out of your pocket. "I'm taking requests after the first song, which is, of course..."

[Familiar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lujEQHNeVE) music fills the apartment, and you hold a finger to your lips, smiling at Mami, while your other hand holds your phone up in the air to get a clearer recording.

Homura raises an eyebrow a fraction of a centimeter at you as you play, and then at Mami, who's swaying her head contentedly along to the tune. Eventually, Homura shrugs, and returns to her dinner.

Finally, the music ends, Mami gracing you with a brilliant smile. "I will never get tired of that song, Sabrina."

You shrug, not really sure how to respond.

Mami brightens. "Ah! Sabrina, how about Homura?"

"Uh?" you ask, looking down at your phone, fingers clicking across the buttons to set the tune as the ringtone for Mami.

"Do you have any music ideas for Homura?" she asks.

"Hmm," you say, thinking about it. "Well, Homura... what do you think of this?" You take a deep breath, thinking of the tune, and then [start](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y43Ekgsf08w) playing it, again holding up your phone to record it.

Homura straightens in her seat as the music plays. When it finishes, Mami claps her hands, beaming at you. "It's lovely, Sabrina! Did you come up with it yourself?"

You shrug again. "Homura, what do you think of it?"

"... I like it," the time traveller allows.

"Excellent," you say cheerfully. "I'll make this your ringtone, then."

"Oh, custom ringtones?" Mami leans across the table, trying to see your phone as you click through its menus.

"Yep," you confirm. "Yours is... your tune, of course! I call it Credens Justitiam, by the way. 'Believe in justice'. And yours-" you look at Homura, "-is Luminous."

"*Credens justitiam*..." Mami rolls the syllables around. "Thank you, Sabrina."

Homura just nods.

You soon finish dinner, taking a second helping, as does Mami, while Homura goes for a third. You also take the time to record the ringtones for everyone, though you don't have Hitomi's or Oriko's phone number - seems Homura doesn't have them.

"I will do the dishes," Homura announces, pushing back her plate, virtually polished clean.

You blink at her. "Uh?"

Mami shakes her head. "There's no need, Homura."

"It's the least I can do," Homura insists.

"... OK," Mami agrees. "Just call if you need help, OK?"

Homura nods, silently stacking up the dishes to move to the sink.

"Hmm, I should put away my new things," you muse out loud.

"I'll help," Mami offers immediately.

"Sure, thanks!" you say, walking over to grab the bags containing your purchases.

The next fifteen or so minutes are spent in a frenzy of shredding packaging and hanging up the clothes, and transferring your Grief marbles to the new, more spacious, bag. You return to the living room, finding Homura sitting on the corner of the sofa, looking contemplative.

You settle on the couch, and Mami immediately sits beside you, pressing up against you.

Homura gives the two of you a sidelong glance, but doesn't otherwise comment.

You click on the news, and listen with a fraction of your attention, simultaneously reaching out for Oriko. "*Oriko?*"

The seer replies immediately. "*When I said 'it would be preferable for you to meet them', I meant that it would be preferable for you to *meet* them.*"

"*Excuse me?*"

"... minor tremors struck Ishinomaki earlier today. Experts say that a true earthquake is unlikely..."

"*You *only* needed to meet them,*" Oriko says. "*As I was expecting you to.*"

You snort. "*And you expected me to *not* try and help?*"

Oriko... doesn't groan, precisely. She's too *refined* for that. But you get the distinct impression of *discontent*. "*I have a migraine right now and no interest in talking to you. What do you want.*"

"... rose by 0.21% today. Growth is expected to continue..."

"*Anything important right now? Do you need cleansing?*" you ask.

"*No,*" the seer replies. "*To both. Today or tomorrow doesn't matter much. Good bye.*"

... rude.

"... scandal, as famed pop star..."

Nothing much of note seems to have occurred, or at least nothing that made it to either form of news you're listening to, anyway.

Homura stretches languidly on the sofa. "Are we going Witch hunting tonight?"

Mami stiffens a little. "We should," she says, voice somewhat reluctant.

Homura nods.

"Ah, are you sure you want to go out so soon after we ate?" Mami asks. You glance over at the time traveller, and note that her belly's actually a little rounded from the dinner.

"I'll be fine," Homura demurs.

---

- [ ] Head out
- [ ] By flight?
- [ ] Stay in
- [ ] Talk to them about Oriko
- [ ] Write-in

---

You know, for Homura, Mami's cooking is probably tied to some of the best memories she has. Idyllic days long lost.
