# Apprehension pt. 7

You drape one arm around Mami and give her a quick squeeze. "*We'll* be fine, right Homura?"

Faded lilac eyes regard you for a moment, and Homura nods slowly.

"Yeah," Mami takes a deep breath. "We will."

"That's the spirit," you smile. "Anyway, I was thinking, I could try flying all of us around?"

"Flying?" Mami gives you a curious look.

"Well, yeah," you say. "I was thinking I could just fly, and then use Mami's ribbons to make, um, platforms or something? Like a big hang-glider?"

"Umm..." Mami blinks. "That sounds a bit uncomfortable?"

"Uh," you say. "But... flying."

"I'm sure it's fun, though!" Mami exclaims, immediately looking contrite. "We can try it, if you like?"

"Hmm, new idea. I make a big platform out of Grief, and then we can stand, or sit on it?" you suggest.

"That sounds good," Mami agrees.

"Homura?" you ask.

"I'm fine with the idea," she says.

"Alright, let's go, then?" you offer, pushing youself off the sofa.

"Let's," Mami agrees.

You grab your new bag, and the three of you head out to the rooftop of the apartment block. You gesture with your hands, and let a torrent of marbles flood into the air, spiralling around you in a vortex before coalescing into a solid disc wide enough for all three of you to on, hovering a few centimeters off the roof. A twist of will forms little hooks along the sides for Mami to bind ribbons to.

"Mami, could you make ribbons for us to hold on to?" you suggest.

"Of course, Sabrina," she says, manifesting golden ribbons as indicated.

Homura gives the contraption, and then you, a dubious look.

You shrug at her. "It's probably faster?"

"Not if we fall off," she says.

"That's what the ribbons are for," you answer, boldly stepping up onto the platform, one hand grabbing on to the ribbons like the reins of a horse. Mami steps up beside you with a smile, holding onto her own set of safety ribbons. The platform doesn't budge, remaining obdurately stable.

Homura sighs, and mounts the platform, standing just behind you.

"Alright, then!" you say cheerfully. "Inaugural flight of, um, Magical Girl Airlines! Here we go!"

You move the platform off, smoothly accelerating off into the rapidly darkening sky, city lights glimmering below you. "So, where to? Mami, Homura?"

"Left!" Mami calls over the rushing wind that sets her golden ringlets fluttering staight out. "Towards the city center!"

"Got it!" You smoothly curve the disc in the indicated direction so that no one slips off, and zoom off towards the central business district. Under Mami's direction, the three of you zip across the area, senses hunting for a Witch.

"Found one!" you call, already moving over.

The glowing tear in reality, it turns out, is on the roof of a skyscraper... and as you approach it, you see a few people, dressed in suits, shamble out of the stairway and onto the rooftop, one of them already headed for the edge of the building.

"Witch Kisses!" Mami shouts in alarm.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Include your actions over the next few minutes, and going into the Barrier.
