# Apprehension pt. 8

It's not even a choice.

"Homura, timestop!" you bark.

Homura's shield arm is already snapping up, opposite hand reaching across to crank it. And time-

*-stops*. Profound silence, opressive and absolute, falls like a guillotine. Shades of grey shroud the city, muting out the endless rivers of headlights and the glowing neon of advertising signs. The yellow of Mami's ribbons in your hands, and your own costumes, are the only bright colours remaining in the world.

Ahead of you, one of the Witched Kissed office workers have almost reached the edge of the roof, knees bent slightly to spring.

Mami, beside you, sways a little, one hand groping for yours while the other maintains a grip on the ribbons. You let her grasp your hand, and you squeeze it reassuringly, feeling her half glove and warm fingers against yours.

"Mami, maybe you could ribbon all of them together?" you say, as you guide the platform closer.

"Oh, um, of course," Mami says, her expression firming. She raises the hand not holding onto you, and forms a golden banded ball, in her hand. She flicks her wrist and tosses it at the rooftop, making the throw easily, a single ribbon trailing back to her hand. The ball lands in the midst of the people, and explodes in a lashing forest of golden ribbons, writhing like striking serpents to wind around the frozen workers on the roof.

The blonde frowns slightly, and the ribbons contract, pulling the office workers into a pile. They don't protest, lying motionlessly in the pile with their limbs flopping limply about. "That should hold them," Mami says.

You chuckle, and Mami gives you a questioning look, while Homura hops nimbly off the platform to land on the rooftop.

"I was going to make a wall around the roof, just in case," you answer her unspoken question. "Turns out we don't need it."

Mami gives you a warm smile. "It's a good idea, Sabrina," she says.

Homura, down on the roof, straightens from inspecting the pile of Kissed office workers, hand going to her shield again. With the clatter of gears, she ends the timestop. You can feel Mami relaxing as colour and noise floods back into the world again.

"Good work, everyone!" you say cheerfully, dissolving the platform back into marbles and dropping to the rooftop, Mami still holding your hand. "Well, I *say* everyone. I didn't do anything."

Homura shakes her head fractionally, disagreeing.

"You got us here in time," Mami says. "If you weren't here..." she waves at the edge of the roof.

"Fine, fine," you say. "Anyway, cleanses, everyone?"

"Sure," Mami agrees with a warm smile. Homura nods in agreement, lifting her arm to present her Soul Gem to you.

You crook your fingers, and siphon off the corruption clouding their gems, as well as your own. Homura's Gem contains a surprising amount, but then again, it's been a while since you'd cleansed her Soul Gem. The day before, you think?

"... thank you," Homura says, hand dropping back to her side.

"Nah, no need to thank me," you tell her. You squeeze Mami's hand again. "You too, Mami, no need to thank me."

Mami chuckles weakly. "Y-you're keeping us a-alive," she says. "And you don't think you should be thanked?"

"You didn't think twice about taking in a random stranger from the street, feeding her, and clothing her," you tell her. "Why would I do anything *less* for my friends?"

"... thanks, Sabrina," Mami says.

Homura's footsteps ring a little louder on the rooftop as she walks towards the glowing entrance to the Barrier, skirting carefully around the pile of weakly struggling Witch Kissed office workers. You glance at Mami, and she smiles back at you, before following Homura, lightly tugging you by the hand.

"Oh, um, give me a moment?" you say, heading instead to look at the office workers, Mami following you. Homura pauses at the Barrier, turning to observe you. You stretch out your senses, taking a look at the Witch Kisses.

What look like simple markings to your eyes are... almost like Familiars, to your Grief sense. Tendrils of Grief intertwine with their bearers - presumably how they can *control* people. You could probably disrupt these things, you suspect, in much the same way you can dissolve Familiars.

"I just wanted to take a look at the Witch Kisses," you explain. "Anyway, let's go?"

You follow Homura and Mami into the Barrier, biting back your instincts screaming at you, revulsion rising at the greasy, *nauseating* feel of the Barrier around you. You vaguely wonder *why*; it's not like the Grief cloud you're holding under your control feels like that... Then again, maybe that's precisely it - the Barrier around you isn't under your control.

You look around. *This* Barrier is... is...

"Stairs," you say out loud. Endless staircases stretch ever upwards, disappearing into the poorly lit depths of the Barrier. Wooden ones of fine mahogany, others of unvarnished plywood, cold, impersonal concrete, rickety metal fire escapes... stairs of all varieties suspended in midnight blackness, descending from the dizzying heights above and dip into the abyss below. The staircase you're standing on is carpeted in a rich red, fine marble bannisters on either side.

Sheets of paper, dense with inky scribblings, drift downwards from above.

Homura shrugs. "Witches," she says mildly.

Mami nods in agreement. "Witches."

You shake your head. "So, uh, up or down?" You focus on your Soul Gem, trying to divine a direction.

Mami frowns, similarly focusing.

"Up," Homura says.

"Ah!" Mami smiles. "Excellent work, Homura!"

"*Mami is... still a little...*" Homura observes telepathically to you as she looks around, a pair of pistols sliding into her hand from her shield as she starts up the stairs, one at a time.

You reply with a telepathic sigh. "*She is *terrified* of being alone, Homura. Be her *friend*. It's all she needs.*"

The pistol in Homura's hand booms, thundering out a shot that punches through one of the drifting pieces of paper. The papers rustle, the whisper of paper sliding over paper magnified a thousand times over throughout the Barrier.

And the papers flood toward you, folding themselves into paper aeroplanes zooming down at you.

Homura's guns sound out a steady cadence of shots, slow and measured. Mami lets go of your hand and sweeps into a curtesy, muskets falling from her chest. The curtesy turns into a spin, one of her feet flicking out to kick a musket into the air. She catches it, and fires, the single shots lancing through one... two... three of the swooping aeroplanes at once. She casts you a wink over her shoulder, before twirling elegantly to grab another two rifles.

You smile, the cloud of Grief billowing forward, blades of Grief twisting out of them to join the dance of death, tearing through the paper Familiars with impunity.

The staircase groans under your feet, fine marble bannisters cracking and splintering.

Homura throws herself upwards, a burst of purple igniting beneath her feet and bouncing her upwards to land on a rickety fire escape.

Mami jumps onto the bannister, clearly aiming for the next staircase over.

The bannister *shatters* under her feet.

And Mami falls.

"MAMI!" the scream rips out of you, and you throw yourself after her, wings of corruption exploding into existence as you *tear* into the Barrier.

"SABR-"

The world is suddenly cast in lifeless greys, and Mami freezes midfall, hands reaching out.

A weight around your foot.

Timestop.

You dive, reaching out to grab Mami, her weight slamming into your arms. Golden ribbons explode from her hands, lashing around the staircases - her own method to arrest her fall.

"-INA!" You get a glimpse of wide-eyed fear crossing into confusion before her ribbons tauten, pulling her out of your grasp and into the frozen greys of timestop again, just out of your arms.

You pull out of the dive, and hover.

Tied to your foot is a long rope, dangling slack beneath you before looping upwards in a 'J' shape to its anchor point on a bannister above. Hanging from the rope with one arm is Homura, violet eyes wide as she looks down at you. Before you is Mami, frozen in timestop with ribbons tethering her to the various staircases forming the Barrier.

Your heart thunders in your chest. Even if Mami would have probably made it with her ribbons...

Your wings lift you a little higher, and you grab Mami firmly around the wiast, not letting the ribbons pull her out of your grasp this time. Colour blooms on her body, and she blinks in confusion, adrenaline slowly bleeding off as she clings to you.

"Sabrina?"

"Are you OK?" you ask anxiously, heavy wingbeats carrying the two of you up to Homura, who's begun climbing back up the rope to the staircase.

"I... yes," Mami says, swallowing.

You let Mami down on the staircase, just as Homura reaches the bannister and flips over it.

The three of you look at each other in silence.

**\[] Say something?
\[] Just continue
\[] Anything special to do to the Witch?
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

In the end, nothing actually life threatening. But still a scare.
