# Apprehension pt. 9

You take a shuddering breath. "Witches," you mutter. "Just... *Witches*."

Homura shakes her head. "It happens. We're... all safe."

Mami gives you two a wan smile. "Thank you... thank you for caring."

"You would have been fine," Homura says drily, regarding the blonde with faded lilac eyes.

"Still... Thank you, Homura. Thank you, Sabrina," Mami says, squeezing your hand lightly.

You smile encouragingly at her. "Well, we've come this far. We'll finish this together, right?"

Homura snorts softly. "Not even a question."

You glance at her in surprise, and give her a little nod.

"Yes," Mami agrees, also looking at Homura with faint surprise. "Yes, we will."

You twist your leg up, and undo the rope around your ankle with one hand, passing it back to Homura. A hand on her shoulder keeps you and Mami from being frozen out of the timestop.

Homura nods sharply, turns her shield, and ends the timestop, immediately sidestepping away, pistols dropping into her hands. Mami squeezes your hand one more time, before stepping aside, hand waving through a half circle in front of her. Muskets materialize in the wake of her motion, and boom as she snatches them out of the air, firing sequentially.

You smile, and your wings of Grief beat once, pulling you upward. Razor shards of Grief hunt through the storm of projectiles rippling outward from Mami and Homura, shredding the few Familiars that survive.

You'd try to take control of a Familiar, but that presupposes that one survives for longer than a second or two, with both Mami and Homura on the hunt.

The three of you ascend, the thunder of Homura and Mami's guns heralding your arrival as they bound ever upwards, you winging vigilantly beside them. The staircases creak and fall underfoot, but with you in flight, and Mami far more cautious now, it's not so much a concern... not that it ever really was.

"Almost there!" Mami calls from just ahead.

And you're-

\-*there*.

With a blast of chilly wind, you find yourself on the top of a massive wooden platform, the edges falling off into the abyss. On the wooden platform is a titanic pile of papers, inert ones, thankfully.

A heavy scritching noise echoes, and you look up to see an enormous, monolithic cylindrical shape tapered towards either end bearing down on the three of you, skating atop a gleaming brassy metal point that leaves behind a trail of blackness - a fountain pen worthy of a giant.

The Witch.

You immediately launch into the air, Mami and Homura darting to the sides in a dodge. The Witch halts in its tracks, and *spins* to point its nib at you. Ink launches at you lightning fast, a pressurized jet like an industrial steel cutter.

Too fast to dodge properly.

You spin, presenting the flat of a wing to it, and the ink *splashes*, the Grief of your wing shudderingly slightly as they absorb the blow, pushing you back slightly.

The world judders with concussive blasts, and the punishing stream cuts off. Homura, from the way the Witch is skating away from a smouldering crater in the wooden table beneath. Deep cracking noises from far to your right - you look over, and see Mami slamming shot after shot into the looming bulk of the Witch.

She gestures, and ribbons lash out, winding around the Witch and holding it still for a moment. Homura takes advantage, as do you, a hail of bullets and cutting Grief blades slamming into it, cleaving with impunity into plastic-like flesh and sending the Witch reeling in place.

"*Tiro-*" A familiar clarion call rings out. "*-Finale\~!*"

The oversized cannon booms, the titanic projectile punching the Witch backwards, almost snapped in two. Ink splatters like blood, a fine spray suffusing the air.

The Witch dies, the ruined cylinder collapsing on itself.

As Mami lands with an elegant flip, you can *feel* the Barrier begin to waver and dissolve.

You release the Grief making up the wings back into the Barrier with a small sigh, settling to the ground as the Barrier collapses. A ping nearby as the three of you are dumped unceremoniously back into reality - the Grief Seed, settling onto a protrusion on the rooftop you find yourself on.

*Not* the same rooftop you were on, earlier - you find yourself on the next one over. Squinting, you can make out the pile of office workers, still tied down by Mami's golden ribbons, which dissolve into motes of golden light even as you look.

You turn to smile at Mami, to congratulate her on a good hunt, only to find her frowning unhappily. "Normally, Kyuubey would help with the Witch Kissed people, but..."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Guess the little rat's good for something?
