# Apprehension pt. 10

You shake your head. "You don't need him, Mami. *We* don't need him." Peripherally, you note Homura walking quickly away, headed to pick up the fallen Grief Seed.

"But they-" Mami waves helplessly at the dazed looking people over on the far roof.

You stretch out your senses, looking for those parasitic Familiars on the people, and find nothing. "The Witch Kisses are gone," you say. "I can't sense them anymore. Let's go, Mami. If Kyuubey wants to keep magic a secret, then he'll show up soon. I'd rather not see his ugly face tonight."

Mami looks stricken. "I- *yes*, but..."

You walk over to her, putting your hand on her shoulder. "Mami, we did good here, today. No one died, and the Witch's influence is *gone*."

Mami swallows, her eyes sliding aside. "Y-yes," she says. "You're right."

"Homura?" you call, looking around for her while a portion of your attention is directed towards reforming your collection of Grief marbles into a flat, rectangular platform. You find her where the Grief Seed had fallen, just stooping to pick it up. She looks up at your call, and jogs back over.

"Time to go," you say, sitting yourself cross legged on the platform - you're going to call it a carpet. You could make it ripple like a piece of cloth, but that would probably make it uncomfortable. Mami sits down beside you, immediately leaning anxiously against you. Homura seats herself just behind the two of you.

"Off we go," you mutter, and lift your carpet into the air.

You glance back as the three of you zoom away from the rooftops.

Perhaps it's a trick of your imagination, and then again, perhaps not. But you'd swear that two crimson eyes glowing amidst a familiar form silhouetted against the skyline watch you leave.

"May I take this Grief Seed?" Homura asks, as you direct the carpet back home.

You shrug. "Mami?"

"I don't mind," she says.

"There we go, then," you say.

Homura nods, and puts the Grief Seed away. "Thank you."

You shrug again "Eh, it was a group hunt."

When you reach home, Mami silently unlocks the door and steps in, shucking her shoes. You're just a step behind her, while Homura lingers at the doorway, seemingly undecided.

**\[] Invite Homura to sleepover
\[] Talk to Homura
\- \[] About?
\[] Talk to Mami
\- \[] About?
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Unless you strike up a long conversation, the next vote will probably carry you to sleep.
