# Apprehension pt. 11

You glance at Homura, still dithering at the door - or at least, she's standing there, looking impassive, which would probably count as nervous fidgeting from anyone else. "*Hey, Mami, can we get Homura to stay for the night?*" you ask telepathically.

"*Oh, um... That would be fine,*" Mami says.

You glance at Homura. "Hey, would you like to come in?"

Homura nods, taking her shoes off and stepping in after you.

You wave her at the sofa. "Make yourself at home, OK?" Mami's not in the living room, but you can sense her in her bedroom.

Amethyst eyes flicker from you to the bedroom door, hanging slightly ajar, and Homura just nods.

Just as you're about to head over to see what Mami's doing, though, she pushes the door open, smiling at the two of you. Her smile is a little brittle, though.

"Ah, welcome again, Homura!" Mami says cheerfully.

"So anyway, Homura," you say, plonking yourself down on the sofa, and patting the space beside you while giving Mami a smile. The blonde shuffles over and cuddles up against you, leaning her head on your shoulder. You smile down at her, and she returns it, faintly.

"Ahem," you say, glancing past the blonde head in your way. "Would you like to stay the night again, Homura?"

Homura hesitates. "I..."

"C'mon, Homura," you say. "It's better than going home alone, surely? And I'm not slee-" You break off, cough, and continue, "and tomorrow's a Sunday, and everything."

The time traveller nods, slowly, her lips quirked minutely. "I will be headed out one more time tonight."

You shrug. "Hm? What for? But in any case... not really a problem," you say. "Right, Mami?"

"Yes, it's fine," she agrees.

The time traveller dips her head in a motion that's half a nod, half an abbreviated bow. "Thank you, then. I just need to go acquire more... materiel."

"Ah, that makes sense. And no need to thank me, Homura," you say. "No need at all."

The three of you sit in silence for a few minutes, before you decide to try striking up conversation again. "Hey Mami?"

"Mmm?" Golden eyes blink lazily up at you.

"Do you want to play something, maybe?" you suggest.

Mami looks pensieve. "N-no, if it's alright with you? I... I don't really feel like it. M-maybe we could take an early night?"

You shrug. "I don't mind."

"I won't get in the way," Homura murmurs, rising smoothly to her feet. "Good night, Sabrina, Mami. I... will be back later."

"G'night, Homura," you call. "Do you need a key?"

"That won't be necessary," she says, as she heads for the door.

You and Mami prepare for bed, taking showers, and Mami brushing out her hair as she usually does, before turning in. As you settle down on the mattress for the night, you can hear the door unlock, and Homura returning. She hesitates at the bedroom door, before proceeding past to head to the bathroom.

---​

You blink awake.

A body, warm and soft, clinging on to you. Shuddering, silent sobs wracking her body, your shoulder, soaked, testament enough.

You silently pull Mami into a hug.

"I-I *keep* telling myself h-he was n-*never-* m-my-" Mami's whispered admission is choked. "I-it d-*doesn't* h-help..."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Your next vote will *probably* carry you through to the next morning, so include that, too.
