# Apprehension pt. 12

You hug her tightly, letting her cling and shiver and sob under the silvery moonlight shining in through the window.

"It's going to be OK, Mami," you whisper, one hand brushing aside her golden hair, released from its curls for the night, to rub her back in slow, rhythmic circles.

"I-I-" Mami hiccups. "H-he-"

"Shh," you soothe. "I know, Mami. But... you have people who really care about you, people who want to be your friends. Me. Homura, even if she doesn't show it much. Madoka and Sayaka look up to you, and they're your friends too." You pause, letting it sink in. "None of that's a trick, or a lie, Mami. We care about you. *I* care about you."

You fall silent, letting Mami clutch at you with strength born of desperate fear never truly conquered. Your presence attests to *itself*; your willingness to stay with Mami and support her, to be her friend. Or so you hope.

"D-di-" Mami mumbles. "M-my- last b-birthday. H-he was t-there. T-the *only* o-one-"

Renewed tears soak your shoulder.

"Mami, I'm here," you say. Your hand is still rubbing her back gently, soothingly. "And I'll *be* here for you."

Or so you hope, anyway. You *desperately* hope you can make good on that promise...

Mami nods weakly, the motion smearing her tears over the rest of your arm.

You suppress a sigh, for fear that she'd take it the wrong way. Had Kyuubey done this deliberately? You can believe it. How hard would it have been to drive the more ruthless girls to Mami, ensuring that they'd contract, and eventually, leave her, chipping her away bit by bit and leaving her psyche a fragile, brittle thing?

Mami's sobs slowly peter out, and her breathing evens into the slow, steady rhythm of sleep. Her left hand, with her Soul Gem ring, is splayed across you, so you take the opportunity to wipe free the corruption clouding her Gem. Her sleeping face relaxes slightly, and you direct the stream of Grief out the door, coalescing into marbles to join the rest in your bag.

\=====​

The rest of your night is uninterrupted, and you wake up later than usual, with your right arm completely numb from the weight of a head of blonde haired using it as a pillow.

You cautiously try to ease your arm out from underneath her without waking her, but her eyes fly open as you shift about. "Sabrina!"

You snake that arm around her shoulders, preventing her from pulling away as she did yesterday morning. "Good morning, Mami," you greet her.

Wide open golden eyes meet yours, and you give her a quick smile. Point made, that you don't mind, you squeeze her gently, before letting your right arm drop.

She stays. "... good morning, Sabrina."

You smile warmly at her. "Shall we get up, then?"

"Ah, yes," she says, looking flustered, and pushes herself upright. Pins and needles flood you arm, and you discretely shake it out as you lever yourself to your feet, too. The shirt's crusty against your arm, but you don't comment.

"I'll go and wash up, OK, Mami?" you ask her.

She smiles wanly. "OK."

After your morning ablutions, the two of you wander into the kitchen to begin preparing breakfast, [gentle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAu4TajHYLk) music filling the apartment from your Grief instruments, played with a bare fraction of your attention.

You have fresh blueberries and other fruits from yesterday's shopping, so... why not? Pancakes, a little cereal, some toast for variety... cream and butter and syrup... Mami turned her nose up at the notion of bacon, yesterday. Not quite a fan of savoury breakfasts.

Homura wanders into the kitchen, while the two of you are bustling about, sleepily rubbing at her eyes with the back of her hand, before realizing where she was and snapping back to her usual rigid mask, which she ruins with a wide, jaw-cracking yawn that makes your own ache in sympathy.

"Good morning, Homura!" you say cheerfully, heading past her with handfuls of cutlery to set the table. Mami echoes the greeting, leaning back from the frying pan she's tending to give the time traveller a quick smile.

"Good morning," Homura replies.

"Sleep well?" you ask, returning for the bowls of cut fruit.

"Yes," she replies.

"Excellent," you say. "Breakfast'll be done soon."

And indeed it is, the three of you sitting down in front of an extravagant breakfast spread. Homura immediately goes for the pancakes, as does Mami, if more sedately, while let your music die away and turn on the television for the news, before acquiring some toast for yourself.

You wink at Mami, and reach out telepathically, linking up everyone - Mami, Homura, yourself, Madoka, Sayaka.

"*Good morning, everyone!*" you call cheerfully.

"*Good morning, Sabrina!*" Madoka replies.

"*Good morning,*" Homura says quietly.

"*Good morning, Madoka,*" Mami says.

"*Mnnaaaa,*" Sayaka complains a moment later, sounding half asleep. "*It's Sunday! Who gets up at eight on a Sunday?*"

You laugh, sending amused chortles back to her. "*Everyone apart from you, apparently! Good morning.*"

"*No it's not,*" Sayaka fires back.

"*Good morning, Sayaka!*" Madoka says cheerfully.

"*Agh, fine. Good morning,*" Sayaka gives in. "*I suppose everyone's in here?*"

"*Good morning, Sayaka,*" Mami adds.

"*... good morning, Miki,*" Homura allows, busily engulfing another pancake.

"*Figures,*" Sayaka grumbles. "*So, what's up this morning?*"

"*Nothing, really,*" you say. "*Just... morning, you know? Time to check in with all my friends and stuff.*"

"*... ugh, why do I even bother,*" Sayaka grumbles.

Mami chuckles.

"*Anyway, yeah, I guess that's it?*" you say. "*Unless anyone has anything?*"

After a chorus of negatives and goodbyes, you end the call with a smile. Mami's smiling, too, which you'll take as a good sign.

You decide against more toast, and instead reach for the cereal.

"... further tremors. Experts urge calm, noting that the aftershocks..."

"Hmm," you mutter, glancing at the television. "Earthquake."

Mami follows your glance, twisting in her seat to look at the television. "In Ishinomaki?"

"Yeah," you say, mixing some fruit in with the cereal, still eyeing the television, which has switched over to talking about the finanical news.

Mami sighs. "After the big earthquake... last month... we're lucky, Mitakihara wasn't affected much."

"Mmm," you agree.

The three of you have a heavy breakfast, and lounge around in sated contentment.

"So..." you begin. "Mami, two things."

"Yes, Sabrina?" Mami asks, looking inquisitively at you.

"Could I invite Nagisa over today?" you ask. "Some time in the afternoon, maybe?"

"Of course!" Mami smiles.

You nod, returning the smile. "Alright, then. Um, well, the other thing. Oriko and Kirika are still under house arrest... I should bring them the rest of their stuff today, I think, and they'll probably be wanting cleanses, too."

Mami's face darkens, and out of the corner of your eye, you can see Homura frown minutely. Eventually, though, Mami nods. "I-" she pauses, and then starts again. "I would feel better if I could come with you."

"Of course," you echo Mami's earlier statement.

"Alright, then," Mami nods slowly. "I don- it's necessary."

"I should be going," Homura interjects suddenly, rising gracefully to her feet. She pauses, and adds, "Thank you for letting me stay over, and the breakfast."

"You're welcome!" Mami says, smiling at her, though the expression is slightly edged, presumably at the thought of Oriko. You echo Mami.

"... before I go, may I have a cleanse?" Homura asks, raising her hand.

"Sure," you agree, and proceed to do just that.

Homura nods at you in silent thanks, before leaving quietly.

You chuff out a sigh, and push yourself to your feet. "I suppose we should start cleaning up, too."

After the cleanup, you grab your new phone, and seat yourself on the sofa, Mami sitting close beside you again, and dial Momoe Shin's number. The phone rings for a minute, before, to your surprise, he cancels it. A message comes in a moment later, from a mobile number: *Who is this?*

Your fingers click across the keys. *Sabrina.*

*My apologies, we will be busy today. My sister's funeral. Apologies for not inviting you, family affair.*

... oh.

This *would* be about the right time, wouldn't it.

You sigh gustily, blowing a stray strand of white hair out of your face. Well, that's your afternoon plans sunk, but it's still early. What to do, what to do...

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Sorry for the late update. Had a very busy day.
