# Apprehension pt. 13

"Looks like I won't be inviting Nagisa over today," you frown unhappily.

"Huh?" Mami asks.

You tilt your phone to let her see the message exchange.

"Oh..." Mami says, looking down. "Tomorrow, then."

"If possible," you agree. You exhale slowly. "Well. Shall we head out, then?" you ask Mami, putting your phone away.

"To see to... Mikuni?" Mami asks.

You nod. "If that's OK, Mami?"

Mami sighs. "I guess we have to."

The two of you head up to the rooftop, and you transform in the usual blaze of light, the comforting weight of your mantled coat settling over your shoulders.

You build a simple platform out of Grief, a deep, nearly black, purple of unsettling patterns to contrast with the cheerfully blue sky today. Clear skies for the rest of the day, if you recall the news correctly. You sit on it, dangling your legs over the side, and glance over at Mami, now resplendent in her own puella magi costume.

She hurries over, and sits beside you.

"OK, so," you tell her as you lift the platform, accelerating smoothly into the sky. "We're going to this warehouse Oriko had set up as, well, a bolthole, so that I can bring the rest of her stuff to her."

"OK," Mami agrees easily.

The flight is actually quite pleasant, you muse as you cut across the city well above skyscraper height. Just cool wind rushing past your face, the warm presence of Mami at your side. The Grief platform is a little uncomfortable to sit on, since it's wholy rigid, but... your instruments. You could change their properties, so it stands to reason that a little mental focus... the platform *softens*, feeling more like sitting on a well supported mattress than anything.

Mami gives a soft, "Oh!" at the curious sensation, and you grin at her. She smiles back.

You soon find yourself cruising in over the industrial area, skirting carefully around the plumes of flue gas.

"Well, this is it," you say, landing carefully in the little open space of the courtyard, inside the surrounding fence. A quick push opens the door of the warehouse, revealing it to Mami in all its carpeted, well furnished glory.

Mami stares.

"Yeah," you agree.

The blonde shakes herself. "She intended to hide here?"

"Yep," you agree, pushing Mami lightly. She obligingly steps into the warehouse, still looking around in mixed wonderment tinged with unhappy annoyance, presumably directed at a certain seer of your mutual acquaintance. You pad about, locating another duffel bag that you begin loading up with the spare clothes and dry, tinned foods. When that's full, you take a step back, and look at the refrigerator thoughtfully.

"Hey, Mami?"

"Hmm?"

...

Of *course* she would notice the single mattress.

She's giving the mattress a considering look, and when she turns to glance at you, there's the *slightest* blush on her face.

"Do you think I should just bring the whole refrigerator?" you ask, pretending you didn't notice.

"Uh," Mami blinks at you. "... if you want?"

"Right, then," you say. A disc of Grief slides under the refrigerator, and you carefully raise it into the air, disconnecting the plug. Golden ribbons suddenly burst into existence, lashing themselves around the refrigerator and binding it to the disc. You give Mami a smile of thanks.

"I think that's everything I'm willing to bring, then," you call to Mami, giving the carpets and plush chairs and computer a long look. You hold the duffel bag out into the air, and a band of Grief winds around the handle of the bag to form a carrier. When you withdraw your hand, the band easily supports the weight of the bag, hanging in mid air.

Mami nods, casting another look around the warehouse, before joining you over at the door. You push and latch it shut, before resuming your seat on your carpet and heading off to Oriko's mansion, refrigerator and densely packed duffel bag bobbing after you like demented balloons.

You land in the rose garden behind her house, and dismount to see Oriko already at the glass door, sliding it open to let you in.

"Mikuni." Mami's eyes narrow.

"Sabrina. Tomoe."

You sigh. "Hello." You can faintly hear the distant thumping of crutches on the wooden floor as you move into the house, the bag and refrigerator drifting after you as if carried by unseen porters.

Oriko gives the floating refrigerator a look, which she then transfers to you. You give her a blank, indifferent look in response.

You float both the bag and the refrigerator in the kitchen, and follow the seer to her living room, Mami's eyes warily watching her back.

"Please, take a seat," Oriko says with a regal wave at the sofas. "I will return momentarily with refreshment."

You settle on the extraordinarily comfortable sofa, Mami sitting a little more uneasily at your side, muscles tense.

Kirika stumps into the room a moment later. "Hi Sabrina!" she says cheerfully. "And... Mami? I think?"

"Hi, Kirika," you greet her awkwardly.

"Tomoe Mami," Mami says, voice chilly, and with a slight emphasis on her surname.

Kirika's smile dims, as she carefully lowers herself into the far end of the sofa. Oriko returns a moment later with a carefully balanced tray bearing a teapot and cups, which she distributes silently.

Oriko sits beside Kirika, and the black haired girl's hand snakes behind the seer's back. Her fingers twine through Oriko's hair, teasing and playing with the wavy grey strands. Oriko, by contrast, sits rigidly upright, posture prim and perfect, both hands folded demurely on her lap.

Mami straightens imperceptibly, posture equally proper, smoothing her already immaculate skirt.

Half lidded golden eyes unblinkingly stare down sea green ones.

...

You bite back an aggrieved sigh. You *really* should have expected this.

Mami brings her cup up to her face, enjoying the aroma, before taking a gentle sip.

Oriko mirrors the action, equally slowly, every motion graceful and measured.

They resume their staring match.

Your gaze meets Kirika's, and for a moment, the two of you understand each other *perfectly*.

In eerie synchronization, you and Kirika lean forward, reach for your teacups and *slurp* a *loud* mouthful.

"Sabrina!" "Kirika!"

You chuckle, setting the teacup down.

Oriko sighs. "Your actions two days ago caused... a significant degree of flux in the future," she says slowly. She holds up her hand, glancing at Mami. "Peace, Tomoe. I... did not... forsee that Sabrina would interfere to such a degree."

Mami blinks, and seems to swallow an angry outburst, choosing instead to frown at the seer. "But you told her about the Sendai group," she states.

"I did," Oriko agrees. "It was... necessary." Her lips tighten. "You are aware of the state Miss Gaikotsu was in?"

You can see where the conversation is going - skirting rather close to the nature of Witches, and decide to interrupt. "Mami, I *saw* how bad it was. Oriko said she wouldn't have made it had she not gotten healing... And I think she's right," you say, touching a hand to Mami's, and nodding at Oriko. The seer returns the nod, eyes glinting slightly.

Mami hides a grimace, not entirely successfully. Not from you, anyway, you're not sure if Oriko can tell.

---

- [ ] Write-in conversation
- [ ] Write-in next move (if applicable)
- [ ] Write-in

---

You have one thousand, seven hundred and thirty seven Grief marbles, and three Grief Seeds in your pockets.
