# Apprehension pt. 14

"Ah!" you say loudly. "I'm sorry, I haven't cleaned your Soul Gems yet." You can already sense their Soul Gems on Kirika's person, both pulsing with an *unhealthy* amount of Grief, Oriko's more so than Kirika's. Nothing *dangerous*, but a surprising amount nevertheless.

Both Oriko gives you a *look* that says as well as any words could that she can see the transparent change of topic for what it is. Nevertheless, she glances at Kirika. "Kirika?"

The black haired girl nods, and reaches into her pocket to pull out their two Soul Gems, setting them on the table. Mami gasps softly as they come into view - both are visibly pulsing with darkness.

You frown at Oriko. *How* did she accumul-

Oriko preempts your question, probably expecting it. It doesn't take a seer to figure out the *obvious* question to ask, after all. "Your actions caused a significant degree of flux in the future," she says tonelessly, looking at the darkness dancing within her Soul Gem, expression disturbed at the sight. That sea green gaze turns to glance at you, one aristocratic eyebrow raised.

You snort. "Well, without specific direction," you say, "I did what I could." You reach out one hand, *pulling* at the Grief clouding their Gems.

Mami puts her hand on your shoulder, directing a worried frown on you. "Sabrina..."

"I know," you say, giving her a quick, rueful smile.

"She wasn't in any danger," Oriko states.

You give her a sharp look - didn't she say that she couldn't predict *you*? She returns to you an imperturbable, unruffled look, and a telepathic message. "*I'm lying.*"

Mami shakes her head, frowning. "That's not *enough*."

You huff out a sigh as the last of the Grief drifts free, and you look at Mami. "Misunderstandings all around. Oriko... was trying her best, I think, and using less... extreme ways to save people." You turn slightly to glance at the seer, giving her a nod. You... won't *thank* her, but you'll acknowledge that she seems to be trying.

She gives you a slow nod.

Mami sighs. One of her hand creeps into your lap and grabs your hand. You let her, squeezing back lightly.

"So, Oriko," you say, catching the seer's attention. "What do you know about the earthquakes in Ishinomaki? Could be a coincidence, but the Sendai group was headed there next..."

Oriko closes her eyes, wincing and bringing her hand up to place her thumb and fingers to her temples. "*That* is... *part* of the results of what you did." Kirika makes a little squeaking noise, and tugs lightly on Oriko's shoulders, trying to pull her around. "Not now, Kirika," she sighs.

"What do you mean?" you ask carefully.

"What... seems to have happened... is that the Sendai group, in part because of the... interactions with you... have accidentally ignited a... conflict in Ishinomaki," the seer says haltingly, eyes still closed. On the table, her Gem slowly tarnishes, and you spare a bit of attention to cleanse that, a slow trickle of Grief wisping into the air. "The situation is rapidly spiralling into a larger conflict."

"You can't possibly say that that's Sabrina's fault!" Mami defends you.

Oriko shakes her head. "It would have happened eventually," she says with an air of finality. "Sabrina's actions... brought it forward."

Mami doesn't seem quite appeased, frowning at the seer.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Heh.
