# Apprehension pt. 15

"Who else is involved, besides th-" Oriko holds up a hand, forestalling your question.

The seer takes a deep breath, eyes remaining shut. You can see her eyes twitching under her eyelids, shuttling back and forth as she watches something that isn't there. "Nineteen... twenty... twenty-two magical girls currently involved, as of five minutes in the future," she mutters, voice strained. On the table, her Soul Gem continues to *seethe* with Grief, though you easily keep up with it.

"Ishinomaki, Sendai... Fukushima? A group from... Tome City," Oriko frowns, head tilting back. "...Fighting in Sendai. A group flying in. Tokyo. Osaki. Two groups from Sendai?"

As Oriko's litany goes on, the blood slowly drains out of Mami's face. "The University group?" Mami asks, her hand clutching yours with icy cold fingers.

Oriko's frown deepens. "Possib- yes. Internecine fighting-" Oriko finally submits to Kirika's insistent tugging on her shoulders, twisting to allow the black haired girl access to her back. Kirika begins kneading the seer's shoulders, her tongue sticking out as she adopts an expression of comically intense concentration.

Mami licks her lips, a flash of pink on her chalk-white face. "It's a territory grab."

"Hmmm, Mami?" you ask.

"I always stayed out of this kind of thing... except when they tried to come *here*. But..." She shakes her head, golden drills bouncing. "The Tohoku University Group tried to recruit me, a while ago."

"You turned them down," you say.

She nods slowly. "They... got their support from others..."

"And so did the *main* Sendai group," you finish. "And now everyone's calling in their favours. Oriko?"

Oriko shakes her head. "I see the *future*, not the past," she frowns, eyes still closed. "Long held tensions..."

"We're staying out of this," Mami declares. "We're not getting involved."

"The Sendai group is fighting on two fronts," she mutters. "They cann- they're going to retreat and consolidate. Onaga- Tome... It may not be an option, Tomoe."

Mami's lips press together, flattening out into a ruler straight line.

"The tremors are coming from the fighting?" you ask, to confirm.

"Earthquakes..." Oriko grimaces. "One of the Ishinomaki group."

Kirika looks up from massaging Oriko's shoulders. "I could take her," she offers, orange eyes bright. "Even... you know." She waves at her broken leg.

Oriko chuckles. "Yes, you could, dear," the seer leans back against the black haired girl, eliciting a squeak and a vivid red blush from her.

"Ugh," you grunt.

---

- [ ] The tea's gone cold. Reheat it.
- [ ] Ask about...
- [ ] Reassure Mami
- [ ] How?
- [ ] Write-in

---

You have one thousand, eight hundred and thirty two Grief marbles, and three Grief Seeds in your pockets.
