# Apprehension pt. 16

Mami reaches out for her cup and sips at it to clam her nerves, before making a little face at the cold tea.

You sigh, glancing aside at Oriko, who's luxuriating in Kirika's embrace.

You push yourself off the sofa, Mami making a disappointed little noise, and her hand lingering a little on yours as you pull away. You give her a quick smile, though, as you reach for the teapot. "Oriko, do you have a microwave?"

"In the kitchen," Oriko mutters, waving in the general direction of said kitchen. You head in that direction, bearing the teapot in one hand.

Mami pads into the kitchen, close on your heels, just in time to see you pull open the microwave door to put the teapot in. You freeze guiltily, one hand on the teapot and the other on the microwave door as half lidded golden eyes land on you. "Sabrina, what are yo-"

There's a muted thud from the direction of the living room, and Oriko scrambles in to the kitchen a moment later, one hand leaning on the doorjamb. "*No.* You do *not* ruin *gyokuro* by microwaving it."

Mami sighs wearily, her brows still furrowed in a worried frown. "There's a *war* going on," she says. "It... hardly..." Nevertheless, she gently nudges your hands away from the microwave, and guides you over to the sink.

Kirika hobbles into the kitchen on her crutches at this point, looking around wide eyed at the hubbub.

You sigh, and obligingly pour the tea down the sink, watching the light green brew swirl down the drain. The leaves you dump into the rubbish. Behind you you can hear Oriko awkwardly pulling open a drawer and withdrawing what turns out to be a wooden box, from which she in turn withdraws a cannister of tea. When you turn, she's very pointedly still hanging on to the tea and giving you a little glare.

"Fine, fine," you mutter. You'll probably brew the tea wrongly, anyway. "Mami, shall we go back?"

"I suppose so," the blonde agrees.

You and Mami meander back into the living room, Kirika stumping past you to join Oriko in the kitchen.

"Mami," you ask, as she seats herself beside you. "Do you know anything else about all these groups, and the girls?"

"Sabrina..." her hand gropes for yours, still icy cold in your grasp. You bring both hands up to cup her hand, warming it a little. "You- we *should* stay out of this. We *can't* get mixed up in a *war*."

You grimaces unhappily, mind churning with possibilities and plans and *questions*. "That might not be possible, Mami," you tell her. "But... the important thing is that we need to know more about it, first. Whatever happens, we can't go forward blind. We need a *plan*, even if it's just staying here."

She shivers. "I... I suppose," she admits.

The thump-thud of crutches heralds the return of Kirika and Oriko, bearing the freshly refilled teapot. Kirika's eyes track to you, and then down to Mami's hand, held between two of yours. A grin blossoms on her face, and she gives you a discreet thumbs up.

"You have questions," Oriko says, as she pours out fresh tea for everyone.

You nod, claiming a cup of tea with one hand, Mami still clutching your other hand tightly. You hesitate, and then pass it to Mami, who recieves it with a grateful smile, while you grab the other cup.

"So," you start. "What could be *worth* all this fighting, this trouble?"

Oriko sighs. "I see the *future*, not the past," she says wearily. "If I can predict motivations, it's because someone says something, and I *infer* from that. Nevertheless... Kirika, my Soul Gem?"

The black haired girl fumbles in her pocket, and then replaces Kirika's Soul Gem on the table. She took it back when she headed into the kitchen, in all likelihood?

The seer closes her eyes. "Territory is the *ostensible* reason. The two... The University Group..." Her lips move silently for a moment. "A trap. They allied themselves with the Ishinomaki girls... they attacked when the Sendai group was split up on a healing circuit. The Tome group... a grudge? One of them used to be from Sendai... No, the University group."

Her Soul Gem begins to seethe Grief in a slow, churning effusion.

"You understand that I cannot look into the past to see exactly *why*," Oriko notes, voice strained. Kirika worms an arm around her back, anxiously cuddling up to the seer. "I can look *forward* and make... guesses."

"Right," you say, "But it's important to know. Next question - what's the casualties like?"

"In the immediate aftermath... four... dead," Oriko answers, this one coming quick, as if she'd expected it, though she hesitates a little over the word 'dead'. You can guess why. A sidelong glance at Mami - she swallows, face growing pale again. "In the longer term... another nine, by month's end."

"And the collateral?" you ask grimly.

"A dozen city blocks levelled, across Sendai, and Ishinomaki," Oriko answers.

You can't help but think that that's... not terrible, for what amounts to a *war*. "What's the chances of them triggering off something bigger? If they have someone who can make *earthquakes*..."

*That* startles Oriko. "What? Low-" she *twitches*, back arching slightly. "*High.* It's not *during* the fight. It comes *after*."

"Crap," you mutter. "This gets worse and worse." Mami's grip on your hand, at this point, is a desperate deathgrip crushing your hand.

"*Damn* you, Oriko," Mami whispers. "*Damn* you. Y-you're-"

"I'm not lying, Tomoe," Oriko says sharply.

"Y-you couldn't k-kill Sabrina yourself," Mami counters, gaze hardening and steadying on Oriko's. "So you get her out of the *city* so that you can."

Kirika bristles, directing an angry gaze at Mami.

---

- [ ] Intercede
  - [ ] How?
- [ ] Continue asking
- [ ] Write-in

---

I'm holding the rest of the questions in abeyance, by the way, if you choose, now or at any point forward, to continue asking.

Spoiler

- [x]What happens after the Sendai group consolidates?
- [x]Can you give a complete listing of what groups are involved at this time?
- [x]How much does the fighting expand as time goes on?
- [x]How is the combat moving? Where are magical girls moving and at what speed?
- [x]Can you see any specific power sets?
- [x]Do you see Kyouko or Yuma or both?
- [x]Anything else that seems useful?
- [x]You mentioned earthquakes. How are the nearby nuclear reactors holding up?
