# Apprehension pt. 17

Oriko places a quelling hand on Kirika's. The berserker subsides, still glaring at Mami.

"Mami, I don't think she is," you say slowly. "She was... misguided, and sure that she was in the right before-" you can see Mami's face growing thunderous at the reminder "-but she never meant to hurt anyone for its own sake."

"She burned down Sayaka's house!" Mami snaps, her fingers tightening on yours. "She *blew your leg off!* And you think she was *misguided?* You *trust* her?"

"Hey!" Kirika snarls, leaning forward.

"Kirika, enough," Oriko says, and the black haired girl sinks back into the sofa again, glaring daggers at Mami. Oriko stands, and turns to help Kirika onto her crutches. "Excuse us," she murmurs.

"No." Mami explodes to her feet, rounding on the seer. "I think you remember the last time you tried to *run* and *hide*, Mikuni." She almost spits the name.

You bounce to your feet behind Mami. The sudden burning *rage* radiating from the blonde catches you by surprise, and so you simply hover, unsure of what to do.

Oriko slants a sidelong look at Mami, carefully interposing herself between Kirika and the blonde.

"Do you deny it?" Mami demands, facing Oriko with steely eyes.

"I did those things," Oriko admits quietly. "But Sabrina is correct. I... leave it to her."

"*No,*" Mami snaps, looking at the seer, and then back at you. "I mean-"

"Mami..." you say gently, touching a hand to her shoulder. You flap your other hand at the pair. Oriko frowns at you, but silently leaves the room, while Mami glares after her. When they step out of the living room -you can sense them moving to another room in the house- you gently pull Mami back to the sofa.

She refuses to sit. Instead, she tugs lightly on your elbow. "Sabrina, let's go. Let's just... go home."

"Mami... you *saw* what state they're in. They can't hunt Witches... they *need* me to cleanse their Soul Gems," you say.

"I-I'm- she tried to k-kill you!" Mami exclaims. "I-I'm sure she could find some easy Witches, or a healer or something."

"We can't stay out of this, Mami," you say, trying a different tack. "We can't, or I *would*. They... the Sendai girls know me. Know what I can *do*. They... they're not bad people, Mami, but if they come to me for help... the war will follow."

She collapses to the sofa, burying her head in her hands, and you sit beside her, taking both her hands between yours.

"Whatever we decide, we need information first," you tell Mami. "Even if Oriko is lying, we can't make any judgments based on an incomplete picture, but whatever Oriko has to say, we should let her finish before we make any judgments."

"She *already* finished!" Mami replies. "We could just go *home*! Don't let her feed you any more lies." You can tell she doesn't really believe that, either.

"Mami, I won't go rushing off before I have enough information, and a plan," you try to reassure her.

Mami's expression crumples, and she slumps. "You've already made up your mind."

You sigh, heartfelt, still holding her hands in your own. Icy cold fingers clutching yours, shaking in fear. "Please, Mami. If there's a war happening... I-I can't just *sit* here and *let* it happen," you whisper, feeling utterly wretched. "Thirteen dead magical girls, and who knows how many in the crossfire. I *met* some of them, Mami. They're not all bad people. A dozen city blocks. I... *can't*. I just..."

Mami stares at you, expression hollow and defeated. "I know. I k-*know*." She laughs bitterly. "You w-wouldn't be *you* if you *could*." She gives you a smile, and it's a ghastly rictus of an expression, nothing at all like the warm, cheerful smiles you *know* she can give. "I'm going w-with you," she declares.

---

- [ ] Continue reassuring Mami
  - [ ] With?
- [ ] Call Oriko back
  - [ ] Proceed with questioning
- [ ] Write-in

---

If Mumi had her way, PMAS would be a happy slice of life interspersed with a few light Witch hunts.
