# Apprehension pt. 18

You give her a smile, slightly relieved, mind working on deciding the best course ahead; to use timestop to extend the time you have available to you? "Of course," you tell her. "I would have asked if you hadn't volunteered... You're a powerful and experienced magical girl, Mami. I'd be stupid not to ask you come with me."

Mami's expression *crumples* even further, and her fingers slacken on yours. "Powerful... and experienced. Yes. Yes, I suppose I am..." Her Soul Gem, already slowly bubbling with Grief, suddenly *spikes* again.

A chill runs down your spine. "Mami, what's wrong?"

"N-no," Mami shakes her head. "It's n-nothing."

You frown. "Mami, I'm going to ask Homura to come over, OK? We- I- The clock's ticking, and time stop will give us more... time."

Mami nods jerkily. "Y-yes. If you think it's for the best..."

You look at Mami, worried frown etching itself on your face. But... you're racing the clock here. "*Homura?*" you call telepathically.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" the time traveller replies almost instantly.

"*Could we get your help for timestop for a bit? We're over at Oriko's house,*" you say.

"*On my way,*" she replies.

"She's on her way," you tell Mami. She's looking down at her hands, still held between yours. You squeeze them lightly, trying to reas-

\-sure her.

You blink. Homura's standing in front of you in her puella magi costume, regarding the two of you with faded lilac eyes. Her hand on your shoulder links you to her, the world greyed out in timestop, oppressive silence pressing in again.

"Thanks for coming, Homura," you say. "Gem cleanse?"

Homura bobs her head in a little nod of acknowledgement, and presents to you her Soul Gem. Mami's hand is already held in yours, and so you easily siphon off the corruption from her ring and Homura's amethyst Soul Gem.

"Alright," you say, absently compressing the Grief down into marbles. "Homura, I'm sorry for calling you here and then chasing you off again, but could you give Mami and I a moment? It's important."

Homura nods again. "What is this about?"

"A war in Ishinomaki," you say. "But... later. Please?"

A faint crease appears on Homura's head, but she nods, withdrawing her hand from your shoul-

\-der. A rope has joined Mami's hand on your lap, and Homura's already walking away, carefully doling out the rope from the main reel.

"Thanks," you call after the time traveller, before turning to face Mami properly. You pull her into a tight hug, and she hangs limply in your grasp. "Mami, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry... this must be *miserable* for you. And... it doesn't look like it's going to be getting better any time soon."

Mami doesn't respond.

She's shaking.

**\[] Proceed
\[] Talk to Mami
\- \[] About?
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

The *one* time you don't nitpick the vote.
