# Apprehension pt. 19

It takes you a moment to realize what's wrong, as Mami shakes in your arms. But when you do...

Oh, *no*.

You tighten your embrace around Mami.

"No. Nonono-" you begin, words almost tripping over themselves. "Mami, I- Mami. You know that before all your history as a magical girl, I care about *you*, right? I'll be with you no matter what, for *you*."

"... d-don't," Mami whispers, shaking her head. "D-d-*don't-*"

You cringe. "Mami, no." Stark desperation leaks into your tone. "I'm so, so sorry - Mami, I *didn't mean it that way*."

Mami shakes her head against your shoulder. "I-I- whatever y-you *need*, S-Sabrina. J-just d-don't- *l-leav-*" Mami shudders in your grasp, and brings her arms up to wrap around you with desperate fervour.

She's still shaking.

"I *won't*, Mami," you say, holding her equally tightly. "You mean the *world* to me. You're a good person, and you're someone I care about. That matters *far* more to me than anything else. You don't need to do anything to earn it, because I care about *you*, Mami. Not the magical girl, not what you can do. *You*."

A fraction of your mind is focused on keeping her Soul Gem clean, draining away the trickle of corruption suffusing her Gem.

Mami sniffles quietly.

"I..." you can feel her swallowing. "J-just-"

"I *won't*," you repeat. "I *mean* what I said, Mami. You mean the *world* to me, and *I care about you.*"

"OK." She swallows again. "OK," she repeats, voice shaky. You can tell she's trying to force herself to a semblance of calmness. She tries to pull out of the hug. "L-let's call H-Homura back."

---

- [ ] Continue talking
  - [ ] About?
- [ ] Call Homura back
  - [ ] Proceed
- [ ] Write-in

---

Oh hey, Mami's all better again!
