# Apprehension pt. 20

You keep your arms around Mami, not letting her go. She's *not* OK yet.

"No. Don't do this to yourself," you tell her. "We can go when *you're* ready, Mami."

She struggles weakly, half-heartedly. "N-no, we- I s-shouldn't-"

"No," you repeat. "Take as long as you *need*, Mami. It's OK."

She goes limp in your arms, and hesitantly returns her arms to around your waist. When you don't protest, she buries her head against your neck. You can feel her breath coming in short, shuddering gasps, warm against your skin as you let her recover. In what has become an unfortunately familiar motion, you rub her back gently.

Eventually, she pulls back again. You tighten your arms around her, giving her ine last squeeze, before releasing her. She reaches up to touch her hands lightly to yours, holding them between the two of you. Her gaze meets your, teary golden eyes searching blue ones. "S-Sabrina," she says. "Y-you'll-"

"*No*, Mami," you say, wrapping your fingers around hers and squeezing. "I'm staying with you because you're a wonderful person, and my *friend*. I'm *not* leaving you."

"O-OK." Mami says. "O-OK. I-I'll t-try to r-r-remb-" she gulps. "S-sorry f-fo-"

"No," you say again, raising one hand to press a finger against her lips. "*No,* Mami. Don't apologize. *I'm* sorry, Mami, for giving you the impression I only cared about you for what you could do."

The flow of corruption from her Soul Gem has slowed to the barest of trickles, and you leave it at that - safe enough for now, you think.

Mami sniffles. "O-OK," she says, a wobbly smile showing through the sheen of tears. "C-could I-I have a moment?"

"Of course," you say. "Take all the time you need."

Mami wipes at her eyes with the back of her hand, trying to compose herself.

"OK," Mami says, voice slightly stronger. "H-Homura?" Her voice cracks a little, but in the silence of the timestop, it's loud enough.

The sound of Homura's heels ringing on the floor precedes her as she walks down the corridor back towards the living room, reentering the room a moment later. Amethyst eyes give you a questioning look, dipping for a moment to you and Mami's joined hands before returning to your face.

"Anyway, Homura, I'm sorry for having to pull you over," you sigh. "But... there's a war in Ishinomaki, Homura."

Her jaw tightens. "I see. The Sendai group? Tachibana, Mori, Minami, Hamasaki, and... Tanaka?"

You recognize a few of those names. "That's them, yeah."

"That will be a large fight," she observes with a heavy frown. She claims a single person sofa, sitting primly on it. "It's not worth getting mixed up in." You can feel Mami twitch slightly, the movement transmitted through your linked hands.

"That... might not be an option," you say unhappily. "I met the Sendai girls when they came by to heal Masami." You see the time traveller's head move slightly at the mention of the name, a tiny flash of recognition, before the rest of the statement fully sinks in for her.

"I see," she says. "You think they'll come to find you?"

"Maybe. I don't know," you admit. "I... asked you here so that I could extend the time for talking to Oriko."

The frown on Homura's face deepens yet again, beginning to resemble a series of World War I trenchworks. "Don't trust her."

Mami's hand tightens on yours.

"I know," you say heavily. "I know. But if there's a war..." You trail off.

"Then we defend our borders," she says, nodding.

"Maybe," you say noncommittally. "I still want to ask Oriko more questions."

Homura nods, and you stand. Mami rises alongside you, still holding your hand tightly. The time traveller reaches into her shield, and pulls out a reel of thread, which she tosses lightly to you. You catch it with a quick, "Thanks."

Following your magical senses, you find Oriko and Kirika sitting before the glass doors, cast open to let the smell of the roses outside permeate the room. You loop the thread around Oriko's wrist, bringing her into the time stop with a gasp and a confused blink before her usual demeanour reasserts itself.

"Ah," she says. "You asked Akemi Homura to come over."

You can feel Mami tense, and you squeeze her hand lightly.

"Yep," you confirm. "I've still got questions, so... grab Kirika?"

The seer nods, and reaches her only hand out, grabbing the berserker's hand. Colour blooms across the black haired girl, and she bolts upright when her surroundings register, staggering slightly when he broken leg hits the floor, but still pulling Oriko protectively behind her as her other fingers hook into claws and *snarling* animalistically at you.

"Kirika, no," Oriko says gently, sliding her single arm around Kirika's waist. "We're just talking."

"Oh. If you say so, Oriko." The berserker instantly deflates, chuckling sheepishly. "Sorry," she offers, glancing at you.

"Right, then..." you say, turning to go. Oriko helps Kirika onto her crutches, and the four of you return to the living room, Oriko sitting on one end of the large sofa with Kirika cuddled into her side, Mami cuddled anxiously into *yours*, and Homura surveying all of you with tired eyes.

Oriko takes her Soul Gem from Kirika, and cups it in her hand, exposed to you for cleansing.

You nod. "OK. Next question. Who's currently involved, and who's working with whom?"

The seer nods, and answers quickly, having expected that question. "There are currently four distinct groups in the fight. Sendai, and Fukushima. The University group, and Ishinomaki. Groups from... Onagawa, and Tokyo, will be joining the main Sendai group, in that order, and Osaki and Tome to the Ishinomaki side."

"Hmm, OK," you nod. "How about powers? What can you see?"

Oriko closes her eyes and frowns, concentrating. Her Soul Gem seethes with a film of corruption that you begin wiping away. "Earthmover, you know about. Telekinetic... *two* of them... no, gravity," she mutters. "A water controller, healer, a technology controller, a teleporter. Lightning... a force fielder..." she winces, and shakes her head.

"OK. How's the combat moving? Where are the combatants going, and at what speed?" you ask.

"Once more, I am not omniscient," Oriko says tartly. "I am unable to pinpoint a location just from seeing parts of the fight. That said, the Ishononaki fight is currently in a lull, the Sendai group are trying to link up with their allies." The seer frowns. "Sendai... the University group has the remaining two of the Sendai group pinned down... near a museum? The Fukushima group will arrive there in time to save them."

"How about Kyouko, and Yuma?" you ask. Mami twitches again at the question - probably uncomfortable territory for her.

"Sakura Kyouko..." Oriko concentrates for a moment, and then shakes her head. "She's staying out of it."

"Good, I think," you say. Mami relaxes fractionally, nodding in agreement with you, seeming unconsciously. "Last question, unless I think of more - what about the nearby nuclear reactors? Will they be affected?" You can feel the weight of Homura's, Oriko's, *and* Mami's puzzled looks at you. Kirika seems completely unconcerned, humming to herself and twining her fingers through Oriko's hair.

"The... nuclear reactors?" Oriko asks. "Do you mean the Fukushima nuclear plant?"

"Those, yes," you nod.

"I don't... see... the relevance?" the seer asked. "The fighting won't go anywhere near that region?"

"No, I mean, with the earthquakes and all..." you explain.

Oriko's head tilts slightly. "With their recent upgrades? No."

"Oh. Well, that's a relief, at least," you mutter. "Anything you'd like to volunteer?"

Oriko grimaces, and shakes her head.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Sorry this is late. Busy day. And I know I've said this before - but again, I might have to cut back on my updating rates for the next few days or so.
