# Apprehension pt. 21

Your mind whirls as you absorb the information, hiding your dismay that *everyone* seems to be advocating staying and holding ground in Mitakihara. A measured nod at Oriko. "Thank you for the information. Two more questions; first, when can we expect the first... casualties?"

"... three days hence," Oriko says.

You close your eyes, and bow your head. "Alright. The fighting's over territory and resources, right? And if *I* make those redundant..." you say. Mami makes a worried little noise, and clutches at you a little tighter. You lay your hand over hers, shooting her a quick smile.

Oriko shrugs. "Are you asking for a prediction, or a guess? The latter would be that they'll fight over *you*. They're not *just* fighting for territory or resources."

"The Sendai Group aren't free of wrongdoing," Homura observes, eyes hooded.

You groan, putting your head in your hands, trying to *think* it through. You want to *stop* the war, but at the same time, you *can't*, and you don't really have anyone to *help* you do it, not even Mami, really - she's only going along because *you* are.

"Alright," you sigh. "Alright. First things first; we should get every Mitakihara magical girl on the same page... Kasamino too." You squeeze Mami's hand, *sorry*. "We can contact them by telepathy?"

Homura nods, reaching for her shield. Kirika spares a glare for her as the time traveller cranks the shield, ending the timestop with the clatter of gears. Colour and sound leach back into the world, the subtle, distant sounds of the city, colours vivid under the bright sunlight shining in through the windows.

Mami takes a deep breath, relaxing fractionally.

You reach out telepathically for the telekinetic and illusionist you'd met recently. "*Masami? Hiroko?*" Out of the corner of your eye, you see Oriko glance sidelong at Homura.

"*Sabrina?*" Hiroko replies first.

"*Good morning,*" you say. "*Is Masami there?*"

"Would you... like some tea?" Oriko offers hesitantly, looking at the time traveller. Homura *twitches*, and shakes her head.

"*Yeah, I'm here,*" the redheaded telekinetic replies, voice tetchy. "*Good morning. Do you need something?*"

"*No, not really,*" you say. "*But... listen. You've heard about the earthquakes in Ishinomaki?*"

"*Yeah,*" Masami says. "*What about them?*"

"*It's a... territory dispute, between several groups of magical girls,*" you tell her, struggling a little with the words. "*The fighting's... going to get worse, and may spill over to Mitakihara. Just... keep an eye out, and stay alert, OK?*"

Silence for a moment. "*Damn,*" Masami grunts. "*Thanks for the heads up.*"

"*Thank you, Sabrina,*" Hiroko echoes. Another moment of silence.

"*You stay safe too, OK?*" Masami sighs, finally.

"*Yeah, thanks,*" you say, and close the connection, looking around. Kirika has moved on from fussing with Oriko's hair to fussing with her dress, while she sips unperturbably at her cup of tea. Mami has similarly claimed a cup, sipping slowly from it to calm her nerves.

Alright. Now for the tricky one. You take a deep breath, and reach out once more. "*Kyouko?*"

It takes a moment before she responds. "*Yeah, what?*"

"*Something urgent's come up; do you know about the earthquakes in Ishinomaki?*" you ask.

"*D'you think I get the *news*? No, I don't*" she snaps back at you. "*But consider me informed. What about 'em?*"

"*It's not an earthquake - it's a big magical girl brawl over territory,*" you say. "*There's apparently twenty odd magical girls mixed up in there.*"

A long moment of silence. "*Lemme guess. You're going off t' fight a war.*"

Well. You can't say you weren't considering it... "*What? Look, I'm just giving you a friendly warning, to look out for them, because it's not a fight that's going to *stay* in Ishinomaki.*"

"*... fine,*" Kyouko grumbles, before reluctantly adding, "*Thanks, I guess.*"

"*You're welcome,*" you say.

"*Bye,*" she grunts, and closes the connection.

Alright, that's everyone done, then. One last call to make... "*Miss Mori?*"

"*Miss Sabrina?*" the healer's telepathic voice is strained. "*Now isn't a good time.*"

Oriko jerks upright on the sofa and looks around wildly, before glaring at you.

"*Yeah, I know about the fight,*" you reply. "*Are you alright?*"

"*No!*" she snaps back. "*I'm currently hiding in some tiny alley with Sakura and trying to link up with Akiko, so that we can get *out* of this damned city!*"

"*Right,*" you reply.

"*Miss Sabrina,*" another telepathic voice joins to conversation. Akiko. "*I hate to be so crass, but is that offer of cleansing still open?*"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

If you're wondering why they don't just teleport, by the way, it's because they're not sure *where* they are relative to each other.
