# Apprehension pt. 22

You debate internally for what feels like forever, going back and forth on demanding more information or not or whether to intervene... but ultimately, you come to a decision. "*It is,*" you reply to Akiko, despite your misgivings.

"*Thank you,*" Akiko says, after a long pause.

"*When you have a moment, I'd quite like to know what happened over there,*" you say.

"*That's fair,*" the bluenette replies.

"*Hold on a moment, by the way,*" you say, and glance at Oriko, meeting her glare. "Oriko, has anything changed about the Sendai group's escape?"

Both Homura and Mami look questioningly at you.

"They're coming *here*," she snaps back at you.

"What did you do?" Homura asks sharply.

"I... just talked to the Sendai girls, asked if they needed help?" you admit.

"They'll be here tomorrow," Oriko grumbles. "*Assuming* you don't do anything *else*."

"*Alright,*" you say to Akiko. "*See you whenever, then.*"

To Rin, you add, "*Hang in there. Your friends will be there soon.*"

"*Thanks?*" she huffs back, voice still strained.

Homura's lips compress into a ruler-straight line, accompanied by a heavy frown. "We need to be ready to defend Mitakihara, then," she grunts. She reaches behind her shield, plucking out a matte Desert Eagle, which she holds in one hand. "Oriko. *When* are they arriving?"

"Tomorrow, early morning," Oriko says, glancing cooly at the time traveller despite the implicit threat and quelling Krika's immediate, defensive bristling with a hand looped around a slim waist.

"Where?" Homura asks.

"By teleportation, to a park near Miss Gaikotsu's apartment. Sabrina knows where it is," Oriko says after concentrating for a moment.

Homura nods.

Mami gives the time traveller a look. "We meet them there?"

"Yes," Homura says simply, a very final tone in her voice.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Cold tea? And yet the tea is still warm in your cup.
