# Apprehension pt. 23

"We're *not* killing anyone if we can help it," you declare, frowning at Homura.

Homura frowns right back.

"Of course not," Mami agrees, smiling at you. "We... you want to help them, right, Sabrina?"

"Yeah," you admit. "I kinda do."

Homura regards you with a heavy frown, lips twisted to the side. "We can't... *afford* to be involved in a war."

You sigh. "Homura, even if I hadn't... ah... meddled, they would have come here, anyway. Right, Oriko?"

The seer nods silently.

Homura glowers at the seer.

"So either we do something now, or we *wait* until a twenty-something magical girl war rolls on to our doorstep," you say. "But... in any case, I don't *want* them to come *here*, either. *That* will drag this city-" and Madoka "-into the war."

A reluctant nod from Homura. "The best would be to intercept them and-" her gaze flicks, lightning quick, to Mami, and then back to you "-drive them away." You don't think Mami noticed the look.

You huff out a sigh. "But I *would* like to help them... No. I want the fighting to *stop*," you mutter, fisting one hand in your lap. Mami squeezes your other hand, looking... awed. Admiringly? Sadly? "And... if we intervene early, maybe we can stop the fighting from escalating too much?" you finish.

Mami speaks up again, still leaning against you. "Maybe... The University Group has been planning this for a while, though. They approached me... last year? So they've been planning on this for a while..."

Homura nods in agreement.

"Hmm..." you say. "We can extract the Sendai group from Ishinomaki, and ask them what's really going on?"

"They don't need to be rescued," Homura points out, tilting her head to indicate Oriko. "Do they." Despite the phrasing, directed at Oriko, it's really not a question.

"They will link up with their allies from Fukushima and teleport here," Oriko says with a shrug. "I *can* see further than that, but I suspect it would be pointless," she adds, glancing sidelong at you.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

All together, now: Her brain damage is acting up again.
