# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 1

"*... Hmm,*" you say to Mami. "*I think we should land, then, and roofhop further in?*"

Mami nods. "*That's a good idea, Sabrina.*"

Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Kirika give Mami a narrow little *look*, and then she looks at you and *grins* sunnily.

...

Right.

You're already descending for a rooftop below, a particularly tall apartment block. "Thank you for flying Mitakihara Meguca Airlines, we hope to see you again soon," you mutter under your breath as you land.

The carpet dissolves under your feet, whirling into a constellation of marbles that whips around you and pours into your sling bag. A handful of marbles remain hovering in a loose cloud around you, ready for defense or attack. You, Mami, and Kirika drop smoothly to your feet on the rooftop, Mami still sticking close by you.

"*OK, Akiko, Rin,*" you send out telepathically, including Mami and Kirika. "*Akiko, we're coming for you first. Where are you... or rather, any landmarks near you?*"

"*There aren't,*" frustration bleeds into Rin's tone. "*If we *had* a good landmark, Sakura can teleport there and we'd be out of here!*"

Akiko pauses for a moment before responding. "*Hiyoriyama park, near the center of the city, it should be quite obvious. It's on a hilltop. We teleported there... I'm somewhere... north of it.*"

"*Good enough,*" you say. "*Rin, how about you?*"

"*Somewhere there,*" she says, voice stressed. "*We're hiding from a bunch of magical girls who attacked us, so pardon me for not keeping track of where I ran!*"

"*On our way, then,*" you reply, looking around at Mami and Kirika, both listening clos-

Well, that'd be a lie. Mami's listening closely, yes, and you catch her eye, giving her a smile which she returns faintly. Kirika... is playing with the little plush bunny that's always hanging off her waist. When she sees you looking, she eeps and hides the plush toy, giving you a sheepish grin.

You shake your head. "Aaaaanyway. Let's go... can't be too hard to find that park, right?"

Mami takes a deep breath. "Yes, let's go end a war," she says, trying for a firm, resolute tone.

"Whoo! Let's go!" Kirika says, and immediately leaps for the next roof with a tremendous cracking noise of shattering concrete underfoot.

You touch Mami lightly on her elbow, and smile at her, trying to put encouragement and gratitude and apology into the simple gesture, before following the berserker. Mami's a step behind.

You spread your senses, magical and mundane alike, as you bound across the roofs, simply observing. This city's different from Mitakihara. Older, not as *shiny* as Mitakihara. Worn. Even the rooftops you and Kirika are leaving cracks in are more weathered, more *tired* than the ones back home, and you fancy that you can smell the sea even from here, a faint tang of salt air.

You have the faintest impression that there should have been tsunami damage, but there's none to be seen - it hasn't come through *yet*, maybe?

The park, indeed, is quite easy to find, a rolling expanse of greenery laid over a small hill. It looks like a nice place, you muse as you veer north of it as Akiko suggested.

One magical presence, on the edge of your senses.

Then two.

Then more.

You suck in a worried breath as you land, taking the landing on your shoulder and bleeding off momentum. Mami halts beside you, her landing far more graceful than yours, and a quick call has Kirika stopping, too. Four magical girls, on the edge of your perception, three in one group, and one alone, bounding along rooftops.

"*Akiko-*"

"*Not now!*" she barks back, cutting you off.

Yeah, that's close enough. "Mami, Kirika, they found Akiko, it looks like. I'm going to try and catch their attention."

Kirika grins.

Mami nods. "Are you sure about this?"

You take a breath.

Point of no return.

You nod, and spread your hands, palms up. A torrent of marbles leaps forth from your bag - closing on two thousand of them that settle into a steady orbit around you. And you let them decompress, expanding into a whorling, eddying cloud of deep purple covering the entire rooftop and then some in a slowly turning hurricane cloud that blots out the sun and stains what little sunlight that gets through purple. Mami's face looks strained, and even Kirika looks a little antsy, fingers curling into claws.

You can feel is Ishinomaki group freeze. The lone presence, the one you're guessing to be Akiko, halts for a moment, before resuming her run, now cutting at an angle towards you.

The Ishinomaki group seems to confer for a moment, and then... there's suddenly a *fourth* presence, beside them, one that bounds towards you while the three resume their chase. The new presence is... weaker. Less *present*.

"*Is that fuckin'*you?" Sakura's telepathic voice.

"*Yeah,*" you reply. "*Pulling them off Akiko.*"

"*What the fuck,*" she says eloquently.

"Mami, Kirika, we have one girl coming in," you warn. "Kirika, hold back for now, your antimagic's our trump card, and we don't want them to know about it too early. Go for the disable."

"Aw," Kirika pouts. "Fine." A pair of wickedly sharp, obsidian black claws form on the back of her hands with a shimmer of light.

Mami nods, pressing her hands together and drawing them apart to reveal a musket between them.

For your part, you funnel the cloud down into your wings, midnight black swathes unfurling from your shoulders. The remainder you draw into smaller, drifting clouds that you leave drifting lazily through the air, loose enough to still be sensed, and you pull a warhammer from behind you.

*Vwwp.*

Your hammer comes up into a guard position, echoed by a click as Mami's rifle snaps up. Kirika *snarls*, bubbly cheeriness evaporating instantly.

Two very familiar presences materialize in front of you, one in a brown jacket, with a katana out, and the other in heavy, deep green robes, jagged daggers in her hands.

"Wait!" you call in alarm at Mami and Kirika. "I know them!"

"And *you* are fuckin' nuts," Sakura snaps at you. Rin wobbles faintly as Sakura releases her shoulder, while Mami and Kirika relax slightly.

You'd snap back, but that *other* girl's still approaching, fast. "Later," you tell her. "Incoming, there." You point.

Sakura nods, her anger fading into a grimace.

The new girl crests the neighbouring building, frilly yellow dress flaring out around her as she leaps. You see shock cross the girl's face.

You all tense again - with five puella magi here, this shouldn't be an issue.

*Vwwp.*

You *hear* the crack of shattering bone when Sakura appears behind the girl midair, and slams an overhead, axing kick into the girl's back.

The two begin to fall, and Sakura *distorts* again, disappearing.

*Vwwp.*

"What the *FUCK!*" It's your turn to round on Sakura, swearing, while Mami flinches, shock crossing *her* face at the sudden demise of the girl in yellow.

"She's a cloner," Sakura answers evenly.

In the distance, you can feel the three Ishinomaki girls halt midstep, conferring, before bounding off in another direction, away from you and Akiko both.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Here begins chapter 7: "We've Got Hostiles". I didn't do the chapter ending previous post, because, well, that would be telling!
