# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 2

You snort, still glaring at the teleporter. "Fine. I'll let that one go, but from now on, *no more of that bullshit*. I'm here to *stop* a war, not leave a *body trail*. No killing. No severe injuries, unless we absolutely have to. Got it?"

The brunette stares at you. "The *fuck*? That was a bloody *clone*! I've popped, like three today!" she pauses for a moment, and amends with a smirk, "Four. And I thought *you* were bloody here to hel-" her eyes dart sideways to Rin, before she seems to think better of what she wanted to say.

You snort. "I'm here to stop a war," you repeat. "Anyway, hold that thought," you point past her, at the rooftop behind where you can sense Akiko closing on you.

The bluenette crests a nearby roof, dressed in what you will presume is her puella magi costume - a white jacket trimmed out in sky blue of a similar cut to Sakura's, albeit one suited to her more generous figure, over a short skirt in similar colours.

Akiko lands smoothly on the roof, giving the three of you a polite nod. "Miss Sabrina. Miss Tomoe. Miss...?"

"Kirika! Kure Kirika!" the black haired girl says brightly.

"Miss Kure," Akiko nods. "Thank you for the rescue. Might I ask what prompted this?"

"Not here. The Ishinomaki girls are..." you frown. They've left your range. "Running," you say lamely. "Sakura, can you teleport us out of here?"

Akiko holds up a hand, cutting off Sakura's instinctive denial. "Sakura, I think Miss Sabrina has the right idea. We should continue our discussions somewhere safe. Bring us to... Mitakihara?" The bluenette glances at you with a raised, eyebrow.

You shake your head. "No. I don't want Mitakihara in the line of fire."

Another delicate, deep blue eyebrow joins the first. Nevertheless, Akiko nods. "Somewhere... safer, then. Sakura?"

"Fine. Grab on," Sakura grunts, holding her arms out to you. "And don't fuckin' interrupt me when I'm charging." You nod, folding your Grief Wings down into marbles and packing away the loose ones. The five of you - yourself, Mami, Kirika, Akiko, and Rin, alternately grab onto Sakura.

Sakura closes her eyes, and concentrates. A gentle radiance ripples out from her Soul Gem to emcompass all of you, and then a moment later, you are-

*Vwwp.*

-*elsewhere*. Another rooftop, and a different skyline - Ishinomaki proper barely a grey blot in the distance. Sakura roughly shakes off your grips, fumbling in her pocket and withdrawing a Grief Seed even as she leans over, supporting herself with her free hand on her knees. Her breath comes in harsh gasps.

"I could-" you begin to offer, hand reaching towards her Soul Gem.

"Bugger off," the brunette says succinctly, pressing the Grief Seed to her Soul Gem.

Mami, standing beside you, frowns at the teleporter, folding her arms.

You fold your own arms. "Alright. So what the hell is *actually* going on? You girls went to Ishinomaki, and the next thing I hear, there's a *war* going on. What were the three of you *doing* in Ishinomaki?"

Akiko gives you an evaluating look. "Negotiations, and healing."

You narrow your eyes. "Then how did this *start*? Why were those girls after you?"

The bluenette shrugs. "They hold an... old grudge. I suspect that they orchestrated this entire thing."

"A grudge," you say skeptically, idly noting that she seems to be pinning the blame on Ishinomaki, rather than the University group.

"Yes, a fuckin' grudge," Sakura snaps at you. Rin, standing beside her, puts a calming hand on her shoulder, which Sakura shakes off with in an angry motion.

Kirika flexes her hands lightly, eyeing the teleporter warily, while Mami gives Akiko and Sakura both an equally unimpressed look. Rin... shrinks a little, eyes darting between all of you nervously.

Akiko closes her eyes, tilting her head back up at the sky. "We attempted to... aggressively acquire their territory, once."

"You tried to steal their city," you say flatly.

"Yes," Akiko admits.

"Hm," you say, glancing at Mami, who now sports a worried frown creasing her brow. "Leaving that aside... The University and Fukushima groups? Why are *they* involved?"

Akiko's eyebrows shoot up. "You are *remarkably* well informed."

"Not an answer," you tell her, feeling a moment of deja vu.

"I suspect the University group was convinced to do this by the Ishinomaki Group," she says. "And I called in a favour with the Fukushima group to help when it became clear that we were outnumbered."

"Alright," you continue. "What can you tell me about the University group? Leader, capabilities, that kind of thing?"

Akiko frowns. "There are four of them. Umeko Yuko, Tsubaki Chouko, Suzuki Rei and... Suzuki Haruna?"

"Haru," Rin supplies, looking up.

"Suzuki Haru," Akiko finishes.

"*Four* of them?" Mami asks. "Weren't there six of them?"

"One of them left," Akiko says. "The last one... died." She grimaces, looking away.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Remember, keep it civil!
