# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 3

"*I'll be asking more about that later. But not in present company,*" you send to Akiko telepathically. Her expression shifts, subtly. Out loud, you ask, "So, what happened specifically? Rin-" bottle green eyes flick over to you "-was on her healing circuit? You were conducting negotiations for...?"

"I was there t-to heal another independent," Rin offers. "Kato Setsuko."

Akiko tilts her head to indicate agreement. "I don't know how much you've heard, Miss Sabrina, but Ishinomaki and us have... not been on the best of terms, in recent years."

"I heard about it," Mami says, voice forbidding. With her arms still folded, she directs a disapproving, regal frown upon Akiko, looking down upon her despite their nearly equal heights. "You've been fighting back and forth for... two years?"

Akiko's face tightens. "We have, yes."

Sakura's scowl deepens, too, and her grip tightens on her katana as she stares down Kirika. The black haired girl gives as good as she gets, an unblinking, citrine orange glare and a feral smirk displaying far too many teeth.

"So how does a negotiation and a healing turn into a fight?" you press.

"They claimed to be suing for a truce, but attacked me when I got there," Akiko says, as if it's the most obvious thing in the world, her lips curling into a scowl. "During the negotiations... which were presumably a feint."

"You went to them *alone*?" you ask, disbelief colouring your tone.

"I'm still here," the bluenette says, waving at herself. Utterly confident of herself... or at least pretending to be.

You snort. "Right. So. How many groups are involved, that you know of?"

Akiko frowns, looking away, and then back at you. "Ourselves, the University Group, Ishinomaki, Fukushima... and Mitakihara." She nods, seemingly to herself, and then looks at you again. "I've answered your questions, Miss Sabrina. Answer two of mine: What do *you* mean, that you want to stop a war? Why are *you* here?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Turnabout.
