# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 4

You, glance away, looking over the very distant skyline of Ishinomaki, briefly debating revealing the source of *your* certainty, before deciding against it. Oriko probably wouldn't appreciate it, anyway.

Instead, you look back at the bluenette, arms still folded. "Do you *really* have to ask? This *little*-" you inject as much sarcasm into the word as you can "-has the potential to escalate to entire *cities*. Do you know you made the *news* last night, because *someone's* been throwing around earth magic?"

Akiko's mouth twitches to the side. "That's hardly *my-*"

"To answer your question," you cut her off with a sharp wave of your hand and raised voice, "We want to nip this in the bud before *people*, girls like *us*, and normals, get killed. *We-*" your wave includes Mami and Kirika, "are here to keep things from going to *hell*." Mami nods firmly, backing you up.

The bluenette raises an eyebrow. "In this to save lives, then?"

Rin's head twitches, looking at you, then at Akiko.

You shrug. "Yes. And I don't particularly like the idea of magical World War 2. Or 1. We *especially* don't like it when *our* city could get dragged into the shitstorm."

"It's not the first time we've... skirmished," Akiko says, with a dismissive wave of her hand, before softening it with a smile. "You're new, so... trust me when I say it's nothing so dramatic as a magical World War." She pauses. "I'm *grateful* - we all are, *right, Sakura?*- for your intervention, but it wasn't necessary," she adds in clarification. Rin nods fervently, while Sakura just grimaces, breaking the staring contest with Kirika and nodding.

"I'm sure Miss Tomoe can attest to that," Akiko continues, glancing at Mami.

Mami simply blinks lazily, half lidded gaze placid.

"Well..." Akiko says, seemingly slightly put off. "As I said, we *are* grateful for the save. If there's nothing else... I would like to take you up on the offer for... refreshing our Grief Seeds?" She glances aside at Sakura, and then back at you.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Hmmm.
