# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 5

"I'm aware that you've fought with Ishinomaki before, but honestly?" you shake your head. "This one's different. When I called this magical World War? I wasn't exaggerating that much. The University group's been in contact with one of the Tokyo groups... and they've been hunting for allies from other local groups since at least the previous year."

Mami shifts her weight slightly in response, but her face remains serene, her arms crossed as she stands at your shoulder.

A flash of... *something* flits across Akiko's face. Interest, maybe, or *satisfaction*. "That's... certainly interesting," she allows. ""

"In fact," you add, "*I* was under the impression that the University group are the... masterminds behind this entire affair."

Akiko shrugs, her expression tightening almost imperceptibly. "That's entirely possible," she says, inclining her head in acknowledgement. "I'm just guessing that it was Ishinomaki, in any case. Which means, either way, that I have some pointed questions to ask the University Group."

You almost grind your teeth in frustration. She's not *listening*. Or maybe she *is*, but just to stubborn to change.

"In any case, I *am* grateful for your help and information, and if we may impose on you a little more..." the bluenette says leadingly.

"Yes," you say. "I said I'd do it, so I will. But if you keep fighting when you don't have to, don't expect me to stick my neck out for you."

Akiko smiles, and dips her head in agreement. "Girls?" She withdraws a single, partially used Grief Seed from her pocket, as done Rin - one that you vaguely recognize in your Grief senses as the one you'd recycled earlier as a demonstration for Akiko.

You look at Sakura, who stares defiantly back at you, until Akiko pointedly clears her throat. Sakura mutters something darkly, and reluctantly pulls out three Grief Seeds, each seething with Grief.

With a careless wave of your hands, you have the Grief contained within the Seeds rippling free. You're careful to merely reduce the Seeds to a 'fresh' level, and not an iota beyond that - you *still* have no idea what's up with Hildegarde.

Sakura scowls at you, expression shifting between slight queasiness and raw dislike. Rin, on the other hand, gives you a quick smile, before it's subsumed back into the worried frown that she's been wearing the entire time.

"Thank you, Miss Sabrina," Akiko nods, looking at the renewed Grief Seed in her hand, before slipping it into her pocket. "And of course. You've already done alot, and we couldn't expect you to do anything more than what you've already done. In fact, I would say we owe you a favour for your help, even if it's freely given."

Sakura surprises you, speaking up. "We will... respect your request and... stay out of Mitakihara," she says, adopting formal tones distinctly at odds with her usual, crude modes of speech. The brunette glares defiantly at Akiko, *daring* her to contradict the statement.

Akiko frowns at her, eyes conveying a wordless 'we'll talk later' to the girl, before looking at you. "I... agree. We will stay out of Mitakihara, if we can."

Mami begins to nod slowly, before glancing quickly at you.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

The University group is referred to as the University group because they're based around the Tohoku University (which is in Sendai), whereas Tohoku is the *entire* region.
