# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 6

You glance at Sakura, the small motion enough to catch her eye. She meets your gaze, and scowls back at you. You smile, and give her a little nod of acknowledgement. The scowl deepens further, and she breaks the eye contact, gaze flickering to Rin, and then to Akiko.

Out of the corner of your eyes, you can see Rin fidget slightly, before folding her hands into the opposite sleeves of her voluminous over robe. Mami looks placidly unruffled, half smile on her face as she watches, content to defer to you, while Kirika, deprived of her staring partner is bouncing happily on her feet and staring off into the sky.

Finally, you return your regard back to Akiko.

"'If we can'?" you ask, airquoting the phrase before folding your arms again. "I'm sorry, but that *isn't good enough*. You *will* stay out of Mitakihara until the war is over. We can meet you somewhere *else* if we have to."

Akiko's eyes narrow. "Understandable," she says slowly. "Is there anything else?"

You nod. "Yes. You know full well that any escalation is risky," you say. "I'm not calling this in as a *favour*, but I'd... *appreciate* it if you were to hold back for some time. It's as much in your best interests to do so, anyway."

A touch of anger enters the bluenette's eyes. "Two of my girls are still under attack, and they might not need my help, but you want me to *hold back?*" she asks.

"No," you reply. "That's not what I mean, and you know it. But I *am* going to go and talk to the other side and end this. If they're reasonable, and they back down? I'm offering my services to them, too."

Akiko flinches minutely, the motion suppressed almost before it begins. "That is... less then well advised," she says carefully. "I understand that you want to-"

"*I*," you raise your voice to cut over hers. "Would like to try to be fair to everyone involved. It makes things easier to deescalate, in the longer run. But *that* is an ideal, and I'm very aware that ideals don't always translate into practical choices."

"Admirable," Akiko says, voice dry. "But-"

"I said that I wanted to end a war," you continue, ignoring her interruption. "And I meant it. I want to help everyone to end this war. And, Akiko-" you give her a flat, unamused look, holding her gaze with your own. "-I *do* mean *everyone*. I think it'll be... *better* that way."

Akiko opens her mouth, and then shuts it again, a displeased frown warring with stark amusement. Finally, her expression twists into a jagged, half-hearted smile. "I wish you the best of luck. Sakura, Rin?"

You look at the two Sendai girls as they move over to their leader. Rin gives you a worried smile, and wishes you a quiet, "Good luck," before visibly forcing an emotionless mask onto her face and grabbing Sakura's proffered hand.

Sakura... scowls at you, gripping Rin's hand on her left and Akiko's on her right. She frowns, focusing again, and you can feel the magic build up for another long teleport.

---

- [ ] Interrupt them
- [ ] Let them go
- [ ] Talk to...
- [ ] Mami (about?)
- [ ] Kirika (about?)
- [ ] Where to?

---

Bleh. Updates are going to be slow for the next two weeks or so, by the looks of it.
