# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 7

You have a split second to consider what to *do* next. But... Your lips flatten into a frustrated line as you watch Sakura focus on her teleportation. She's already started powering up, and... you *could* interrupt it, but it's not worth it. You could call for Homura's help... but it's not worth it, either.

So much for *that* line of inquiry, as it were... but they're not the only lead in you have. Not at this point, anyway.

Still, you don't want to simply let them go like this.

You send a quick telepathic message to Rin. "*Hey. If things get out of hand, or if you need my assistance, just ask, OK?*"

There's just enough time for her eyes to widen as she receives the message before Sakura's teleportation snatches the Sendai trio away, their bodies *distorting* into the distance.

Mami relaxes the moment they disappear, tension easing out of your shoulders. When you look at her, she smiles tentatively, and opens her arms in a silent offer of a hug. You accept it gladly, stepping into the hug, and wrapping your arms around her. In your Grief senses, you feel Kirika meander off to the other end of the roof.

"Why won't they *listen*," you mumble plaintively.

Mami sighs, warm breath puffing out strands of your hair.

"Oh, Sabrina..." she says quietly. "Sometimes... sometimes, people... make up their minds to do something, and they won't... listen to reason."

You sigh wearily. "It doesn't make it easier."

"No, it doesn't," Mami says. "But... I... I think you're doing something great, Sabrina. For... for what it's worth."

"It's worth a *lot*, Mami," you say, hugging her a little tighter.

She holds the hug for a while longer, then steps back, trailing her hands down your arms to grab *your* hands, and giving them a comforting squeeze. She's trying to be strong for *you*. "What's next, Sabrina?"

You give her a grateful smile, returning the squeeze. "I... was thinking we should check in with Oriko, and see what's changed?"

Mami nods. "OK," she says, gazing steadily at you.

"*Oriko*," you reach out telepathically for the seer.

"*What,*" she says, mental voice sharp and irritated.

"*Are you doing OK, there?*" you ask, a hint of genuine concern entering your voice. You... don't exactly *like* her, even if she *is* adorable with Kirika and all, but still, if what you're doing is causing her debilitating headaches and Grief accumulation... "*I know I've been changing a lot of things.*"

Speaking of Kirika, she's... lurking at the landing of the stairwell heading down from the roof, one citrine eye and half a grin peeking around the corner at you. She notices you looking, and the grin widens, the one visible eyebrow wagging up and down.

Mami twists, trying to see where you're looking, and promptly blushes, stepping back from you.

She keeps a hold on one of your hands, though.

Kirika looks disappointed.

"*Yes, you have,*" Oriko snaps back at you. "*Ask your questions so I can go to sleep.*"

... right.

"*The University group?*" you ask, deciding to include Mami in the call. She gives you a little smile in response.

"*Fleeing the city in... seven hours,*" she replies. She pauses, and pre-empts your next question. "*They make it out alive, but injured.*"

"*And after that?*" you ask. Mami tugs lightly at your hand, and you let her lead you over to the side of the roof, an area that happens to be out of sight of . She inspects the raised edge of the roof, and then sits down, patting the space beside her invitingly, while looking up at you. You return Mami's smile, and sit beside her.

"*They are... joined by the Osaki group,*" Oriko replies, after another long pause.

"*Hmm,*" you reply. "*Thanks. Hey, if you need more Grief Seeds, you can ask Homura, OK? You can link me up if she doesn't want to.*"

"*Noted,*" Oriko grunts. "*Is there anything else?*"

"*Actually, yeah,*" you say. "*What can you tell me-*"

"*-about the Osaki group,*" Oriko completes the sentence, biting off the words. "*Three of them coming over, an empath, a healer, a... it's hard to describe. She can make things... hit extra hard. Nothing else, right.*" Despite the phrasing, it's really not a question.

"*No,*" you say. "*Have a nice nap, I guess.*"

No response, as Oriko immediately shuts off the connection. She'll probably be even tetchier if you wake her up, but it's not like you can't do that if you need to - goodness knows you've woken up Sayaka often enough.

Mami giggles a little. "*Someone's* grouchy," she says lightly.

"Yeah... I give her migraines, apparently," you say.

"I'm sure I have no idea why," Mami says.

You giggle in response. You can... pretend, for a moment, that the spectre of war *isn't* constantly looming over your head. "So, anyway," you say. "If... if we run into members of groups you know\... would you like to handle the introductions?"

Mami brightens. "That's a good idea," she says. "I have a... reputation. Maybe it'll help?" She looks sheepish, and a little shy at the revelation. Not terribly used to outright *bragging*, even if it's true.

"Then it's settled," you smile.

"Are we going to Sendai?" Mami asks curiously. "Hmm... The girls from Ishinomaki... probably know *of* me, too," she adds, ducking her head with another sheepish smile.

---

- [ ] To Sendai
- [ ] To Ishinomaki
- [ ] Proceed with plan
- [ ] Write-in

---

Mmm.
