# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 8

"Back to Ishinomaki, I guess," you sigh, considering, and discarding, the possibility of heading over to Sendai. They... have a while, you hope, and... well, they're not dead by the end of that time. You'll take what you can get.

Mami glances over at the gleaming steel and glass monoliths of Ishinomaki in the distance. "OK," she says. "Are you sure? They saw us... with the Sendai group, after all..."

"Hmm..." you say, absently tucking your hair behind your ear as you think. "Not entirely, but we have to try. If not, this war will just keep building up..."

"Alright," Mami says, gazing steadily at you. "If you think we need to."

You raise your voice. "Kirika?"

The black haired girl bounces out from the stairwell, grinning brightly at you. "Here!"

"OK, so," you say, addressing both Kirika and Mami. "We're going back to Ishinomaki, to see if we can't talk the girls there down."

"Got it," Kirika says, as she meanders over to join you at the edge of the roof, sitting beside you... in the other direction, fearlessly kicking her feet out over the ten storey drop below.

"Hm... Mami, could you make a truce flag or something?" you ask.

"Of course," she nods, holding out one hand. You watch in fascination as a mass of ribbons bloom into existence, twirling themselves around an invisible rod before solidifying into a solid, meter long pole. More ribbons weave themselves together, unfurling into a golden flag.

Mami frowns for a moment, and the flag changes colour to a pure, shimmering white.

She holds it up for your inspection with an uncertain smile. The flag waves gently on an unfelt wind, in defiance of the dead, still air around you - animated by magic. Heh.

"Perfect," you smile back at her, and in return, the smile on Mami's face blossoms into something more natural.

"OK, so," you say, twisting to look at Kirika, making sure she's paying attention. She schools her face into impassive attention, as if to say, 'see, I can be serious too,' before letting it dissolve into a fanged grin. You continue. "We need to try and avoid hostilities... I want to *talk* to them."

"Gotcha," Kirika agrees.

"OK," Mami says.

"Then I guess we're going, then," you say, standing and offering a hand to Mami. She accepts it with a smile, and you pull her up. Kirika twists away from the edge of the roof, and bounces lightly to her feet

A gesture with your free hand has marbles leaping from your bag by the dozens to build themselves into a carpet.

The three of you board, and set off to Ishinomaki proper, the wind rushing through your hair. Mami at your side, Kirika behind you...

"*How are you feeling?*" Mami asks you.

"*OK, I guess. Annoyed and frustrated, still thinking about what to do next... how to handle the Ishinomaki girls,*" you respond.

Mami sighs, the sound lost over the rushing wind, but you can feel it in the rise and fall of her shoulder against yours. "*I'm sure you'll figure something out,*" she says reassuringly. "*I mean, you helped Masami, right? And you made Homura... human.*"

"*Yeah,*" you agree. You can't point out that you had the benefit of... *knowing* Homura, and being uniquely positioned to *help* her.

"*You helped*me," Mami says, looking at you.

"*... thanks, Mami,*" you say.

It doesn't take you too long to reach Ishinomaki proper, coming up to that park on a hill again. Under the afternoon sun, the tang of salt is heavy in the air, as you bank, and begin to look for the local magical girls, settling into a smooth, steady spiral outwards. You take no particular pains to hide your presence, cruising steadily along.

Four... five presences, on the very edges of your senses.

"*Found 'em,*" you say announce to Mami and Kirika, pointing. They're out of sight, in the dense concrete and steel and glass jungle of the city, but you're rapidly gaining height.

Mami nods, and stands. She raises the flag from its position leaning against her shoulder, and begins to wave it overhead in grand, sweeping gestures, the swathe of shimmering white unmistakeable in the air. Kirika also bounces to her feet, a wide, fanged grin on her face, claws already summoned to her hands.

Feeling a little silly at being the only one sitting, you stand alongside them, schooling your face into an impassive mask as you round the last building.

Your *first* warning is the buildup of magic in one of the girls.

The second is the greasy, *slick* feeling of your hair rising.

"*They-*" you begin to warn. Kirika and Mami are already moving.

*Thunder*.

A blazing strobe of light burns a white bar into your eyesight, an enormous spot of blues and greens and painful red seared into your retinas. Your eyes tear up instinctively - but you don't *have* to.

You force the tears back. You force your eyes to work. You spread your senses wide, and find Kirika crouched in front, ebullient grin gone and black claws crossed in front of her. Buzzing sparks crawl over her claws where she intercepted the lightning, crackling streamers that spit and arc across the jagged implements.

Mami stands proud beside her, flag still in one hand, while ribbons flow from her other hand, forming a loose, protective wall.

You halt the carpet, in view of the five forms on the distant rooftop.

You can feel another burst of magic building up.

Five becomes six, then seven. Three of the forms on the roof break left, leaving four behind.

This time, you're ready for it. A sweep of your hands has marbles cascading out of your bag to coalesce into an enormous barrier of Grief, a deep purple shield hovering in front of you. Mami's ribbons ripple forward, while Kirika tenses to take the blow, baring her teeth.

The titanic lightning bolt *splashes* against your shield, thunder booming again. Fat, vicious sparks snap and strike across the shield as you tear it apart again into a cloud of Grief that you leave hazing the air between you and the Ishinomaki girls.

Three magical girls - two clones, one real, on the building to your left.

All three leap at you.

"Left!" you bark, bringing your Grief cloud around - Kirika and Mami are already reacting. The berserker leaps, shaking the carpet with the force of her jump. Golden ribbons blossom, streaking viper fast across the distance to snatch at the incoming magical girls - two in familiar, frilly yellow dresses, short swords in their hands, and one more in garishly ornate, bright purple armour.

Kirika slams into the girl in purple, the two of them spinning and crashing back to the roof, tumbling and rolling across the rooftop.

Mami's ribbons spin into cocoons around the two clones - which promptly vanish, reappearing next to their creator, still on the distant roof.

There's a sharp snapping noise, and Kirika is hurled *back* from the girl in purple with a cry, tumbling back nearly to the edge of the roof. The girl in purple drops into a crouch, heavy gauntlets visibly glowing. Kirika rolls to her feet, claws extended as she squares off with the girl.

You can feel the Ishinomaki girls splitting up to surround you.

---

- [ ] Try to subdue them all
- [ ] Fight them
- [ ] Convince them to stand down
  - [ ] How?
- [ ] Write-in

---

Yeah, if anyone's wondering, my exams are coming up. What writing I'm doing is in between studying.
