# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 10

"Hoshiko being Purple?" you ask, tilting your head at the girl trembling in her bonds.

"*Yes!*" Silver-and-Blue, the geokinetic, snaps, teeth gritted as she glares at you.

You shrug. Hoshiko's stares pleadingly at you, shaking in the bindings. You grimace, and a careless wave of your hands dissolves the manacles and drops her to her feet, where she hunches over, hugging herself tightly.

"... thank you," Silver-and-green says, surprise and relief mixing in her tone. Silver-and-blue, the geokinetic -some familial resemblance there?- relaxes noticeably, some tension bleeding out of her body.

"I *am* here to talk, events notwithstanding," you say evenly. Another casual sweep of your hands wipes the Grief from your own, Mami's, and Kirika's Gems in an equally casual display of your power that had loose Grief billowing into the air to join the diffuse cloud already occluding the sun. The light filtering through casts the scene in an eerie, dappled purple.

It's not a display that goes unnoticed, either. You observe their reactions, and their levels of corruption, with your mundane and your extraordinary senses. Silver-and-green girl looks, first at you, then at Miss Sparky. Their eyes flick to the Grief Seeds, still orbiting like distant stars in a nebula of Grief, and then lock on each other's again. Miss Earthbender's eyes go wide, and her gaze darts between the Grief leaving the Gems, and the masses drifting lazily in the air.

Clone-girl doesn't seem to be paying you much mind; her attention still fixed on Kirika. The black haired girl's backed off a little, but is still poised to leap, muscles tightly strung in readiness.

Purple-girl looks up from her little huddle, her face twisting into confusion as she sees the last of the Grief leaving your Gem, before the thought fully percolates through her brain, and she, too, stares in shock.

Mami just gives you a warm smile, while Kirika opts to keep a wary eye on the clone-girl.

"Right," you say, folding your arms behind you. Now that you've given a very *stark* demonstration of what you can do... "I'm actually willing to let you *all* down. So long as you don't run away. And stop attacking us, of course."

Another lightning fast exchange of puzzled looks and mental communication.

"That would be good...?" Silver-and-green says.

"*Do* you agree to hear us out?" you reply evenly.

"Yes," she answers.

"OK then," you say simply, and release them from their bonds. Their Grief Seeds pull out of their orbits as you replace the bits of Grief you tore free, hanging motionless in front of their owners. Kirika, taking the hint, backs up to stand beside you, on the opposite from Mami.

The Ishinomaki girls look at once uncomfortable, baffled, and vaguely apprehensive. Hesitantly, looking at it as if it's going to bite her, Silver-and-Green reaches out to pluck one of the Grief Seeds hovering in the air in front of her. You let it drop into her hand at the gentle tug, and she flinches, almost dropping it.

"So," you say. "This is Tomoe Mami-" something that might be recognition of that name flits across Yuuki's face, "-and Kure Kirika. I'm Sabrina... just Sabrina. We're here from Mitakihara." You gesture at Mami and Kirika in turn as you speak, and Mami nods regally, while Kirika shakes her head in a sharp jerk as if she's trying to chase off an irritating fly.

Silver-and-Green nods slowly, carefully pocketing the Grief Seed. "Uh. This is Koizumi Aki-" she waves at the cloner-girl, in her yellow, aggressively frilly dress. Tired, yellowish-brown eyes, shaded by a heavy frown, regard you.

"-Sato Kimiko-" A gesture at the lightning thrower, in her ruffled dress of lavender purple and white and pink, similar to the lighting she throws. Pink eyes look warily at you.

"-Tsukada Hoshiko-" The girl in her ornate plate armour of bright, vivid purple, trimmed out in a lighter, silvery metal in elaborate filigree. Unreasonably sized pauldrons cap her shoulders, and her heavy plate gauntlets hang loosely at her side, fingers still trembling slightly.

"-Inoue Yuuna-" Here, Silver-and-Green hesitates slightly as she waves at the girl in silver and *blue*. There's *definitely* some familial resemblance there, you note. Something about their cheekbones, the shape around their eyes... Even their costumes have... remarkably *similar* patterns of light, carapace-like armour over an underlayer, blue in her case.

"-and I am Inoue Yuuki," she finishes.

Mami inclines her head regally. "Nice to meet you," she says, tone imperious. You nod your agreement.

"So, then," you say. "Will you hear us out now?"

Confusion crosses their faces again, and Miss Silver-and-Green -Yuuki- speaks up. "I suppose so...?"

"Good." You nod sharply. "Then, quite simply. We're here to *talk*. Not here to fight, for Sendai, Ishinomaki, or even for Mitakihara per se. We want an end to the hostilies. On *both* sides."

You raise a finger. "As a gesture of good faith, I'm willing to refresh your Grief Seeds. As I demonstrated, I'm perfectly capable of doing that."

Some days, you wish that the weather would *cooperate* for once. A roll of thunder or a gust of wind to set your coat billowing dramatically would be *awfully welcome.* You don't even wear glasses that can catch the light to become shiny and intimidating, dammit.

Yuuki frowns. "You... *do* know why we're fighting, right?"

"Not completely," you say, cocking your head to the side, and favouring the Ishinomaki group with a raised eyebrow. "I would quite like to get your side of the story. I've heard Sendai's, of course."

Yuuki glances at Yuuka, and then back at you. "What's to tell? Chouko... ah... Tsubaki Chouko, from the University group comes and asks if we want to help put down the Sendai group. We agreed, of course, so we drop an ambush on Hamasaki-" the lines around her eyes tighten on the mention of the name "-when she came by."

"She claims she was here to broker a truce," you observe.

She rolls her eyes. "You believe that? You've *met* her, haven't you?"

On the fringes of your senses, you can feel another two magical presences moving in by roofhopping. They're moving slowly, warily, but indisputably heading in towards you.

---

- [ ] Ask about the two
- [ ] Press about Akiko
  - [ ] Tone?
  - [ ] Goal?
- [ ] Ask Mami to step in
- [ ] Write-in

---

Random fact of the day: Electrical discharge in air tends to be purple and white with hints of pink, not yellow. For example [one](http://i.imgur.com/FzDhFH9.jpg) a long discharge from a tesla coil. Not one of mine.
