# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 11

You frown. Two more puella magi, not exactly sneaking along the edges of your perception... But yes, definitely heading in towards you. Independents, maybe, or another two of the Ishinomaki group? You decide to ask; better not to assume.

"Not to change the topic, but there's two more magical girls approaching us," you note, eyeing Yuuki warily. "Anyone you know?"

Surprise flickers across the girl's face, chased by minor shame. "Um... yes."

"Yours?" you ask.

"Yes," she says.

You raise an eyebrow at that. Probably setting up a contingency, just in case? Not... unreasonable, you guess. You wave your hands airily. "Eh... ask them to join us, then? I'm here for a discussion, not a fight."

Yuuki nods relucantly. "Very well."

The two presences jerk, and then begin moving more normally - well, normally for a puella magi, anyway.

As you wait, you note Kimiko nudging Hoshiko, murmuring quietly to her. Hoshiko nods jerkily, and gropes around in her armour before locating a Grief Seed and pressing it to her Soul Gem, siphoning off the accumulated patina of Grief.

The last two members soon arrive, bounding over the rooftops to join the group already here - one in a dress absolutely festooned with ribbons, with a long, orange braid of hair flapping after her.

The other's in a far more sedate costume of blacks and greys, one vaguely similar to Kyouko's - predominantly white, trimmed out with in black, and open in the front to reveal a white shirt and skirt combination, and a grey scarf wound around her neck. A large round hat, with a small ribbon sticking out of it, sits atop a neat bob of black hair.

You let the cloud of Grief drift free of their path of approach, and they do so, eyeing it warily. The one in black seems to recognize Mami, eyes widening in surprise. Mami's gaze similarly shifts over, and surprise mirrors itself on *her* face, too, before it shifts through regret to settle on a harder, wary look.

... with ten people, seven of whom are more than a little uneasy, on this rooftop, it's beginning to feel a little crowded.

Yuuki glances at you. "This is Ueda Miyako, and Kagome Ayaka," she says. "Miyako, Ayaka, this is Miss Sabrina, Tomoe Mami, and Kure Kirika. They're, ah, here from Mitakihara."

"Hello," you nod at the newcomers. Mami edges closer to you, chin tilting up as she focuses on Miss Ribbons, Miyako. Her hand touches lightly against your elbow. You can *feel* Ayaka's eyes lingering on that.

"So," you say. "What exactly *has* Hamasaki done?"

"You don't know?" Yuuki asks in faint disbelief.

"I'm just trying to get a fuller story," you say. You cup both hands and hold them up, weighing one against the other, before spreading your hands demonstratively. "I've got *one* side of the story. I'd like to know the others."

"That's... fair," Yuuki allows, brow still knotted.

"So..." you say leadingly.

"Let me think," she says, scowling. After a moment's thought, she starts, "OK, look, this goes back... two years ago?" she glances questioningly at the cloner, Aki, who shrugs back at her. "Or... Aki. Why don't you or Kimiko tell the story? Or Ayaka? You were there."

Aki grimaces, but nods, and steps forward. "Somewhere around there, I guess. So there's this big fight or something, I don't know, in the Sendai girls. Whatever. Result is, one of them dies or something, and another one, Kato, I think her name was, leaves them." Her voice is a little raspy.

"Ah!" Mami says. "Kato Setsuko?"

Aki shrugs indifferently. "Sounds about correct. And yeah, she probably passed through Mitakihara?" At Mami's nod, she continues. "She passes through Ishinomaki, too," she says, waving to emcompass the city. "We... well, I think we were nice to her. There were four of us, back then."

"Five," Ayaka corrects the cloner.

"Whatever. Point is, we asked if she wanted to stay. She didn't, we let her hunt a Witch, and pass through," Aki says.

"Right..." you nod.

"Thing is, a month later, Hamasaki and her cronies come screaming at us about her," Aki says. "Said we killed her, and they tried to kill us." Her face flattens into blankness. Similar expressions, blank looks and grimaces, echo across Kimiko and Ayaka's faces. "We win."

"I see," you say.

"We... *were* willing to let... bygones be bygones," Aki says. "But... eh." She shrugs again, and makes a 'what can you do' gesture.

"And so an 'of course' for starting a turf war?" you ask.

"It's not a turf war," Yuuki corrects. "Or... I guess it is for the University group. Like, the Sendai girls? They're don't exactly go easy on them," Yuuki says. "They're... 'allowed' to exist in Sendai, right?" The girl's tone makes it very clear precisely what she means. "For a 'rental fee', the way I hear it. So the University Group have been trying to get out from under them for a while." Lightly armoured shoulders rise and fall in a shrug. "So they look for help, and got it."

"I see," you repeat.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Bleh, infodump. And exams.
