# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 14

You push the carpet onwards, heading towards Sendai. The wind whips through your hair, sending it streaming out backwards. Idly, you wonder what Homura's hair would look like, ruffled by the wind, and giggle under your breath.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami looks curiously at you. Her hand is still glowing with magic, healing your side.

"*No... I was just thinking, imagine if we'd brought Homura of this trip?*" you say.

"*Well, that fight would have been over much sooner,*" Mami agrees.

"*No, I mean, her hair,*" you say, waving at your own, wracked by the onrushing wind.

Mami's head tilts, and she seems to consider the image, and giggles softly. "*Ooh,*" she grins. "*Though... she probably has some magic to fix that,*" she adds.

"*Yeah, probably,*" you concede. "*Heck, she probably carries a mirror and hairbrush in her shield.*"

"*... probably,*" Mami agrees.

"*Hey, hey, what's the joke?*" Kirika pipes up.

You grin back at her. "*You know Homura?*"

"*Don't like her,*" Kirika responds, making a face.

"*Well, imagine if we'd brought her along,*" you say. "*Wind, and hair.*"

"*Uh? Oh. Ohhh. Oooooh,*" a smirk spreads across her face, and she starts making wavy gestures at her head, patting out what you imagine would be a huge, poofy *cloud* of hair. She promptly begins laughing, heartfelt cackles you can hear even over the wind.

You snicker, and grin at Mami, who gives you a fond smile.

"*Miss Sabrina?*" Yuuki's voice.

"*Yep?*" you ask. Idly, you pull a few marbles out from the fabric of the Grief carpet, and begin rolling them in your hand, letting them clack together.

"*The University Group says they'll see you,*" Yuuki says. "*You're going over, right?*"

"*Yeah, we're going,*" you agree. You close your fist over the marbles, and let it fall open to reveal a sandy pile of little grains. "*An hour or two? Maybe a little more?*"

"*Hnn, you can haul ass, can't you?*" Yuuki sounds faintly surprised. "*]Yeah, I told 'em you're on your way. You can go kick up a ruckus or something.*"

"*Or you could patch me through later?*" you ask. The pile of grains streams out to drift in the air, shimmering in the deep, unsettling purple hues of Grief as the afternoon sunlight catches it. You drag your finger through the air, building a trail of grains that stays with you in defiance of the wind.

"*Sure,*" she replies, an audible shrug in her voice.

"*Alright, thanks. Hey, one mor-*" Mami prods a finger into your side, and you jerk upright, straightening in reflex. She gives you an innocent look, laughter dancing in her eyes. "*Good as new, Sabrina,*" she smiles.

"*Thanks, Mami,*" you say.

"*No problem!*" she beams at you. She shifts, shuffling across the carpet so that she can sit directly beside you and leans her head against your shoulder. You smile down at her, and she returns it, nuzzling against you.

"*Miss Sabrina?*" Yuuki asks.

"*Sorry, got distracted for a moment. Anyway, if you don't mind, another question - where and how did you find Miss Hamasaki, anyway?*" you ask.

"*Oh. Sheer luck, actually,*" Yuuki tells you. "*Yuuna and Kimiko were headed home from their club, and saw Hamasaki walking down the street. So they called it in, and we went searching around and found her... minions two streets away.*"

"*Ah, got it,*" you say, humming thoughtfully. "*And you attacked immediately?*"

"*No, of course not,*" Yuuki replies. "*We watched them for a while. Both Hamasaki and her... friends-*" distaste drips off the word, "*-went on walkabouts for a while. She was definitely scouting around, so... Yeah.*"

"*I see,*" you say. You roll the Grief sand over the back of your knuckles, rippling and shimmering oddly in the light.

"*Yep,*" Yuuki says.

"*Alright. Thanks, then,*" you say.

"*Mm,*" she says, and closes the connection.

Hmm. That's something, then. You contemplate the Grief sand, and focus a fraction of your attention on it while you make your next call. "*Hey, Homura?*" you call for the second time in... maybe half an hour?

"*Yes?*" she replies. Her mental voice sounds slightly strained.

You frown, hand stilling. "*Hold up, is something wrong?*" Mami looks up at your frown, and one hand comes up to gently smooth it away. You smile at her, and mouth 'Homura'. Mami nods in understanding.

"*No...*" she says.

"*You're sure?*" you press.

"*Trying not to... *talk*... to Miki Sayaka,*" Homura admits. "*She's saying that magical girls are... cool.*"

"*Oh,*" you say, relaxing slightly. "*Well. Hang in there.*"

"*Yes,*" Homura says, tone drier than a desert. "*What did you need?*"

"*Yeah. Do you know about one Kato Setsuko?*" you ask. Hmm... back to your experimentations... Is changing the colour of Grief something you can do? Make it transparent?

"*... something to do with the Sendai girls?*" Homura hazards after a moment's thought.

"*Yep,*" you confirm. You bear down on the small bit of Grief now cupped in your hand, and *push*. Suddenly, it turns a brilliant, shining gold, a handful of shimmering motes sifting gently about. It also lights up in your senses the same way the stuff of a Witch Barrier does. Mami jerks a little, and glances over, seeing what you're doing and frowning slightly. 'One moment,' you mouth at her.

"*Dead,*" Homura says simply. "*A while ago.*"

"*You're sure?*" you ask. Another presence makes itself felt beside you - Kirika poking her head over to see what you're doing. You mouth 'later' to her, too, and she rocks backwards on her heels, flopping over on the carpet instead with her arms splayed wide.

"*No, I'm not,*" Homura replies. "*I only know about her in passing?*"

"*Hm... good enough,*" you say. "*Thanks!*"

"*Anything else?*" Homura asks.

"*Nope, that's it,*" you say. "*See you soon.*"

"*See you,*" Homura replies.

You purse your lips, considering that. Homura, at least, thinks that the mysterious Setsuko is dead. And while she *could* still be wrong, her knowledge is considerably more definitive than, well, *anything* you've heard so far about the girl.

Anyway. You look at Mami, and show her the handful of faux-gold you'd made out of Grief. "*Experimenting a bit,*" you tell her and Kirika.

"*Oh,*" Mami says. "*It, uh, feels kinda like the stuff of a Witch Barrier.*"

"*Is that gold?*" Kirika asks, poking her head over again.

"*I know,*" you sigh. "*And yeah. Fake gold, made out of Grief. On the other hand, I guess that means I can do* this."

You wave your hand in a grand sweeping gesture, and *pull* a wall of Grief up in front of you, which abruptly shimmers into perfect, crystal clarity, forming a windscreen. The rushing wind abruptly dies out, shielded from you, and you grin an exhilarated little grin. It pings *loudly* in your puella magi senses, admittedly.

Mami clears her throat. "That's *amazing*, Sabrina!" she says.

Kirika reaches out, and raps her finger on the windscreen. "Cool," she says simply. "Really feels like a Witch Barrier, though."

"Yeah, that's a bit of a problem," you admit. "Good for now, though."

"*Hey, Miss Sabrina,*" Yuuki again, this time sounding faintly perturbed.

"*Yep?*" you respond, frowning at the tone of her voice.

"*The University Group's kinda under attack right now,*" Yuuki says. "*Like, *now* now. Uh. Maybe go pull their asses out of the fire?*"

"*Got it,*" you say.

**\[] Write-in plan**

\=====​

Whee! And honestly, I do wonder that no one *tried* for this before. Remember how you could change the *acoustic* properties of Grief?
