# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 15

"Well," you say, glancing around at Mami and Kirika. "Apparently the Uni group is currently being attacked." You pull a face. "Time to go pull someone else's asses out of the fire - you remember what Oriko said, right?"

Mami nods. "Seven hours before they were chased out of the city."

Kirika bounces on the carpet and pouts at you. "Aw, you were talking to Oriko and didn't invite me?"

"Sorry, I just wanted to ask her something," you tell her.

"Eh. It's OK. I was talking to her earlier, too!" Kirika says brightly. "She's sleeping now, though." She runs her fingers through her hair, combing it back into order.

Self consciously, you start patting your *own* hair back into order.

"Anyway," you mutter. "Let me try something else. Uh, excuse me, Mami?" You stand, and *twist* your will. The carpet *ripples*, shreds of Grief dancing through the air as your reshape it midflight. The whipping storm of Grief disguises the torrent pouring out from Hildegarde's Grief Seed, lofted amidst the storm.

Seats sprout out of the carpet like mushrooms, extruding backrests and armrests and pushing Mami and Kirika into seated positions - a double seat for you and Mami, a single for Kirika. You grin at their surprised *eeps* as you continue, building a fuselage extending backwards from the windscreen to enclose you fully.

Finally, Hildegarde's Seed, now clear and emptied of Grief, returns to your pocket, and you sweep into a low bow, facing Kirika and Mami. "Welcome, ladies, and thank you for flying Sabrina Airlines Flight SA-002. This is your captain speaking. We have reached our crusing altitude of, uh..." you peer out of the window, "I don't know how high. We will be reaching Sendai in... you know what, I don't know either. I'm not good at this."

Kirika laughs, clapping her hands happily.

Mami smiles fondly at you as you plop down in the double seat. "This is amazing, Sabrina," she compliments you. "Uh... Maybe give us some warning next time?" she adds.

"Oh, sorry," you say. "Should have thought of that. I'll do that next time," you say, leaning back in the seat, and frown at the consistency of the Grief. "Mami, maybe you could make cushions or something?"

"Ooh, that's a good idea," Mami says, smiling. She shifts a little, holding up a hand, and it's *your* turn to jump when the seat below you suddenly *squirms*, and a cushion weaves itself into existence from ribbons. Padding wraps around the back of the seat, too.

"Brilliant!" you grin. "Now, hold on..." A twist of your attention has the acceleration noticeably pressing you back into your seats. Mami shifts, shuffling across the seat to lean up against you as you pour on the speed, bearing down on the entire construct surrounding you with your will.

"What are you doing, Sabrina?" Mami asks curiously.

"Uh. Getting us to Sendai faster," you say. "And, uh. Trying to break the sound barrier."

"Oh, Sabrina," Mami says, a familiar, fondly exasperated tone in her voice.

The ground speeds past below you, largely unoccupied expanses of vegetation skimming by in blurs of green as you swing south, past Mitakihara, visible as a shining silver smudge to your right. You're not sure whether you're actually breaking the sound barrier - it's not like you'd be able to *tell* from *inside* the shockwave if there were one, anyway.

... You feel vaguely annoyed about that.

On the other hand, you definitely *are* going fast. At ludicrous speeds, you might say. Or indeed, sufficient velocity.

Sendai appears, a massive grey smudge that rapidly turns into a dense, sprawling expanse of buildings. Rather like Ishinomaki, the city looks, and *feels*, old. Older, grungier buildings standing beside newer, shining silver constructions.

And...

You can *see* the conflict, in the distance.

Flickering, shining motes of lights glowing and hunting through the air, striking and spinning and slashing across the canyons yawning between buildings. A standing wave of water that ebbs and crashes and smashes between buildings - Akiko's work, you imagine. A veritable *forest*, sprouted incongrously on the rooftop.

Your eyes narrow, as Mami sits bolt upright, eyes also on the conflict.

"*Miss Inoue?*" you reach out for Yuuki, including Mami in the call.

"*Yeah?*"

"*Hook me up to the University Girls?*" you ask.

"*OK,*" the girl replies. "*Miss Chouko?*" You can *feel* the new connection click into place.

"*Now is not a good time!*" an unfamiliar voice barks.

"*Miss Chouko, I am Sabrina from Mitakihara-*" you begin.

"*Fighting for my life here!*" she snaps at you, biting off the words.

"*Incoming on you to end the fighting,*" you reply, tone equally clipped.

"*Wha-*" she breaks off. "*Whatever!*"

You frown. An understandable, if annoying reaction. Oh well.

"*Right, thank you, Miss Inoue,*" you tell the girl, and close the connection, reaching instead for another one. "*Akiko.*"

"*Miss Sabrina?*" the bluenette's voice sounds just as harried as Chouko's, if for a different but related reason.

"*Incoming on you to end the fighting,*" you say tersely, tone brooking no argument.

"*I don't think this is a good time!*" she snaps back, confusion leaking into her tone.

"*No time like the present,*" you rebutt, and close the connection.

You meet Mami's eyes. Worry swims in her eyes, but determination firms the lines around her mouth. You pat her on the arm, smiling reassuringly at her, and she impulsively catches your hand and pulls you into a tight hug. You return it, squeezing her as tightly as she does you. She pulls back after a moment. "S-sorry," she says, looking down.

You tap her lightly on the forehead. "You have nothing to apologize for," you tell her, smiling, and Mami blushes, looking away.

You glance back at Kirika, and she grins sunnily at you, giving you another of those damnable thumbs ups. You roll your eyes at her.

"We're going in," you tell her tartly. "Same as before - nonlethal, save the antimagic."

"Aw, fine," Kirika pouts.

"Right. We're going *loud*," you declare, rising lightly to your feet, glancing ahead at the roiling puella magi conflict. Mami rises with you, her expression smoothed out into a confident mask. Kirika, too, leaps to her feet, balancing catlike on the toes of her feet, suddenly-reclawed hands hanging loosely at her sides.

The chairs bubble back down to join the floor beneath you.

You have a *lot* of Grief available to you right now, what with emptying out Hildegarde's Seed.

And you let it *all* erupt out into a titanic, slowly turning hurricane, with the three of you in the center. Twisting eddies whorl and surge through the maelstrom, casting endlessly shifting purple light down on the three of you as you stand - Mami on your left, Kirika on your right.

"*Fuck.*" Sakura's voice.

"*Yep. Incoming,*" you say.

"*Jesus fuck,*" Sakura swears.

You can see the fight judder to a halt as the oppressive, *overwhelming* sensation of raw, *active* Grief washes out over the evening light. Akiko's standing wave of water halts its onslaught, and evaporates, the forest of vines stilling its deadly motion. The fighters break off, stopping in confusion, and presumably, *fear*.

You bleed off a little speed as the three of you arrive over the battlefield.

You can see four forms taking off in the distance.

Four girls, ones you don't recognize, are crouched within the dense forest of vines in a tight huddle, watching you cruise in with wary tension in their body language and weapons ready. Heavy roots groan and creak in slow growth across the rooftop, quiescent but all to ready to spring to life again.

You stare down at them, as the three of you drift closer.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami says to you. "*That's... Tsubaki Chouko, and Umeko Yuko.*"

... There are *five* Soul Gems between *four* girls, in your Grief senses.

---

- [ ] Let Mami talk to the University girls
- [ ] Talk to the University girls yourself
- [ ] Go after the Sendai girls
- [ ] Write-in

---

Fleeing must be a sign of a guilty conscience,[ ](<http://Tsubaki Chouko is the leader of her little group of friends, even if she doesn't much feel like it, most days. Not since Chika died. Not since Fukui left.\\\Hard won experience and instinct screams at her to dodge. Her wings, delicate and shimmering like those of the butterfly she's named after, hurl her backwards, just in time for that damnable Tachibana to smash a kick into the rooftop, shattering and kicking up shards of concrete. Chouko spins to present the edge of one wing, and flickering shards of crystal lash out in a wave that chews through more concrete in the wake of a teleporter no longer there.\\\She throws herself backwards off the roof, buying time with a few meter's of height.\\\On the next rooftop over, a shrieking torrent of paper rips forward, winding and weaving around grasping tendrils studded with rosethorns. They'd made so many jokes about the tentacles, and yet, here she was. Here \[i]they\[/i] were; Suzuki Haru, plant maestro, fighting back to back with her sister, Rei, in the middle of a raging forest of dense, knotted plants and living paper swarms hunting through the air.\\\They're holding their own against Hamasaki and Tamiko, anyway. In the face of it, water and Tamiko's absurd forcefields might seem to overmatch plants and paper... but teamwork answered for a lot, dense oak weathering the pounding of gravity fueled strikes and slicing paper weaving around the iridescent octagons of Tamiko.\\\A figure blurs into existence as Tachibana tries for a hit on the Suzuki sisters, only to be rebuffed with vinyl tendrils whipping around her katana and forcing her back. The teleporter blurs away again.\\\Chouko calls one of her scepters to her hand. It snaps up as she rotates through the air, letting her magic blaze forth in prismatic flickers of light that slash towards Tamiko. The girl answers with another iridescent barrier that effortlessly absorbs the deadly bursts.\\\\"\[i]Got her,\[/i]" a quiet voice in her mind. A familiar one - Yuko, unlike that odd one relayed to her by Inoue. What did that girl even \[i]mean\[/i]?\\\\"\[i]Great,\[/i]" Chouko replies, absorbing a landing on the next roof over with bent knees. Minami, just over there, messy, slate grey hair over her equally drab, grey outfit. A vicious, swiping blow with her scepter is met by a mace. Sparks fly as it becomes a contest of strength, until Minami's eyes flash and Chouko dances aside to avoid the blast of gravity.\\\A heavy \[i]crack\[/i], and Minami's head snaps forward sharply. Her neck bends with a horrid, cracking noise, and Chouko's eyes go wide in horror.\\\A girl shimmers into view - Yuko, looking equally horrified.\\\And Minami staggers to the side, legs wobbly, but still working. Head still hanging limply at an unnatural angle.\\\Chouko bullrushes the girl, bodychecking her. Yuko, sensing her intention, helps, grabbing the disoriented gravity controller.\\\And they throw her off the roof.\\\Equal parts horror and triumph surges through Chouko as Minami's body tumbles limply off the edge. \[i]She'll be fine\[/i], she tells herself.\\\And then->)right?
