# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 15.1

> Firn's hidden text said:
>
> /Tsubaki Chouko is the leader of her little group of friends, even if she doesn't much feel like it, most days. Not since Chika died. Not since Fukui left.
>
> \\\Hard won experience and instinct screams at her to dodge. Her wings, delicate and shimmering like those of the butterfly she's named after, hurl her backwards, just in time for that damnable Tachibana to smash a kick into the rooftop, shattering and kicking up shards of concrete. Chouko spins to present the edge of one wing, and flickering shards of crystal lash out in a wave that chews through more concrete in the wake of a teleporter no longer there.
>
> \\\She throws herself backwards off the roof, buying time with a few meter's of height.
>
> \\\On the next rooftop over, a shrieking torrent of paper rips forward, winding and weaving around grasping tendrils studded with rosethorns. They'd made so many jokes about the tentacles, and yet, here she was. Here they were; Suzuki Rei, plant maestro, fighting back to back with her sister, Haru, in the middle of a raging forest of dense, knotted plants and living paper swarms hunting through the air.
>
> \\\They're holding their own against Hamasaki and Tamiko, anyway. In the face of it, water and Tamiko's absurd forcefields might seem to overmatch plants and water... but teamwork answered for a lot, dense oak weathering the pounding of gravity fueled strikes and slicing paper weaving around the iridescent octagons of Tamiko.
>
> \\\A figure blurs into existence as Tachibana tries for a hit on the Suzuki sisters, only to be rebuffed with vinyl tendrils whipping around her katana and forcing her back. The teleporter blurs away again.
>
> \\\Chouko calls one of her scepters to her hand. It snaps up as she rotates through the air, letting her magic blaze forth in prismatic flickers of light that slash towards Tamiko. The girl answers with another iridescent barrier that effortlessly absorbs the deadly bursts.
>
> \\\\"Got her," a quiet voice in her mind. A familiar one - Yuko, unlike that odd one relayed to her by Inoue. What did that girl even mean?
>
> \\\\"Great," Chouko replies, absorbing a landing on the next roof over with bent knees. Minami, just over there, messy, slate grey hair over her equally drab, grey outfit. A vicious, swiping blow with her scepter is met by a mace. Sparks fly as it becomes a contest of strength, until Minami's eyes flash and Chouko dances aside to avoid the blast of gravity.
>
> \\\A heavy crack, and Minami's head snaps forward sharply. Her neck bends with a horrid, cracking noise, and Chouko's eyes go wide in horror.\\\A girl shimmers into view - Yuko, looking equally horrified.
>
> \\\And Minami staggers to the side, legs wobbly, but still working. Head still hanging limply at an unnatural angle.
>
> \\\Chouko bullrushes the girl, bodychecking her. Yuko, sensing her intention, helps, grabbing the disoriented gravity controller.
>
> \\\And they throw her off the roof.
>
> \\\Equal parts horror and triumph surges through Chouko as Minami's body tumbles limply off the edge. She'll be fine, she tells herself.
>
> \\\And then-'
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()
