# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 17

You cast your mental grasp out, snagging Sakura, too. "\*Whatever you're thinking of doing right now, *stop.* Calm down. I'll get Rin back, but if you just drop right in here, things *will* get messy. And nobody wants that - least of all \*you."

"*Fuck! Fuck! Fuc-*" Sakura's coarse voice spits in your head, and then abruptly chokes off.

Silence from that end, then Sakura again, voice ragged. "*Fine. Fine. So fucking help me you *will* save Rin or I will rip you a new asshole.*"

"*Yep,*" you agree, and close that connection. Mami touches you lightly on the elbow, and points off in the distance. "There," she murmurs. Following her direction, you can see four figures standing on a distant building beyond your sensing range, silhouetted by the setting sun. One sitting, one kneeling beside the sitting figure, one standing, and one pacing angrily. You'll guess that last one's Sakura.

The University Girls look over, too, and their faces shift. Some trepidation, a generous helping of worry, and a dash of horror, on Chouko and Yuko's face.

You step forward onto the roof, picking your way carefully around the thick carpet of roots digging into the concrete. Mami and Kirika follow, too, Mami fastidiously avoiding the roots while Kirika blithely clomps over them. The white haired girl -Rei?- jolts, and looks back at the three of you.

The carpet you dissolve behind you, coalescing its material to join the spheres drifting idly about, and you cough lightly, drawing the attention of the rest of the girls back to you. You straighten, tilting your chin up a hair. "So, as I'm sure you know from Miss Inoue, we're here to... settle this mess without further bloodshed."

Chouko nods slowly. "She told us, yes," she says.

"OK," you say. "I understand why you wanted to take Rin out of the fight... I don't think you guys actually want to kill her. Or anyone. Am I wrong?"

The winged girl shakes her head. "No," she says, swallowing. "I mean no, you're right."

"Then would you be alright if we put her back in her body while we discuss things?" you ask. "This... is probably going to take a while, and I don't want her or her body harmed."

You hold up a placating hand, as they alarmed looks dart between them. "Look," you say. "The rest of the Sendai girls will be staying away for now, and if they pop in, *we*-" you gesture at yourself, Mami, and Kirika, "-will subdue them. Rin can stay as... your prisoner, and their spokesperson for this discussion. But please, can I ask that you do this as... a gesture of good faith?"

Chouko cracks. "I... we need *out*, Miss Sabrina. We can't *go on* like this." She gestures helplessly. "We... we can't."

"I understand," you say. "I... OK, look. I manipulate Grief." You wave at the spheres of Grief drifting about you. "That's my power, and thanks to that, I pretty much eliminate Grief Seeds resource issues."

Chouko freezes. *All* the University group girls do.

"Could you... demonstrate?" she asks carefully.

"Sure," you agree, reaching for your own Soul Gem, and pulling it off. You hold it out to them, clearly showing the traces of corruption swirling within its depths, and siphon off the filmy darkness with a careless gesture of your other hand.

"I- we," Chouko looks at her friends. "Could we do... could you help us?"

You check their levels of corruption again - none of them are anywhere near critical, but neither are they running *clean*, either. More pertinently, perhaps, is that they have three Grief Seeds between four of them. Rin's Soul Gem is quiescent, sitting quietly in Yuko's pocket, it seems.

**\[] Agree
\[] Disagree
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Corrected a mistake, incidentally - Suzuki ~~Rei~~ Haru is plant girl, *Haru* Rei is paper girl.

Holding in abeyance these bits, as needed:

Spoiler

-\[X] We don't want to give Sendai reason to believe that our negotiations here are doomed to fail, causing them to act... impulsively.
-\[X] We intend to deal with the extortionate behavior that Sendai has been engaging in, that has been making life difficult for others.
-\[X] With our grief manipulation ability, we can largely eliminate grief seed resource issues, rendering the extortion pointless.
-\[X] If you have a specific need for Rin and her abilities, we can see about addressing that right now, before we move to the broader discussions.
-\[X] Travel as a group to Rin's body and revive her. Preferred method is Sabrina kneeling over her, getting handed the soul gem, and placing the soul gem against Rin where she can see it when she revives.
\[X] Move to an acceptable location for discussions, explain our position, and start getting their story.
