# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 18

"Yes, I'll clean your Soul Gems for you," you nod, smiling a little. "It's... literally why I'm here, in some ways." And some days you wonder if that's even *more* literal than you think.

"I-" Chouko says. "What do we have to do? We... can't afford much."

"Free," you say gently.

It's the work of a moment to pull the Grief from their Soul Gems, thick, ropy streams billowing into the air to join the planetoids already drifting idly around. Nothing at dangerous levels, but given that they only had three Grief Seeds to share among four people... Chouko's the only one *without* a Grief Seed, you notice. Yuko and the two sisters all have one apiece.

*Joy* wars with disbelief on their faces, as they bring their hands to touch their Soul Gems - head, bracer, another bracer, and chest. Yuko fumbles in her pocket, bringing out a Grief Seed which she touches to the Soul Gem mounted on her hairband, and she sags in relief when she sees that nothing happens. The purple haired girl, feeling your gaze on her, offers you a weak smile, one filled with relief and a silent apology.

Mami touches you on the elbow, and you turn to see the warm, *proud* smile directed at you. You smile back, and her hands move a little, both rising in an aborted gesture that she seems to think the better of. "*You're doing something amazing here, Sabrina.*" Her eyes flick over to the University girls, and back to yours. "*I-I... didn't want to interfere in the war, but... this...*"

"*I know, Mami,*" you say, shifting hold her hand between both of yours. "*It's all right. And for what it's worth, I'm sorry, too.*"

"*Don't,*" Mami says. "*Don't apologize for me being selfish, Sabrina.*"

"*You're not selfish,*" you tell her with some heat. "*You're*not."

Mami smiles. "*OK.*"

A careful clearing of a throat, from the University girls.

When you release Mami's hand and look back at the University girls, they're giving the two of you an odd look, Chouko and Yuko in particular. You give them a *none-of-your-bloody-business* look, while Mami just smiles, eyes half lidded as they usually are. Kirika looks indignant, frowning crossly at them.

"Um," Chouko says. "Thank you. Thank you so very much."

"It's what I'm here for," you repeat. "So, about Rin?"

"Well, um," Chouko says, glancing around at her friends. "Um... it's still kind of true that our situation is... untenable, even if... you took the edge off."

"Yes, and I'm going to change that." You mentally append a 'hopefully' to that statement. "But... well. Would you make a gesture of good faith? To me, if not to the Sendai girls?"

"Y-yes," the butterfly-winged girl says. "Yes."

"Alright," you say. "Lead on, then."

Hesitantly, Yuko walks to the edge of the roof, and leaps off, bounding towards the next roof. You follow her, Mami and Kirika right behind you. Chouko follows after a heartbeat's pause, while the Suzuki sisters stay back. You can feel the plant controller's -Haru's- magic fade slowly from the forest, and she and her sister follow. When you glance back, the forest is already starting to wither with unnatural speed, vines fading to a sickly brown and crumbling away.

Huh.

You see Rin's body, a crumpled heap swathed in her dark green robes, and you angle over to that roof, landing in a smooth shoulder roll.

You move over to the body, kneeling beside it. "OK, Soul Gem?"

Yuko silently places it in your hand, and you glance at it - a dark, emerald green. Some amount of corruption swirling in its depths, which you carefully tug free.

You glance around at the girls. "OK, give me some space here," you say. "She'll probably be a bit disoriented when she wakes up and all." Quiet affirmations from the University girls, and they back off a little. You reach out a hand and snag Mami as she moves away. "Stay?" you smile up at her.

A smile breaks through the troubled expression on her face, as she darts uncomfortable glances at Rin's body. "Of course, Sabrina," she says.

Taking a deep breath, you press it into Rin's hand, and wait for a moment, watching the conflagration of *magic* catch and spread like a wildfire across dry brush, arcing through Rin's body in pulses. It reaches her brain last, and bottle green eyes blink open.

Rin jolts upright, looking around wildly, a jagged dagger forming in a blaze of green light. You catch her, restraining her lightly. "Rin! Rin, it's Sabrina," you say gently.

"S-Sabrina?" she stutters, looking at you. "W-what- *behind you!*"

"Shh, no," you say. Without looking, you know that it's Mami, hovering anxiously just behind you. "That's Mami, she's with me."

Rin relaxes slightly, then jerks, head twitching and eyes gaining that distant look you've learned to associate with telepathy. You glance over at where the Sendai girls are - two seated forms, one standing, one leaning forward with her leg propped on the edge of the roof, all still silhouetted by the sun.

You decide to follow that up, too, reaching out to Akiko and Sakura. "*See, she's up,*" you say.

"*Yeah, great,*" Sakura says. "*Now, get her free.*"

"*Discussions first,*" you reply.

"*Fuckin' what?*" the teleporter snaps back.

"*I imagine you want us to negotiate,*" Akiko says.

"*Just so,*" you reply.

"Miss Sabrina?" Chouko asks tentatively. "*Fucking negotiate for*Rin?" Sakura roars in your metaphorical ear.

"Right," you say, looking at them. "Is there anywhere neutral we can meet up?" Telepathically, you say. "*No, she's negotiating for*you."

Rin shakily pats herself down for something, and finds it in her voluminous sleeves. She withdraws her glasses, and frowns when she sees they're broken. "Miss Sabrina, am *I* to negotiate on behalf of Akiko?"

"Yes," you affirm. Akiko's voice sounds inside your head a second later. "*I would prefer it if *I* could be the one negotiating.*"

Chouko frowns. "There's a cafe nearby, the owner's... not very observant."

---

- [ ] How do you respond to Akiko?
  - [ ] Tone and content
- [ ] What do you tell Chouko?
  - [ ] Tone and content
- [ ] How do you open the negotiations?
  - [ ] Tone and content
- [ ] Write-in

---

Witchbomb discussions again, I see.
