# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 19

"*Hm,*" you say to Akiko. "*We're not starting to negotiate quite so soon. Give us a few minutes.*" You pause. "*And really. You've been... shall we say, *harsh* on these girls. Frankly, your presence might very well... impede any possibility of a reasonable discussion, so I'm going to ask *them* if they're comfortable with talking to *you*, or someone else from your group. It's *their* call.*"

A moment of silence from Akiko, which you take to nod at Chouko. "Does that cafe have outside tables? I don't think Hamasaki's group wants to let Rin out of their sight."

"Umm..." Chouko thinks about it, before Rei pipes up, her voice voice clear and ringing like the bell she's named after. "Yeah, it does."

"That sounds perfect, then," you say, smiling lightly. Continued sullen silence, telepathically - is Akiko still *there?* You glance over at the rooftop where the Sendai girls are. *Were*, as it turns out. They're no longer there.

"*Akiko?*" you ask telepathically, looking around cautiously. They're not in your senses, but with Sakura's teleport...

"*Very well,*" the water controller finally says. A light touch on your elbow - Mami, pointing at a different roof, a different vantage point, and this time, only two of them. Without the sun at their backs, you recognize one with Akiko's distinct figure, and the other one in a tightly wound, wire-taut posture that is Sakura.

"Thanks," you murmur back to her, frowning at the two Sendai girls. Well, they're still... yes, they're still out of your sensing range.

Well.

"Shall we go, then?" you gesture.

"Yes," Chouko says, walking in the opposite direction of your gesture. "Um... it's this way."

"*Hey, Mami,*" you link up Rin, Mami and yourself as you follow Chouko off the edge of the roof. Yuko sticks close to Rin, keeping an eye on the healer.

"*Yes?*" Mami replies, looking inquisitively at you.

"*Can you repair Rin's glasses?*" you ask.

"*Oh, um,*" the healer interrupts. "*I... don't actually need the glasses. They're for show; Akiko said they'd help me project a more... professional image. And Saku- Um. Yes.*"

"*Oh,*" Mami says. "*I could, though...?*"

"*No, that's alright, thank you,*" Rin says uncomfortably as you follow Chouko down into an alleyway. "*They're really just for show.*"

Light blazes as Chouko untransforms, leaving her in a demure, dark grey hoodie and skirt combination. You follow suit, several novas of light glowing and dying in a few seconds, wondering for a moment whether anyone might see you from outside the alley. Then again, no one *has*, so far.

Briefly, your mind flicks to Kyuubey. Probably busy covering up that big fight in Ishinomaki. And the fight here.

You frown, looking at the drifting planetoids of Grief around you, and send the majority up to the roof, where they'll be safely out of sight from non-puella magi. You keep some with you, though, one sphere collapsing into marbles which you slip into your bag and getting a few uncomfortable looks from the University girls.

The group of you -eight teenaged girls, yourself almost half a head taller than everyone else- walking out of the alley probably look quite the sight as you merge into the evening crowds. You get more than a few odd looks, but no one comments as Chouko leads you to the cafe, her long, pale blue braid bobbing behind her as she threads the crowd against the flow.

The owner, an elderly lady, looks up from her newspaper when you arrive, and smiles vaguely before waving forward a cheerful looking man who looks like he might be her son. You're forced to drag three tables together to accomodate eight people, and finally, you drop into one of the chairs, Mami and Kirika sitting on your left and right, Rin one seat further along. The rest of the University girls array themselves in the seats, uncomfortable looks passing between them.

"What would you like?" the waiter asks, looking around at the ecletic assortment of girls.

"Just tea, for me," you say, raising a finger. You're not terribly hungry yet, anyway. Orders go around the table, some ordering cakes as well as drinks. Mami follows your example, simply ordering tea, while Kirika asks for a small dessert cake.

"Alright, so," you say, drawing everyone's attention. "We're not starting any negotiations or anything yet. We'll take a few minutes to unwind, OK? Just... I think we all need to relax."

Slow nods answer you.

The Suzuki sisters, sitting next to each other, both slump tiredly in their chairs. Their eyes flutter closed. Yuko sighs and rubs at her eye wearily, the other still staying on you and Rin, while Chouko looks at you. "So, um," she asks. "You're from Mitakihara?" She immediately cringes, looking like she wishes she could take those words back.

"Yep," you confirm. "Mami, Kirika, and I."

"Oh," Chouko says. "That's... good," she finishes, and winces again.

You roll your eyes. "We don't bite, you know."

"We don't?" Kirika asks, pouting exaggeratedly in disappointment.

Chouko barks out a startled laugh, and then immediately claps her hand over her mouth. "Um, sorry." Mami giggles demurely, similarly bringing her hand to her mouth, while the girl with white hair -Haru, Rei's sister- cracks one eye open to look at the commotion.

"No, Kirika, we really don't," you say. To Chouko, you say, "Actually, may I ask a question?"

"Um," Chouko says. "OK?"

"Right, so," you glance over at the Suzuki sisters, indicating Haru, with her pure white hair. "Plants, and-" you indicate Rei, with her pale *green* hair, "paper?"

Haru rolls her visible eye, and then closes it.

"... yes," Chouko sighs. "Yes, that's right. Everybody asks that the first time, too."

"... huh," you say.

"Mmmhm," Chouko agrees.

"But-"

"We *know*," Rei and Haru chorus in unison, without even opening their eyes.

Chouko shrugs at you. "Magic."

"Magic," you grunt in agreement. "Ah, thank you." The waiter sets out your orders, before retreating inside the shop, leaving you to your food and discussions. The University girls perk up, digging into their cakes, as does Kirika.

"So..." you start, stirring your tea. "More seriously... what's your story?" You sip at the tea, and grimace - tea bags, it tastes like.

"Ah, well..." Chouko looks down at her plate, turning her fork over and over. "There's not much to tell. We made our contracts. We... we met Hamasaki, and she... imposed her tax."

The blue haired girl sighs, and seems to realize that she's been playing with the fork. She puts it down firmly, and presses her hands flat against the table. "After a while, Fukui... couldn't take it any more. She left." Chouko looks up, and smiles weakly. "We still keep in touch... she's with the Tome group. I was thinking of... asking her for help, actually."

Yuko harrumphs quietly, just enough to draw a look from Chouko.

"So... that's our story," Chouko finishes quietly.

**\[] Press about Chika (the girl who died)
\[] Proceed with asking about Akiko
\[] Negotiations
\- \[] Points, tone
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Holding this in abeyance, as needed.

Spoiler

-\[x] Once that's done, ask if they would be able to talk their minds with Akiko at the table, and whether they rather she be there or not. Mind that any agreements will hold more weight if it's done in person and not through an intermediate.
-\[x] If Sakura is allowed to join the discussion, keep her at least one seat away from Rin, with Kirika in between them. We'd rather not have to interrupt her teleport.
