# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 21

You spend a few minutes simply contemplating the sky, letting your mind contemplate the next course of action, and sparing a quick thought for what to do with the incoming rain. Finally, you tilt your head forward again, looking around the table. "Well, that being the case, then..." you start, and then trail off as another thought strikes you.

"Actually, sorry, one last question. Is there anyone else who should join in on these negotiations?" you ask. "Someone else subjected to Hamasaki's... tax, or something?"

Simultaneously, you reach out for Mami and Kirika. "*Stay alert, I still don't quite trust Akiko not to try something.*"

Chouko shakes her head, before stopping. "Well, there's-what's-her name, the blonde girl? But I haven't seen her for... a month? Anyone else seen her recently?" she glances around, recieving only shaken heads from her friends. "Then no, we're the only ones still... hanging on. She probably had the sense to get out," she adds, a bitter tone in her voice.

At the same time, Mami replies telepathically, taking a sip of tea and expertly hiding the communication. "*Surely she wouldn't,*" she says, glancing at the street. "*But... yes, you're right.*" Kirika just chirps a cheerful "*Gotcha.*"

"Alright, then," you say out loud, and to Mami and Kirika, you reply with a quick "*Thanks, Mami, Kirika.*" And a second telepathic channel, to Akiko, "*The University girls have declined to have you attend, I'm afraid. You're OK with Rin being your representative, right? Thanks.*"

You can *hear* the frown in the bluenette's voice when she replies. "*Actually, I feel that as the leader of my group, I should be the one negotiating.*"

"*And the University girls have stated their unwillingness to negotiate directly with you,*" you reply, in an even, pleasant tone. You *almost* declare that you're going to put up a Grief awning against of the rain, but at the last minute, a sudden sense of foreboding strikes you, and you change your mind.

Instead, you send Mami another quick question. "*By the way, Mami, how many Grief Seeds do you use, say, in one week?*"

"*Very well,*" Akiko concedes, finally.

Mami responds more promptly. "*Umm,*" she says. "*Using my powers is the majority of it, really. Maybe... one every two weeks, if I don't use my powers at all? I... can't imagine what Miss Hamasaki might be doing with all the Grief Seeds, other than using them for the... war.*"

"*Alright, thanks, Mami,*" you reply, before addressing Akiko again. "*Excellent. Now, would you mind telling me *why* you imposed your... arrangement with the University girls?*" Smoothly, you reach out to Rin at the same time. "*Rin, how are you feeling?*"

The healer twitches a little in response to your call, squeezing her eyes shut. "*Please wait, Miss Sabrina.*"

"Miss Sabrina?" Chouko asks, looking curiously at you, since you fell silent for a minute.

"Sorry, one moment," you say, raising a finger. "*Akiko?*" you prompt.

"*It is my territory,*" Akiko replies. "*But I am not so heartless as to make them leave.*"

"*Sorry, Miss Sabrina,*" Rin replies, glancing across the table at you. "*I was... being given instructions.*"

"*But them dying because of your *'tax'* is OK?*" you demand of Akiko. To Rin, you say, "*Yeah, it's OK. Are you... alright? Did you know about all... this, before?*"

"*They would have died anyway,*" Akiko rebutts calmly. "*If they died, it's because they weren't good enough.*"

You blink in disbelief at the sheer callousness of the response. You'd rip into her for it, but... you're here to mediate. You can settle that later, after that's settled to your satisfaction. For now, you simply end that connection.

Rin, on the other hand, sighs. "*I did, a little... but it was just... there, a background thing.*"

"*Hmm,*" you reply. 'Not my problem', in other words, you think to yourself. "*OK. Are you up to this, then?*"

"*Yes,*" she says, straightening and placing her arms on the table, clasping her hands together.

Alright, then. Time to get things started. You lean forward on the table, directing your glance around at the girls sitting here. Clearing your throat, you say, "Let's begin. Chouko, Rin. First things first, what do your two groups actually want? Not just means to an end. What do you *want*?"

Chouko smiles bitterly. "I want- *we* want our *lives* back."

Rin blanches. "What do you want, that we can give?"

"I think five Grief Seeds a week sounds like a good start for reparations," Yuko mutters softly, accompanied by a nod from Haru.

"I... don't think that's tenable," Rin says, shaking her head.

"*You* bled us for over a *year*," Yuko snaps. "*I* don't thin-"

"Ahem," you say, and Yuko falls silent, looking away. "OK, let's try this again. Chouko, what were you going to do, after capturing Rin, here?" you ask.

"We were going to tell Hamasaki to back off. She's...." Chouko breaks off, grimacing. She continues via telepathy, her voice sounding directly in your head. "*We are... were... prepared to try and throw them out of the city. She's their healer. It made sense to try and... take her out. And they've been using her as their meal ticket, haven't they? We could get Grief Seeds for her.*"

Rin glances at Chouko, then at you. She can probably guess at the telepathy and its contents, if her creased brow is anything to judge by.

"All right. How about you, Rin? What do you need all the Seeds for?" you ask.

Rin shakes her head. "We used some, and the rest we stockpiled. I guess... we would have used them in this... war? I know Akiko promised twenty to Fukushima for thei-" She cuts herself off, realizing what she'd just said.

The University girls glare daggers at her. "Fukushima, huh," Chouko says softly.

Rin winces, and looks away.

You prop your elbows on the table, gesturing lightly with your hands, and *not* interlacing them in the classic pose. You're not here to intimidate, after all. Though you did at least some of that already.

"Right, then... Insofar as *I'm* here, what *I* want is an... end to the extortions, and an end to the conflict*s*, plural." Your gaze sweeps the table, before resting on Chouko. "For my part? I'm offering my abilities to clean Grief, both off Soul Gems and Grief Seeds. I can *refresh* Grief Seeds to an unused state, letting you reuse them."

"That's... great, but..." Chouko glances at Rin.

Rin sighs. "Hold on, please."

Your gaze flicks up at the overcast evening sky - not raining yet.

Mami squeezes your hand lightly, drawing your attention over. "*Sabrina, maybe I could try to smooth the conversation over a bit?*" Golden eyes meet yours, smiling slightly.

**\[] Let Mami try
\- \[] Ask her to try something specific?
\[] Continue
\- \[] Points?
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Hmhmm. Back to business as usual, then.
