# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 22

"*Yeah,*" you agree, smiling back. "*Just... try and break the ice between them, a bit? I mean, we just need them to... stop sniping at each other.*"

Mami brightens. "*Of course, Sabrina,*" she replies. She turns back to the table, face smoothing to a pleasant smile and posture straightening almost imperceptibly.

"Miss Tsubaki, Miss Mori," Mami says, her head dipping in a slow nod. "Miss Umeko, Miss Suzuki, Miss Suzuki." She turns her head to meet the eyes of each person addressed as she speaks, faint smile everpresent.

"Miss Tomoe," Chouko nods in response, as does Rin. The others can't help but smile back, and truth be told, neither can *you* suppress a small smile.

"Miss Tsubaki, we understand your grievances with Miss Hamasaki's group, and what they've done," Mami says, holding out a hand to indicate Rin. "But surely you understand that if you seek only to punish them, it will only leave *them* with ill will towards you?"

"We're not letting them get off so easily," Chouko says.

"Of course not," Mami nods. "That's not going to happen either," she says firmly. "We're here to ensure that *both* sides will accept this *peace*. All we ask is that you give this a chance."

Chouko nods. "We... are willing, Miss Tomoe."

"As are we," Rin adds, before her face twitches in a small frown. "As are we," she repeats.

Mami's smile widens fractionally. "That's good to hear," she says warmly, gentle demeanour never wavering. "Then, Sabrina?"

You smile. "Thank you, Mami," you say, and lean forward again.

"Rin," you address the healer first. "Why did you need to pay Fukushima? I mean, just for their coming to help, or something else?"

Rin shakes her head. "No, just for their, ah, coming down here."

"OK," you say. "Is there anyone else you owe payment to? I'm willing to offer my services to them as well, if it puts an end to your need for more Grief Seeds. Or let me put it another way - is there any reason that an effectively unlimited amount of cleansings wouldn't satisfy any needs you were... hoping to fulfill from this war?"

Rin pauses, eyes unfocusing into the distance - talking to Akiko, then.

You turn to Chouko instead. "Would you agree to a *mutual* cessation of hostilities? My services for cleansing of Soul Gems are also on the table, of course." You hold up a finger, darting a glance at Yuko, as well. "*Yes*, what they did was wrong, but this way, it can be over without any more fighting."

Chouko grimaces. "If you could guarantee that it's mutual? That we don't get pressured any more? Yes, I would," she says.

Yuko folds her arms, and opens her mouth to say something, but Rei beats her to the punch. "Pretty big if," she pipes up. Yuko shuts her mouth, and nods in the green haired girl's direction. "What she said - it's a *big* if."

Rin's eyes refocus, her features twisted in a grimace. "'Grief Seeds are a valuable trading commodity in and of themselves'," she says, turning to you. "Thirty Grief Seeds, to replace the ones used, paid in installments." She swallows, and looks away. "That's what Akiko said."

"No, wait, what?" Yuko says, disbelief in her tone. "Really? *You're in the wrong, and you-*"

Rin squeezes her eyes shut. "'You attacked us first.' I... it's what Akiko told me to say," Rin defends herself, unwilling to meet anyone's eyes.

Chouko shakes her head. "Additional condition - you, Miss Sabrina, don't agree to this."

You glance at Mami. The smile's disappeared from her face, and judging from the way her brow's knitted, she isn't any happier with this either.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Akiko stahp wat r u doing
