# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 23

You keep your face immobile, fixing on a pleasant smile as you turn back to the table. You're not sure how well you succeeded. You look at Rin, wilting in her seat under the combined, furious stares of the University girls, and at Kirika, still nonchalant and indifferent in her chair.

Thoughts whirl through your mind as you process furiously. Akiko *can't* be this stupid - she *must* be doing this for some reason. Your own fury wars with your reason. You're tempted, so tempted, to do something *drastic*. Rip into Akiko here and now, throw this open to the rest of her teammates, straight up call her out... but no.

Like it or not, you volunteered to *mediate*.

"*Mami,*" you say telepathically. "*Could you take over for a bit? Explain why asking for payment like that is... unacceptable. Especially from a group that's already struggling to survive. You're so much better than me at this. I...*" you pause. "*I'll probably say something I'll regret.*"

"*Of course, Sabrina,*" Mami replies, directing a smile at you that you can see out of the corner of your eye. "*I'd be happy to. Though... are you talking to Akiko?*"

"*Yes,*" you say. "*I'm going to see whether I can't get some answers from her.*"

"*Alright,*" Mami says. "*Give her a piece of my mind, too.*" She turns to Rin. "Miss Mori, this proposal is unrealistic, considering that the reason *for* this conflict is that Miss Tsubaki and her friends felt that sustaining the three Seeds a week was not tenable."

You open up a telepathic channel to Akiko. "*Akiko. What exactly do you need all those Grief Seeds for, anyway? Three a week, five a consultation... it adds up. You must have taken in hundreds.*"

Rin shakes her head vigorously, holding up her hands. Mami stops, and lets her speak. "Please wait while I relay this to Akiko." She stresses the bluenette's name as she speaks.

"*Did Rin not convey what I said? They're a commodity,*" Akiko replies.

"*And even if they are, you must have taken in*hundreds," you repeat. "*Even as a currency, what could you spend so many on? If a commodity they are to you, then who do you trade them to? And for*what?"

Silence, from Akiko, at least. "We have already used eight Grief Seeds, and expect to use another for healing. Twenty are for miscellaneous expenses." Rin looks away. "The Fukushima girls," she adds softly.

"Still no," Yuko snaps back. Chouko shakes her head, too.

"*I'm still willing to work with you,*" you say after a moment. "*But I need to know your reasons. What *are* you trying to accomplish? What's your *goal*? Grief Seeds are a means, not an end.*"

"*Grief Seeds bring*security," Akiko rejoins, finally speaking up. "*They're*peace of mind."

Mami's faint smile doesn't waver. "Miss Mori, please tell Akiko that that may be a sound reasoning, but that Miss Tsubaki and her companions are unable to afford it."

"*And you would have girls *die* for your peace of mind? And you'd ignore my powers?*" you snap back.

"*Your powers make a nice*supplement," Akiko says. "*Pardon me if I doubt your 24/7 presence at my side.*"

... well, she's not *wrong*, but she's also evading the point. Fine, then. "*Does this have anything to do with Kato Setsuko?*"

Further silence.

Confusion grows on Rin's face.

"Miss Mori?" Mami prompts, looking at the healer.

"One moment," she says, frowning.

"*Kato Setsuko is dead,*" Akiko says, voice even.

"*Wasn't Rin going to heal her?*" you challenge. You turn your head to your right, looking up to the top of the building where Akiko and Sakura are standing, and you fancy that you meet Akiko's gaze across the gulf. "*Something I should know?*"

Rin looks at you. "Miss Sabrina... what did you do?"

"I asked a question," you say simply. Your gaze doesn't shift from the two figures on the distant roof - Sakura's stopped her nervous pacing, and from what you can make out, she's staring at Akiko too.

"*Akiko?*" you ask.

"*Grief Seeds are safety. Security, commodity*" Akiko mutters in response. "*That's my answer.*"

Not an answer.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Akiko whut
