# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 24

You hit a nerve, that much is obvious. And your mind whirls as you frown at the two distant figures of Akiko and Sakura on the rooftop, dozens of different thoughts cascading through your mind as you think about what to *do* with the first real flaw that Akiko showed.

Then again, was it really a *showing*, or did you never notice?

Either way, it makes little difference now, you suppose.

You glance at Rin. "This isn't your fault," you say. "You're just relaying from Miss Hamasaki, after all." It's as much for her benefit as it is for the University girls'. Your eyes sweep across the table, holding Chouko's gaze for a moment before moving on again.

You take a deep breath, and then reach out telepathically. To Rin and Sakura, you ask, "*Is she OK?*" No need to specify who 'she' might be referring to. And to Akiko herself...

"*Akiko, you have a teleporter,*" you say to the girl. "\*And I don't mind you dropping by whenever for cleanses, or to refresh Grief Seeds. And *all* I'm asking for in return is that everyone stop fighting over \*something I've essentially made obsolete."

"*Grief Seeds are security,*" Akiko repeats. "*People are unreliable.*"

"*I don't... what did you *ask* her?*" Rin replies, confusion tinting her voice.

"*Yeah, the fuck did you say to her?*" Sakura asks, with less vitriol than you usually hear from her, acid replaced with puzzlement. "\*She just kinda... \*stopped."

"*Akiko, please, *work with me*. This doesn't have to end in tears,*" you say to Akiko. "*I just need you stop hounding the University girls, and the Ishinomaki girls. You don't have to do that any more.*"

Back to Rin and Sakura - "*I asked her about Kato Setsuko.*"

"*The girl I went to heal?*" Rin asks blankly.

"*Shitfuckgoddamnit,*" Sakura swears. Ah. So that's where all the vitriol went. With interest, too.

"*Sakura?*" Rin asks, her voice suddenly very small.

"Hey," Chouko says. "What are you talking about?"

Well, that's a fair question. You *have* been staring off into space for a minute or so. "Discussing some issues with Hamasaki and company," you explain. "I'm trying to... persuade her, on your behalf."

"Right," Chouko says, somewhat mollified. She leans back in her seat, crossing her arms and making eye contact with Haru, then Yuko - probably starting her own telepathic conference.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami asks, warm golden eyes meeting yours.

"*Remember that little inconsistency with Kato Setsuko?*" you ask her. "*Akiko reacted... oddly when I asked her about it.*"

"*Oh,*" Mami says. "*Umm... OK.*"

"*Sakura, what's wrong?*" Rin asks.

"*Fuck.* Fuck," Sakura snaps. "*I lied, OK? Akiko told me she wanted me to snoop around. So I lied. So fucking sue me.*"

"*Oh,*" Rin says. "*That's all?*"

"*Rin, Aki- um,*" Sakura says. "*Yeah, that's all. Fuck. Witch girl, give us a minute.*"

Still no further response from Akiko, and you glance over at her again. From what you can make out, she's folded her arms. Thinking, presumably? And Sakura's resumed her pacing back and forth on the roof.

"*Mami.*" You look at the blonde. "*It... well, it looks like... OK, from the top. So you know about the inconsistency, right? Rin said that she was here to heal Miss Kato, but when we talked to Ishinomaki, they said she was dead. Well, when I asked Akiko about it, she... went odd. Started talking about Grief Seeds being security and a commodity and stuff. And Sakura just said that she was lying about Miss Kato; that she was there to snoop around and made an excuse to bring Rin along.*"

Mami purses her lips. "*Sabrina...*" she starts hesitantly. "*Are you sure this is the best time?*" She hastily continues, worry touching her eyes, "*I understand that you want to help too, but we're... supposed to be... in the middle of negotiations here.*" She glances sidelong at the University girls, and then quickly adds, "*Sorry, I know you want to help her, it's just...*"

"*Yeah, but if I can figure out what's going on with Akiko, then hopefully it'll render all this moot? I mean, she isn't stupid; she knows that *nobody*, least of all the University girls, can afford thirty Grief Seeds. So either she wants the war, or she's pushing for it because of... whatever hangups she has,*" you explain. You give her a smile, squeezing her hand lightly. "*And it's *fine*, Mami.*"

A slow nod. "*I suppose that makes sense,*" Mami agrees. "*I... she's had a bad experience before, that much is... obvious. Something to do with Miss Kato, and... there was a fight in Ishinomaki, before Miss Kato left. Maybe it's something to do with that?*"

**\[] Proceed with talking to Rin and Sakura
\[] Question Sakura
\- \[] About?
\[] Talk to the University girls
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Oho.
