# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 25

Ugh. This is such a *mess*. So many things -so many *people*- to juggle, Akiko and her underlings, Chouko and her friends, Kirika looking bored, Rin, and of course, Mami, still anxiously holding your hand under the table.

Alright then. Keep moving forward.

You rattle the fingers of your left hand on the table as you think. "Give me a bit of time, OK? I'm still working on it," you say out loud, glancing at the University girls. Yuko shrugs, while the Suzuki sisters nod in synchronization. "OK," Chouko agrees. "I... wish you all the best?"

"*Rin, Sakura,*" you say telepathically, and Rin's gaze returns to you, fidgeting with her black hair. "*Something's wrong with Akiko. You know that, right?*"

A soft growl from Sakura interrupts you. "*First of, fuck you, second, she's done right by us for years.*"

"*Sakura...*" Rin says.

"*Yeah yeah, she has her oddities. Who doesn't?*" Sakura says. "*Even *you* are pretty weird, witch-girl. More'n, y'know, your powers. You know that, right? So fuck you too.*"

...

Ouch.

Well, you can't exactly deny that.

"*Fine, fine,*" you say. "*But look, the negotiations can't work like this, if she's going to keep insisting on the Seeds.*"

"*Feh,*" Sakura grunts. "*You mean they won't get to a result *you* like, you mean. Hell, do you think she'll stick with it if she isn't the one signing off on it, anyway?*"

"*Miss Sabrina...*" Rin says. "*Akiko... is still giving me instructions?*"

"*Still the Seeds?*" you ask.

"*One moment-*" Rin replies. "*Sorry, yes...*"

"*Can anyone from your group take over for Akiko?*" you suggest. "*You, Sakura?*"

"\*Jesus fuck, \*no," Sakura snaps back, heartfelt. "*Me? Fuck no. And look, negotiations. You don't get to throw out someone because you don't like what she's saying, right?*"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Sakura's coarse, not stupid.

Holding the following in abeyance as needed:

Spoiler

\[x] Private telepathy. Sakura, now's the time to come clean. We can try to help her too, but we need to know to do that.
\[x] Also, could you keep an eye on Akiko's soul gem for me, Sakura? She sounds like she's racking up some corruption over there.
\[x] Tell Mami she's right, and that we're focusing on getting someone who'll listen.
