# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 28

You're tempted to give Rin a snarky answer. '*No, I don't*', maybe, or '*I hope so too*', or something else along those lines.

*So* very tempted.

Alas, this really *isn't* the time for it.

Instead, you look back at the University girls sitting around the table. "By the way," you say. "What can you tell me about the other two girls with Miss Hamasaki? Minami Yumi and Tanaka Tamiko? I know they're gravity control and force field, but... how do they use their powers, what are they like, that kind of thing?"

Chouko gives you a curious look. "Minami can fly, a bit, and mostly she uses her powers to crush things into the ground? She... I don't think she has much fine control. Um... she's reasonable. I guess. She's let us have... extensions before," she says, lips twisting, before nodding slowly.

"Still right behind Akiko when it came to attacking us, though," Haru says. Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Yuko grimace to herself, while Rin shrinks a little further, her shoulders hunching in.

Chouko shakes her head. "Well, yeah. But anyway... Tanaka... she's mostly quite defensive, but she can also use her forcefields to hit back. Hmm... I don't think we've talked to her much?"

Yuko shrugs. "I think she might actually be mute? I'm pretty sure I've never heard her speak."

"So there you have it," Chouko says, looking at you. "Why do you ask?"

"I'm... trying to feel out their intra-group dynamics," you say. "*Homura?*" you reach out for the time traveller.

"*What is it, Sabrina?*" Homura responds almost immediately.

"*What can you tell me about the Fukushima group?*" you ask.

A soft snort from Homura. "*Hamasaki called them in?*"

You sigh back, picking up your cup of tea, long gone cold. You take a gulp from it as you respond. "*Yeah. I managed to get her to back off for now.*"

"*From what I know of her, the easiest way to make her leave you alone is to just give her the Grief Seeds,*" Homura notes.

"*It's not exactly an option when I don't have that many, and neither can the University Girls afford it,*" you say sharply.

"*Hmm,*" Homura says noncommitally. "*The Fukushima girls... they won't be sending everyone. Akiyama Atsuko, Koizumi Sasami, Nishimura Moe.*" She pauses for a moment, before adding.

"*Right. Uh, this Nishimura-*"

"*Yes, her name is Moe, no, she isn't actually very moe,*" Homura says, cutting you off impatiently. A lesser person would probably be rolling her eyes. "*Their powers are... metal, light, and shadow.*" She pauses, thinking for a moment, before adding, "*If you fight them, be *careful* of Koizumi and Nishimura. The two work together very well.*"

"*Alright, thanks, Homura,*" you say, suppressing your surprise at *Homura* describing someone as dangerous. "*How's things, back home?*"

"*The shopping trip is done, Madoka is safe at home,*" Homura replies.

"*And Sayaka?*" you ask.

"*Still thinks that magical girls are*cool," Homura says, almost spitting the word out.

You sigh, taking another sip of your tea, and making a face at the taste. "*We probably need to do something about that at some point,*" you note.

"*Hmm,*" Homura says. You get the impression she would say more, were you face to face, but is reluctant to over telepathy.

"*Well, thanks,*" you say. "*And, well, as before - see you soon.*"

"*See you,*" Homura says.

Alright then. A call to Akiko. "*Miss Hamasaki,*" you say, putting your cup back down on the table.

"*Miss Sabrina,*" she replies, voice cold, but collected - not a hint of her earlier... madness? Was it even that? More of an inexplicable hangup over Grief Seeds and that Kato Setsuko than anything.

"*I would say that leaving negotiations unannounced is rather... unprofessional, wouldn't you?*" you let your annoyance bleed into your telepathic voice to match the frost in her voice. "*Might you share what you're doing?*"

"*Rin is my negotiator, is she not?*" Akiko asks. "*That's what I was told. And I'm still in contact with her.*"

"*Hmm,*" you say. "*We both know that really, *you're* the one negotiating. But that aside, what *did* you leave for?*"

"*I am engaging in talks with my allies,*" Akiko says.

"*Allies from Fukushima, perhaps?*" you ask, letting out a hint more of the bubbling annoyance you're keeping a tight lid on.

"*Yes,*" Akiko says.

"*What about, I wonder?*" you press. "*Miss Hamasaki, no matter how I look at it, I feel increasingly worried by your actions.*"

No response.

And that's not a good sign, is it?

Lamps around the cafe flick to life to drive out the encroaching darkness of night, and the tenor of the city shifts as the crowds throwing through the street grow more measured. A few more people have trickled into the cafe, settling in for their dinners.

"*Mami, Kirika, we may have incoming,*" you say to them. Mami sucks in a sharp gasp, looking worried.

"*Not here, surely?*" she says, sounding horrified. "*With so many people around?*"

"*I hope not,*" you say. "*A group from Fukushima just got here, it seems like.*"

"*Eh, we can take 'em,*" Kirika says, unconcerned.

"*We may have to,*" you say. And that's what you're afraid of.

You look around the table. "Please stay calm, but I think Miss Hamasaki might be preparing an ambush," you announce.

Shock, followed by fear, flickers across Rin's face. "N-no, she gave me instructions to negotiate, and she said she was just going to talk to them. I-I'll talk to Sakura, she'll listen to me," she says, words spilling from her mouth and tripping over each other.

Chouko grimaces, looking faintly disappointed, though it's overshadowed by weary resignation - an expression repeated three times over in the faces of her friends. "Are you sure about this?"

"No," you say. "I said that she *might* be. Please, stay calm."

The blue haired girl shakes her head slowly. "We... thank you for trying, Miss Sabrina," she gives you a sad smile. "It's more... than anyone has offered us before." The Suzuki sisters, and even Yuko, nod in agreement.

"So what will you do now?" you ask.

"If... Miss Hamasaki plans to attack..." Chouko starts, and then throws a sharp look at Rin. "*I suppose we'll see if... Fukui will still help us. And the Osaki girls owe me a favour. We won't give up without a fight.*"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Hmmm.
