# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 29

"*That won't be necessary,*" you say to the University girls, a tiny smirk crossing your face. A shame Homura isn't hear, but... one for the mental scoreboard, anyway. "*If Akiko decides to try anything, we can shut her down. Quite aside from what you girls can bring to the table... well.*"

"*You know Mami. One of the strongest and most talented magical girls *alive*. Kirika... well, she has some nasty tricks hidden up those sleeve ruffle things and me? I can and *will* yank *Soul Gems* if I have to.*" A feral smirk, one to match any of Kirika's, washes across your face. Some part of you is going to *enjoy* humbling Akiko, if it comes to it.

Chouko flinches at the sight. "*I see...*"

You lean back in your chair. "For now\... we don't actually *know* whether Akiko's going to start anything. It's just... well. She dropped out of communication after meeting... a party she hired for combat."

"You can say Fukushima, we know it's them," Haru says, rolling her eyes.

You shrug. "The point I want to make is that it's suspicious as hell and something to be concerned about, *but!*" You raise a finger to emphasize the point. "*But* there *could* be an innocent explanation. Maybe she just doesn't like my voice, or she can't focus on two conversations at once, or something."

Yuko snorts softly, deep purple hair bobbing with the motion. "Not likely."

Another ambivalent shrug. "Maybe. I'll give her enough rope to hang herself... but I'd really rather she didn't. For now\... I'm still working on it."

Rei glances at her sister, and then at you. "You have an *amazing* amount of optimism," she mutters.

"Eh," you say. You close your eyes, taking a deep breath and force back the bubbling pit of anger. When you think you can speak calmly to Akiko, you reopen the connection to her again.

"*It occurs to me, Miss Hamasaki, that I may have been going about things wrongly,*" you say slowly. "*Or rather, there are some things I neglected to mention.*"

Akilo doesn't respond for a moment, and your anger begins to bubble back to the surface again.

"*I will hear you out.*"

That's... *almost* a snub. Your teeth grind against each other for a moment, but you force yourself to reply civily. "*First, I am willing to offer my services to the Fukushima girls to help defray the costs involved.*"

"*Noted,*" Akiko says tersely.

You frown. That's not really like her, that you've seen. She likes her words. Distraction, annoyance, cutting off an enemy... You have no idea. Still, you forge onwards for now. "*Additionally, I spoke to the Ishinomaki group, asking for an end to hostilities. They said they would stop fighting in return for a *mutual* cease fire.*"

A longer pause this time. "*I am not interested in peace with them,*" she replies eventually.

*That's* interesting. You suppress your urge to lash out on that count - why the *frelling hell* does she not want *peace*? "*And about that,*" you continue on. "*What *do* you want with Ishinomaki?*"

Akiko's response is monosyllabic and cold. "*Redress.*"

*Redress*? Revenge, then? The same excuse that she screamed at the Ishinomaki girls, if couched in different terms? In that case, the-

A loud *flumph* behind you makes you jump. You twist around to see-

Someone opening an umbrella. Umbrellas appear as if by magic throughout the crowd, blossoms of colours ranging from black to white to blue to red. A *plop* draws your attention back to the table - a raindrop just landed in the middle of Kirika's plate.

Oh. Rain.

*Great*.

"Excuse me, dears, would you like to move inside?" the elderly owner of the cafe walks out, surprisingly sprightly despite her age. The rain begins to patter down, the lazy, fat droplets picking up in intensity.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Reminder to keep conversation to point form unless absolutely necessary!
