# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 30

You look around the table. No one seems to want to make the first move, so you look back at the elderly lady, and shake your head. "No, but thank you. We'll be leaving shortly," you say.

"Oh, sorry to bother you," she says, surprise crossing her face -probably at the foreigner speaking fluent Japanese- and bowing creakily. "Would you like the bill?"

"Yes, please," you say politely, glancing around the table at the others again. The University girls seem a little worried, gazes darting up to the sky and back down again.

The waiter returns, instead of the old lady, and each of you pay individually for your purchases. Quietly, you shuffle the marbles you'd scattered over the floor back into your bag.

"We'll move to a rooftop, or somewhere deserted...?" you say leadingly, standing and looking around at the University girls. "Somewhere within sight of Miss Tachibana's current perch?" You indicate the building where Sakura's still watching from.

"Miss Sabrina, we... if negotiations have broken down, then it would be better if we could get somewhere dry," Chouko says, throwing a cautious look at Rin, and then you. "We... I don't doubt your ability, but the rain *is* advantageous for Hamasaki."

"*Sakura, we're moving, thanks to the rain,*" you call. Fair warning, you figure. You respond to Chouko. "That's fair... but they haven't. Not *quite* yet."

Another simultaneous message to Akiko, as you leave the cafe. "*Redress for what, Miss Hamasaki?*" Mami walks close by your side, and Kirika follows a step behind with her customary grin on her face and hands slung in the pockets of her skirt, her plush toy bouncing as it always is at her side. Rin sticks behind you, and the University girls a step behind her as you all thread through the evening, umbrella-toting crowds.

"*Yeah, I see,*" Sakura replies to your warning.

"*They killed my- they murdered Setsuko,*" Her voice is suddenly a venomous, bubbling snarl, any traces of her usual pleasant demeanour gone even as she hastily substitutes a word.

You blink, taken aback.

Such a violent reaction *now,* but nary a hint of emotion when Rin mentioned the name earlier, you muse as the rain patters down. Perhaps because it's an issue closer to the surface now, perhaps because she was prepared for it back then, perhaps because... well, you don't really know. Akiko's mind is very much an impenetrable mystery to you.

Feh.

It seems... *familiar*, but you can't *quite* place it.

You let it drop for now, as you turn away from the crowds and walk into a dimly lit alleyway, preparing to bound up to the roof.

"*Rin,*" you say telepathically to the healer. "*Are you willing to patch me through to the rest of your group? Miss Minami and Miss Tanaka? And Sakura, of course?*"

Rin gulps. "*I shouldn't.*"

"*Please, Rin. I'm not seeing many more options here,*" you say quietly, coiling your legs under you and springing upwards in a violent surge of motion. You wince as a sharp cracking of concrete sounds behind you. "*I don't think I can convince Akiko to back down. And if I can't at least persuade your teammates...*"

You land on the rooftop, Mami touching down far more gracefully beside you, and the others a hair behind in rustles of cloth and the shattering noise of concrete underfoot from Kirika.

"*Rin?*" you prompt, turning to the healer as you all spread out across the roof, seeking shelter against the rain. You briefly debate using the mass of Grief you still have waiting two roofs over to make an awning of sorts, but you're not entirely sure if it's a good idea.

Rin looks agonized, torn by the decision.

A thumb against your Soul Gem makes wiping away the patina of Grief built up from your frustration and annoyance a little more literal than it usually is, and an object reminder of what you can do.

Rustling motion at your side is Mami poking through your sling bag, before she produces the foldable umbrella and puts it up, smiling at you and taking the opportunity to cuddle into your side while holding the umbrella up to shield the two of your rain. The University girls are huddled under a few of their own umbrellas, while Krika's ambled off to lounge under a little awning housing what looks like a pump. Rin... Rin stands out in the rain, hands twisting against each other as she tries to decide.

"*I... I shouldn't,*" Rin says, finally. "*B-but. Sakura? Yumi, Tamiko?*" The... *flavour* of the communication shifts.

"*Yeah, Rin?*" That's Sakura.

"*Mmm?*" "*Rin? You OK? We're working on getting you out.*"

"*N- I mean yes,*" Rin says. "*I... told you about Miss Sabrina? She wants to talk to you.*"

"*Hrrm,*" Yumi says, voice suddenly guarded. "*Miss Sabrina, I assume you're listening?*"

"*Yes, I am,*" you admit, ignoring a muttered 'fuck' from Sakura. Sun sets, rain starts, Sakura swears. Sounds about right.

"*Rin, you do remember what we told you about being professional, right? But that's for later,*" Yumi says. "*Miss Sabrina, why are you talking to us as opposed to our leader, or indeed, our designated* negotiator?"

"*I'd like to know something,*" you say. "*About what, exactly, is up with you girls and Ishinomaki. Miss Tsubaki and her friends, I can understand, if not condone - you *are* fighting over the same Witches, after all. But why Ishinomaki? Miss Mori doesn't know, and Akiko... is a little odd about it.*" That's putting it mildly.

"*She has her issues,*" Yumi says mildly. "*And I don't think they're relevant to a stranger. Especially not one ostensibly on an opposing side.*"

You grind your teeth. "*I am not your enemy,*" you say, as Mami slips her arm around your waist and gives you a one armed hug. "*I am *trying* to negotiate peace, god damnit.*"

"*True, and that's admirable, *and* I wish you all the best,*" Yumi says slowly. "*But Akiko is our leader. She does well, and we follow her. You should talk to her about it.*"

"*And you're willing to go to war time after time over whatever Akiko's... *hangup* is?*" you snap back. "\*Do you not have the slightest modicum of regret over that? That you wouldn't at least entertain the idea of trying to persuade Akiko to try \*peace?"

The girl -the gravity controller, if you recall correctly- sighs back at you. "*She's saved my life more than once. She keeps us... well supplied with Grief Seeds. I owe it to her to not go behind her back.*"

"*Then let me appeal to that loyalty!*" You feel like tearing your hair out, at this point. "*If something doesn't change, I'm going to have to do something about it, and I doubt Akiko will be on the winning side.*"

"*So be it,*" Yumi says. "*Sakura, don't.*"

"*Fuc- fine,*" Sakura cuts herself off.

And that's that, then. Rin gives you a dismayed look as the connection ends. The rain has long since plastered her hair flat in black streaks across her scalp, and she directs you a bedraggled, *terrified* gaze at you.

"*Akiko. Last chance. Peace *is* going to happen whether you like it or not. Whatever it is you're doing? Give it up,*" you state.

No response.

You sigh, and press your cheek agaisnt the top of Mami's head, closing your eyes for a moment and drawing comfort from her warm presence. "I'm going to go and find Akiko," you say out loud.

The University girls... suddenly look rather uneasy, if their stiffened posture is anything to go by. Chouko steps forward, biting her lip. "What... do you plan, Miss Sabrina? Should we... help? What do we do with..." she gestures at Rin, who shrinks on herself, eyes darting around nervously.

---

- [ ] What to do with Rin?
- [ ] How do you find Akiko?
- [ ] Write-in

---

I live.
