# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 31

Well then.

You close your eyes again, plans crystallizing and cascading through your mind in spinning drifts of thought. Mami's comforting warmth at your side, steel in her spine, and the pulsing sensation of the other, uneasy puella magi on the roof.

It feels like an age passes before you next open your eyes, gaze steely and steady even as your thoughts continue to churn uneasily. You straighten, and an effort of will pulls the masses of Grief idling on the far roof to you. It flows across in a cascade of deep purple spheres of varying sizes, and they settle into a wide, drifting orbit on the rooftop.

The casual display of power draws cautious, discomfited looks from the University girls.

You gently take the umbrella from Mami, holding it to the side, and you smoothly spin a disc of Grief into existence to take its place. The umbrella you hold out to Rin, who's soaking wet by now, hair and clothes alike plastered flat against her skin by the rain cascading down.

Her hand shakes as she accepts the umbrella.

Your gaze rakes across the University Group. "Transform, please," you say quietly.

Light strobes out across the roof, the familiar weight of your mantled coat settling on your shoulders, and another blaze is Mami transforming before she steps back to your side, arm winding around your waist again.

More novas of light flicker out across the darkness of the night as the University girls transform.

Rin doesn't.

Stark worry is etched on her face. Her gaze darts, fever-quick, across the University girls.

"Miss Sabrina?" Chouko asks, taking a step forward and tilting her umbrella back slightly.

"I'm going... *we're* going to need to go after Akiko herself, if this is to end," you say meditatively, mindful of Mami at your side. "This all hinges on her. So I will." Your gaze focuses on Chouko. "Miss Tsubaki, will you come with us? To confront Akiko? Will you *all*?" Your eyes sweep across Haru and Rei, and Yuko.

Chouko opens her mouth, and then closes it slowly, pressing her lips together. "May we discuss this? This is... not an easy decision."

"Of course," you say, with a small wave of your hands, and Chouko turns back to her comrades, the small cluster of umbrellas shifting. You eye them for a moment before turning to Rin instead.

"Rin," you say, voice still pitched barely loud enough to be heard over the pattering of rain off concrete. "I'm not going to lie. Things have gotten pretty serious. You're... at a crossroads, and you may need to make an important choice very soon."

The healer rocks back on her heels, looking like she's just been slapped. A spark of defiance flickers to life, and she glares half heartedly at you. "I know. I *know*. Y-you... don't have to dress it up in... dramatics, Miss Sabrina."

You twitch your head in a minute shake. "Perhaps. Things *cannot* continue like this. If your group is unwilling to listen to reason... then they need to be stopped. I cannot promise that this won't come to a fight. I'd like to say I could, but I *can't*. I promise I won't hurt them anymore then I absolutely have to."

*That* garners reactions from the University girls - a handful of dubious frowns, the Suzuki sisters swaying backwards and away from you.

Your gaze shifts back to them. "Would you be willing to-"

Mami sucks in a sharp breath, and with her cuddled against your side, you can feel her muscles tauten. "Something's wrong."

Tension suddenly skyrockets. Eight sets of eyes snap to scan the surrounding rooftops.

You can't *sense* anything, and you don't *see* anything.

But...

A low bubbling snarl that is Kirika, the girl peeling out of the awning and dropping into half crouch. Her claws, suddenly present, gleam at her sides.

Rustles, and a dull crack. The Suzuki sisters, a thick vine with its roots sunk into solid creak and slips of paper fluttering restlessly.

Chouko, delicate butterfly wings beating gently at the air.

Rin, looking terrified and miserable. Not even transformed. And Yuko, standing unseen behind her.

"*Mami?*" you ask.

"*I'm sure,*" she says, golden eyes scanning across the roofs. Her arm around your waist squeezes once, and she steps slightly to the side, holding herself lightly, on the balls of her feet.

"*Miss Sabrina, we're moving,*" Chouko's voice sounds in your head. "*Are you coming?*"

**\[] Go with them
\[] Prepare to fight here
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Time's up.
