# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 32

Time and then again to adjust another relative ass-to-ears ratio.

"*Yes,*" you reply to Chouko. "*Mami, Kirika, you heard?*"

"*I did,*" Mami says, and out of the corner of your eye, you can see Kirika nod sharply.

A sharp cracking on your right - Haru's vine uprooting itself as it snakes around her torso and arms, forming thorny, whiplike extensions.

You raise a clenched hand, and an accompanying effort of will forces the enormous quantities of Grief into solid, torso sized plates. Each one glows in your awareness, settling into drifting, unpredictable orbits around the blazing storms that are the University girls. And a handful more for yourself, and Mami, and Kirika. None for Yuko - highly visible markers of her position seem contraindicated by invisibility.

None for Rin.

"What are you-" Rei, looking nervous.

"Defenses," you answer tersely. You can see how she edges towards her sister - that's fine. You shuffle their shields together to form a single larger cloud of plates with the two of them standing at the center. "I can sense and block with... reasonable reliability."

"I... we mean no offense, Miss Sabrina, but I don't think that's a good idea," Chouko frowns, throwing you a glance as she moves towards the edge of the roof. "You don't know how we fight."

You grimace. "If you're-"

"We're sure," Chouko says. "We need to move. This isn't a good position to fight."

Chagrined, you pull the shields away from them, turning instead to look at Mami. "Mam-"

A magnesium white flare of light explodes behind you.

Stark, black shadows race out from your feet. Sharp relief against the rooftop.

Screams. Flash-blindness.

An enormous *impact*. A girl, standing where Mami was. Shadowy wisps lick over a black dress.

There and gone in a heartbeat.

Grief crashes against the rain-slick concrete a moment too late.

Mami, tumbling across the rooftop, limbs flailing in the slowly fading light.

The University girls, just beginning to orient themselves.

Haru slams her vine down. Living wood explodes into the air around her and her sister.

A *whump*. Shadow-girl slamming into Mami again, from the opposite direction.

An explosion of golden ribbons, Mami twisting impossibly. Shadow-girl -Nishimura Moe- is slammed face first into the rooftop, Mami's knee in the small of her back.

Chouko throws herself into the air, butterfly wings pumping. Clawing for height.

"*Move! Move move move!*" Chouko roars.

The roar of rushing water. A presence, dopplering in at high speed. *Four* presences.

*Vwwp*. Sakura, teleporting in next to Rin. A girl you don't recognize at her side - lanky, white and orange armour in sliding sections.

Yuko, moving unseen.

And an ugly *crunch*, answered by a clear, bell-like tone. A shimmering iridescent field, cracked down the center, appears before the new girl. Yuko's presence goes flying backwards.

A fast moving black blur -Kirika- hammers into the barrier with a feral scream.

Rin staring wide-eyed at the chaos. Sakura grabs her, and drags the healer's head down to her chest.

It clicks for you a heartbeat too late. You throw your arm over your eyes. "*Cover yo-*"

That magnesium-bright strobe of light again, bright enough that your vision flashes red even through your arm.

Another thundercrack of impact. Kirika's scream. Her presence going *over* the edge of the roof.

*Dam- MOVE!*

Instinct screams at you, and you obey without even looking. A bound straight up into the air is supplemented by your wings of Grief, billowing out from your back as Grief whips around you in a torrent.

Light, pure and focused, slashes across the rooftop where you were a split second ago. The beam lances across the roof, rain hissing into steam in its wake. Across the rooftop, a pair of screams - Rei and Haru. The light slices effortlessly through their growing fortress of paper and wood, charring and *burning*.

You slam a Grief shield in place of the beam, and whip another dozen into whirling, slicing buzzsaws. Angry sputtering as the beam fails to burn through your shield.

You spin, just in time to see Sakura appear on a distant rooftop beside another two figures, one almost *shimmering* with pulsing waves of light and the other with a hand to her head and the other outstretched. Sakura spills another girl onto that distant roof. A glance backwards-

Sakura took Rin.

*Damn*.

Masses of Grief roar towards them - you *need* to do something about light-girl. Sasami.

The booming of Mami's muskets on your left, the sound familiar and welcome. Shots ring out staccato, answered by the bell-like chimes of Tamiko's forcefields. You look over, a fragment of your attention directing the Grief on the attack.

Mami dives smoothly out of the way of a force field hammering forward, and *tugs* with one hand. Ribbons whip upwards and lean forward to slam their mass down on Tamiko. Mami continues her roll, musket forming in one hand, rising just in time for-

*Vwwp*.

\-Sakura's katana to smash into it. Mami *leaps*, releasing the musket and *kicking* it in a single motion that cracks the butt of the musket against Sakura's chin. The teleporter's forced to take a step backwards.

Mami *whirls*, snatching the rifle out of the air. And a shot booms out at Tamiko.

A warhammer crystallizes in your hand. Your wings fold, and you slam a massive, overhead blow down towards Tamiko.

An iridescent, fractured crystalline force field shields her from the blow.

You throw yourself backwards.

Your eyes meet Mami's golden ones as you clear her lane of fire. Steely determination and terrified worry and firm assurance passes in that one glance.

One presence burning in your senses, entirely too close. A frission of understanding between the two of you - you spin past each other in a motion that couldn't be smoother if you'd planned it.

A fraction of your attention on the Grief you sent after Sasami - the Grief is pounded off course by gravity strikes, but you snarl and force it forward.

More present threats - Akiko, riding high on a *wave* of water, flowing *through* the air in defiance of gravity. She crashes to a halt on the roof and drags the water around her in a spinning barrier.

You snarl, and hammer a spinning disc of Grief at her, and it punches clear through the barrier on sheer brute force. You have a split second to enjoy her shocked expression as she folds nearly in half around it.

You clench your hand tightly.

Grief deforms, and enfolds Akiko's legs.

You flip your hand and flatten it parallel to the roof.

Akiko whipcracks through the air. Concrete breaks under her back as you slam her into the roof.

Tamiko's body crashes past you, bound securely in a cocoon of ribbons.

You flip your hand again.

The bluenette swings the opposite direction, smashing face first into concrete.

You flip your hand *agai-*

Instinct, some sixth sense, has you turning. Shields of Grief snap up, just in time for another burning beam of light to *splash*. The backscatter is bright enough to glare off the brooding clouds above.

*Vwwp*.

You whirl on the water controller, just in time to see a flash of steel - a katana hurled at you. You sidestep sharply, a disc of Grief whirling up to block.

*Vwwp*.

Akiko's gone.

*Vwwp.* Sakura, new katana already swinging. You meet her with a warhammer, flash formed out of the air. You match strength against her - she's stronger, and your wrist bends inwards.

A mass of Grief hammers her legs out from under her - and she's gone before she hits the roof with another *vwwp*.

Her reappearance, meters away - and an immediate leap backwards. Chouko slams down feet first a breath later, and whirls to block a katana strike with her butterfly wings.

The sharp report of Mami's muskets, shots hammering towards Sakura, who darts backwards from Chouko and meets the barrage katana first. Sparks flash across the night as she parries the musket balls.

Every ball parried is Mami twirling and spinning and *dancing* a step closer, ribbons wrapping into a neverending stream of muskets.

An explosion of ribbons, slithering and tangling around Sakura's wrists and sword.

*Vwwp*.

Rei and Haru leap away from the rooftop. A glance lets you see ragged burns on them. Haru's arm hangs limp, and her sister supports her as they bound away.

An effort of will send shields of Grief whipping around them.

Actinic light blazes again.

This time, you're unlucky.

You scream, feeling like someone's jabbing ice picks into your eyes.

A thundercrack of a blow tears Haru from her sister's grip, sending her spinning into the alley below.

Kirika re-enters the battle, throwing herself bodily at Moe in the moment she's still.

The pair of claws flash under the light. Bright crimson blood flies.

Moe disappears again, speeding off.

Kirika lands on the rooftop in a low crouch, lips peeled off her teeth.

Chouko dives across the roof, coming to a halt beside a recumbent figure. Yuko - unconscious. When did tha-

"*Go! Go, go, go!*" Chouko roars, suiting action to words. She scoops Yuko up, and takes wing.

**\[] Follow
\[] Fight
\- \[] Focus
\[] ~~F~~Write-in**

\=====​

I *swear* I didn't design Tamiko to be an Eva. Or maybe I did; past me is an idiot sometimes.
