# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 33

"*Mami, Kirika on me!*" you bark. You face Sasami and Yumi on their distant roof unflinchingly - if Sasami does her lightbulb flash again, you'll deal with it. To the University girls: "*We'll cover you!*"

More distant figures, over there - Rin and Sakura and Akiko. Shrouded by rain and night.

Slabs of Grief, between you and them - a floating, shifting wall, table sized cards splayed in a defensive array.

You begin backing up until you're nearly shoulder to shoulder with Mami.

A distant, remote fight against Yumi. Whirling, slamming strikes with masses of Grief, pounded away by gravity fuelled strikes or sent gently curving away by the inexorable tug of gravity.

Chouko's voice. "*Miss Sabrina - Tanaka!*"

Who - Miss Unit 00.

An effort of will, a fraction of your attention. A sarcophagus of Grief slams over the cocoon of ribbons. And just in tim-

*Vwwp*.

Sakura appears, crouched next to Tamiko.

Mami's musket is already rising, and it booms out another shot, before she spins, legs kicking another musket into the air even as the first one clatters to a side, spent.

Sakura whirls, katana flashing into a parry.

"*Kir-*"

A black haired form cannonballs into the teleporter's side like a missile. Bloodied claws crash against a katana.

"*Kirika, antimagi-*"

An iridescent hexagon hurls her away.

Angry eyes glare from beneath a messy mop of orange hair. Tamiko - awake and still active despite her bindings.

Ribbons and Grief reach for her eyes at the same time to form a heavy blindfold.

As Mami piourettes through a dance-like step bracketed with musket shots, you and Mami share a grin over your shoulder.

Kirika comes to a halt, claws dragging furrows in the roof.

You *yank*.

Tamiko's Soul Gem smacks into your hand, a simple orange disc edged with white.

Every shot parried by Sakura throws blazing sparks into the night, forcing her back step by step as Mami advances. Kirika announces her return to the fight with a feral scream and a bounding leap into the air, descending claws first.

*Vwwp*.

"*Let's go!*" you bark at Mami and Kirika. You spare a glance for the University girls, already two rooftops over - Rei's supporting her sister, Chouko's butterfly wings pumping and Yuko in her arms.

The grief harassing Sasami and Yumi you pull back to you, one hand slipping Tamiko's Soul Gem into your pocket.

A twist of will, and Aurora's Grief Seed flies into the air before you as you bound for the next roof, Grief already billowing out of it in great, rippling torrents.

You grab Mami by the wrist, pulling her close to you, and a disc of Grief spins out beneath your feet, expanding rapidly.

A glance backwards.

Lambent, corsucating waves of light cascade over that distant figure.

You have a moment to realize. Grief snaps up between you to form a single, massive shield - and Sasami's searing beam of light splashes off its far side a heartbeat later as you and Mami speed away.

"Kirika!" you bark, swooping down beside her. The berserker looks up at you, and hops sideways, dropping to a kneel on the platform as you pour on the speed, blitzing after the University girls. Heavy pants are snatched away by the rushing wind, and both sets of her claws rest against the carpet.

The billowing clouds of Grief pouring out of Aurora's Grief Seed harden into a swarm of Grief blades, hundreds of thousands of viciously serrated diamond shapes surging out around you as they spread out, hunting over the rooftops in a massive, defensive swarm.

You feel Sasami's beam end, and you break your shield back into smaller discs. A glance back.

Sasami's alone on the roof.

*Damn*.

Catching up to Chouko. You call out. "Chouko!"

"Wha-" she looks back at you, powder blue wings still beating furiously, and almost slips.

"Come *on!*" you yell at her.

She winces, and shifts back, matching speeds gently depositing Yuko on the platform.

"*Rei, Haru!*" you yell mentally. "*Stay calm, I'm picking you up!*"

You can *see* their Soul Gems, in your Grief senses, clouded with a not inconsiderable amount of Grief. You drag it free, and let it congeal into a band that you gently wrap around their waist. Both of them promptly begin struggling.

"*It's fine, I've got you!*" you reassure them, bodily lifting them to the platform.

You release them as soon as you can, and they spills onto the platform with a cry. Mami moves to their side. "It's fine. You're safe now," she says reassuringly.

Walls, you need *walls*-

Grief folds up from the edges of the platform at your direction, guarding walls to block opportunistic shots or people from falling *off*.

You dip beneath the rooftop level, and pour on the speed as much as you can. No point giving them clear lines of fire.

"Kirika, you OK?" you ask, crouching beside her.

"Yeah," she says, giving you a weak thumbs up, her chest still heaving.

"Good," you say. "*Pull out your antimagic when you can. Especially if you can get Sakura.*"

Kirika answers with a fanged grin.

"Miss Suzuki- uh, Miss Haru, are you OK?" you ask, looking at the plant controller. Angry, *blackened* burns cover much of her torso, tracking down to her legs. Blood weeps from the burn wounds, cauterization torn open by Moe's attacks. She's lucid, though, angry green fire burning in her eyes as she sits up.

Her sister seems better off, her burns lesser, spread across her arm and half her torso.

"Yeah," Haru says. "Yeah, I'm fine."

Rei pushes her back down. "No, you're n-"

"I'm fine," Haru says, eyes determinedly not looking down at herself. Both of them are almost certainly suppressing their pain.

"And Miss Umeko?" you ask, gaze shifting to Chouko.

The butterfly winged girl shakes her head. "Unconscious. I do-"

Gravity slams you to your knees.

Slams you *all* down, to a chorus of startled screams and cries.

Your platform falters, as gravity tries to drag you down to the ground.

Two presences, further away. One vanishes. Yumi and Sakura.

A rushing noise, *above* you-

\-water. Water, in a torrential deluge-

\-*Akiko*. There and gone again-

\-fucking Sakura-

Blades, blades, she's in range-

\-and *gone*-

\-water, pounding down with piledriver force to drive you flat-

\-cold cold you can't *breathe* you don't *need* to breathe-

\-you punch gratings into the bottom of the platform-

\-the water drains away but the gravity *remains*, dragging you *downwards*.

Grief. She's in *range*, and that means-

You yank. Grief comes free of her Gem and enfolds her Soul Gem, *tearing* it from her-

\-the gravity on *you* ends. Gravity. Irresistible, inexorable - her Soul Gem stalls in the air, and she snatches for it.

"Sabrina!" Mami, tugging urgently at your sleeve, and pointing ahead, on the right.

Sasami, indentifiable by her ever-present glow, waiting on a building, half crouched.

The University girls -those not already down- throw themselves down. Mami's already raising her arm up to cover her eyes.

Your blades surge forward, weaving a massive shield of Grief befo-

The glow explodes into a supernova.

It's like staring into an eclipse of the sun. The deep, black penumbra in the lee of your shield, seemingly all the darker for the eye-searing corona of light blazing against the night sk-

*Wham*.

"*Sabrina!*"

*Wham.*

*Up*. She knocked you *up*-

*Wham*.

White hot pain in your side-

*Wham*.

Your *back*-

*Wham*.

Moe, blurring in the *shado-*

*Wham*.

The world *blurs*.

Black and gold, an explosion of ribbons.

Mami, her face completely pale, whites showing all round her terrified eyes as you tumble helplessly.

Wings.

Your wings flare wide.

A mass of ribbons snagged around Moe's arm.

Mami, *snarling* as she hauls on the ribbons in her fist.

The greasy sensation of antimagic, rolling out in a tidal wave- and Moe falls, almost dragging Mami off the platform before she plants her feet.

Under the direction of some cold, analytical part of your mind, the blades sweep in, deep purple almost unnoticeable in the night.

"*Tiro-*"

The first one takes her arm off at the shoulder, ripping through cloth and flesh and bone with disdainful impunity. The second one tears through her flailing leg just above the knee. The third on-

"*-Finale!*"

*Thunder*.

The massive impact slams the girl *through* the brick and glass of some building. She tumbles to a halt, a broken, bleeding heap, nearly torn in half at the waist.

Mami doesn't look. "Sabrina!" She frantically searches for you, head jerking as she spins on the platform. When she sees you limping through the air on your wings, slowly approaching, she sags in relief.

You wing over, and drop ungracefully onto the platform.

Her hand rises to rest gently on your arm. You smile at her. *I'm here.* You raise your hand to cover hers, and promptly scream in pain, an unexpected, white hot flash of pain shooting up your arm.

"She broke my *arm*-" you grit through your teeth, clenched tightly against the pain which you force back with *will*. You *wall* the pain away, shutting it away with magic as Mami looks on in helpless worry.

You grab her hand, with your working one. "Mami, I'm..." Not fine. "I'm *OK*."

Her fingers, slim and strong and warm, close around yours. They're shaking slightly, and you grip them, firmly. Slowly, the horrified look on Mami's face fades, and she gently closes her other hand on yours. You give another little smile. *I'll be fine.*

A small cough.

Both your heads jerk up, Mami colouring slightly. Chouko gives you an apologetic look, and says, "Um... Miss Sabrina, where are we going?"

You shake your head. "Away," you say. "It's *your* city."

Chouko grimaces. "They know where we live. N-no. Not really."

**\[] Where *are* you going?
\[] What now?
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

That was fun to write.
