# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 35

The avalanche crashes through the streets, a gargantuan *wave* of metal flowing and cascading almost like a liquid, sliding around hapless civilians in their cars, keeping pace with you in the platform. The mound in the middle *bulges*, convulsing with prodigous force.

You pull your head back with alacrity. And in the nick of time, too, as another massive blow slams full force into your platform, rocking it to the side to the accompaniment of more shrieks.

"Fuck!" Chouko screams as she bounces, one hand flailing as she grabs for the tumbling body of the unconscious Yuko. "Yuko!"

Golden ribbons lash out, weaving around the girl. "*Sabrin-*"

You're moving before Mami finishes. A twist of will, and handles sprout all over your platform, even while you fight for control and *speed* and *height*, rocketing up and away from the heaping mass of metal ripping up the streets in pursuit. Mami's ribbons wind around the handle, tying Yuko down securely.

"Agh," Kirika complains, grabbing tightly onto a handle. "The hell *is* this?"

Grief enough, in the form of blades and the shields you're already using against Miss Ramiel - you divert some into an array of meter-wide discs, overlapping to form a shifting, scaled bulwark to defend against Atsuko... you're going to call her Kuvira.

"Last Fukushima girl," you say tersely. "She's made some huge metal monster or something."

"Below us- on the *streets*?" Haru asks.

"Yes! But- we need to take down Sasami *first*," you say as you soar above the buildings, the brassy screams of rage dwindling behind you. "*Then* we go for Kuvira down there."

An enormous *crunch* below you, as a projectile shatters and deflects off your defensive plate.

Looks pass amongst the University girls. "Miss Sabrina, can you handle Sasami?" Chouko asks.

"I'm *going* to," you snap.

Chouko nods, and she shuffles across the platform. She places one hand against Yuko's forehead, and *pulses* magic into her. The girl's eyes fly open with a gasp, and she tries to sit up, struggling against ribbons which dissolve a moment later.

"Wha-" Yuko gasps, cutting off. Telepathy.

Another hammerblow against your defensive plates. You're faintly impressed - you're well past skyscraper height now, and Kuvira's still targeting you with absolute precision.

Chouko nods sharply, standing. Her butterfly wings beat once, lifting her clear of the platform, and she reaches her hands out.

Without hesitation, Yuko and the Suzuki sisters grab on, and they all rise effortlessly into the air alongside Chouko.

"Inco-!"

The trio, floating in the air, jerk away out of the *blur* of a projectile that roars past, tumbling with vicious speed.

"It's a distraction!" you yell at them. "Sasami's sti-"

The University girls abruptly rocket away, swinging erratically through the air.

"Sabrina!" Mami, pointing at a distant pinprick of light below.

Grief, already swarming and slamming into a floating wall.

Sasami fires.

And *misses*.

Chouko weaves through the air with blinding speed, preternaturally agile, the sisters and Yuko floating effortlessly at her side. The beam sizzles past them, steam exploding in its wake as it vaporizes the rain.

*Flight*. Her power is *flight*.

"*Get back in!*" you roar at them.

"*Can you handle Sasami?*" Chouko repeats, calmly keeping pace with your platform.

"*Sakura and Akiko are still out there!*" you say.

"*We *have* handled them before,*" Chouko says drily, swooping out of the path of another massive projectile blurring past - is that an engine block?

"*And Kuvira?*" you counter.

"*Not that different from a Witch,*" Chouko says.

"*There's a magical girl contro-*"

Chouko cuts you off. "*We're grateful. But we're not helpless- and she's doing a lot of damage down there.*"

You grind your teeth, but you can see the logic. "*OK,*" you say reluctantly. "*Good luck.*"

Chouko nods, and they zoom away.

"Damn it!" you swear.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"They want to be *useful*," you say sourly, pulling your platform around to follow the diving trio. They didn't even give you the opportunity to cleanse their Soul Gems. Plates of Grief shift, ready to defend - but they're opening up the gap. You raise your head above the walls, scanning the rooftops below. Sasami, Sasami, where's bloody Ramiel...

"Um... it's a sound idea," Mami says, moving beside you. "Four against one, three at worst. We take out Miss Sasami quickly, and then join them if they still need it."

"Wish I could fly like that," Kirika says brightly.

"Ugh," you mutter, still scanning the skyline. She *glows*, damnit, she shoul- *there.* Strobing beams blaze out from a rooftop far below as she takes shots at the erratically weaving Chouko. You're close enough to close on her, before Sakura teleports over, you hope.

"O-oh," Mami says, looking worried and uncertain. "I-I'm sorry, Sabrina."

"No, it's nothing you did, Mami," you soothe, grabbing her hand in yours and smiling gently at her. "I'm just... stressed."

Mami squeezes back lightly, a faint smile answering yours, even if the worry doesn't clear away fully.

"Kirika, same as before," you say. "If you see Sakura, drop her with antimagic."

"Got it," Kirika chirps.

One thing you'll give Chouko - she seems to be defying Sasami with impunity, every shot sizzling past with room to spare. She drops into an alley, and returns to the air alone. The metallic shriek of the Kuvira's construct bounces off the buildings towards you, and you can see it surging towards them.

"Mami, could yo-"

She's already moving, releasing your hand and pulling a musket from her chest with an elegant flourish vaguely reminiscent of a fencer's salute. She leans over the edge of your platform, musket shouldered, before pausing, and looking back at you.

"Take her out if you can, suppress her if not?"

Mami nods, and a thundercrack sounds as she fires, immediately pulling another musket from the air and shouldering it before the first one hits the platform, spent. Without waiting, she fires again, the shot booming out across the rooftops.

That distant, glowing figure jerks, and immediately throws itself to the side, evading Mami's follow up shots.

A continuous thunder of musket balls roar out as you close the distance.

Armour time. You concentrate. Grief flows onto your form, solid pieces locking into place to form a simple, smooth armour plates under your coat. The Grief ripples along your arms and legs, enclosing them in cool, comfortable plating. A small dome covers your Soul Gem.

Finally, a helmet - you briefly debate fully covering your eyes with a transparent plate made out of Grief, but decide against it for now. You glance aside at Mami, and she smiles at you, looking faintly quizzical. You return the smile, and then look back at Chouko, fluttering in the distance.

Weak, flickering beams of light lick out from Sasami's rooftop, intercepting some of Mami's shots.

*She's in range.*

You reach out and snatch at the Grief in her Soul Gem. It flies free, and wraps itself into a shackle around her Soul Gem.

She *shrieks*, loud enough that you can hear it.

A supernova of light *explodes* out from Sasami, and you scream as it sears into your retinas. You *force* the pain away, slamming slabs of Grief into a barricade hovering between you. You can see the beams strobing madly in your general direction, scoring across buildings and carving burning trenches into them.

Snap decision.

You rocket upwards, dragging the Soul Gem up as fast as you can, fast enough that you stagger under the acceleration.

Sasami collapses, a puppet with its strings cut.

Too literal. *Entirely* too literal.

You close your eyes and swallow. A slow exhale as the platform slows down, and coasts to a halt.

A moment later, and Sasami's Gem drifts to a halt before you, a light, smokey grey hexagon that you pluck out of the air without looking. You slide into your pocket to clink against the others.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks.

You open your eyes to see Mami looking at you in confusion and trepidation.

"Uh," you say. "Uh. I thought I might need armour." You rap your knuckles against your helmet, making a hollow clacking sound.

"Oh," Mami says. "Umm. OK. We should go help Miss Tsubaki and her frien-" Mami frowns. "We haven't seen Miss Hamasaki or Miss Tachibana." She pauses. "They're not attacking Miss Tsubaki, either."

**\[] Look for Akiko
\[] Help the University girls
\[] Try demanding a surrender
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Hmmm. Not attacking?
