# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 36

"They're doing OK, Mami?" you ask.

Mami nods.

"We'll drop by and give them a quick cleanse," you say. "Hang on!" You swerve sharply towards where you'd last seen the University girls. Even over the distance and the sound of the rain now hammering down, you can hear the sounds of battle, metal crashing and tearing.

Mami shuffles across the platform, and smiles at you, holding her hand out tentatively. Still anxious, still worried after she disagreed with you earlier.

You blink, and Mami's smile immediately falters, slipping fractionally.

Still worried after she disagreed with you earlier.

The bottom drops out of your stomach, a yawning pit opening. Your stomach begins churning uncomfortably, disquieting worry and self doubt settling in like a leaden weight to gnaw at you.

You force yourself to smile naturally, and reach out to take her hand. The Grief rolls back from your hand, letting your fingers rest against Mami's, and after a moment, she hesitantly intertwines her fingers with yours.

If you look carefully, you can see what might be worry in Mami's eyes, carefully hidden in the set of her eyes, and in the anxious smile she beams up at you.

You never intended to.

But you *did*.

Kirika giving you a thumbs up in the corner of your eye doesn't help much.

Mami cuddles into your side, leaning against you.

You swallow your trepidation for now. Now's not the time.

"*Chouko.*" Your mental voice is stable, thankfully. "*Ramiel's down.*"

"*Fighting-*" A pause. "*-Kuvira.*"

"*Do you need cleanses?*" you ask.

"*Later,*" Chouko snaps.

... well.

OK then.

You bring the platform -really, you could call it a fortress- to a slow drift, and Mami glances at you curiously.

"They don't need it yet," you say.

Mami nods, accepting that and smiling at you.

Instead, you draw the minuscule amounts of accumulated Grief away from the Soul Gems in your pocket -the Grief between you snatching away their Gems and full separation, you imagine-, and then turn your attention to Mami and Kirika.

Mami relaxes as you cleanse the golden Gem set in her hair, giving you a smile and leaning her head against your shoulder. Kirika flops over, flat on the platform, and grins aimlessly at you. "Thanks!" she chirps.

"Thank you, Sabrina," Mami says.

You turn your attention to your own Gem, wiping it clean... and there's perhaps rather more Grief than you'd hope there would be in there. You take a shuddering breath, trying to push aside your worries, and focus on the here and now.

Akiko, then. Akiko and Sakura, because they haven't shown their faces, and that's... worrying. To say the least.

"*Oriko, are you awake?*" you ask, reaching out telepathically. You're not going to go haring across the city, randomly searching for Akiko. Especially not with Sakura helping her.

A long moment. "*No,*" the seer replies, tone annoyed. "*What do you want?*"

"*Sorry. Is Akiko calling for more reinforcements?*" you ask.

Another pause.

"*Yes. She will be talking to... Miss Ueda.*" Oriko stops talking for a moment, but just when you're about to probe further, she continues. "*One of the Tokyo groups. Sakura brings her in.*"

"*They're still in Sendai?*" you ask urgently.

"*Yes,*" Oriko says. "*They will be... near the big radio tower.*"

You look around. You can see *two*, silhouetted against the night sky. "*Which one?*"

"*It has a bulge near the top?*" Oriko offers, after pausing to think.

"*Got it,*" you say, your eyes finding the correct one. It's not terribly far.

---

- [ ] Go in loud. *Now*.
- [ ] Go quietly.
- [ ] Help the University girls
- [ ] Write-in

---

Shorter than usual, but meh.
