# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 37

You huff out a slow breath, thinking. You can't take too long to think, either. But really, in the end... you're not stealthy. You have no idea how to *be* stealthy.

"*How long?*" you ask Oriko.

"*Forty... Thirty eight minutes,*" the seer replies instantly.

"*Alright, thanks,*" you say.

Oriko replies with a grumpy, wordless snarl, and closes the connection.

No, not much time to think at all. But...

You turn to Mami, smiling and squeezing her hand lightly. "Mami, how do we do this?"

"Huh?" Mami says intelligently to you, lifting her head off your shoulder to blink uncertainly up at you. Kirika lifts her head and blinks curiously at you.

"Akiko's having Sakura pull in a negotiator from one of the Tokyo groups," you say. "And they're going to meet somewhere over there, near the big radio tower." A wave at the structure in question, a massive, freestanding structure of steel.

An unpleasant thought strikes you, and you glance back at where the University girls are fighting Kuvira. *That* fight still seems to be going, though... you don't want to see what she can do with the metal of that structure.

You look back at Mami, and smile. "So what do *you* think, Mami? You're so much better than I am at this kind of thing. I, ah, I'm not stealthy. At all."

"I, um," Mami says, looking apprehensive. "Me?"

You squeeze her fingers between yours lightly, smiling at her. "Mami, there's no one better."

Mami takes a breath, and her doubtful look fades, a genuine smile blossoming in its place. "I won't let you down, Sabrina!"

You smile back, and pull her into a quick hug. "So, how do we proceed?" you ask.

Mami seperates from you, and stands up on your platform... fortress... really, you wonder if you should name this thing. Then again, maybe not. Or then again, considering Mami's propensity for naming things... Thoughts for later, maybe.

"Sabrina, that radio tower there, right?" Mami asks.

A particularly loud metallic bellow draws your attention away from watching Mami survey the cityscape.

In the distance, you can see an enormous mass of plants, a thousand wooden tendrils crawling over the sidewalk. Papers flutter around, at times drifting and at times roaring in in a flurry white, a wave of white flooding forward to smother and strangle, even metal warping under the strain. Paper and plant work to box in the towering mass of metal junk that's Kuvira's construct, trapping and swamping it under. Above, the powder blue speck that is Chouko, swooping and diving.

They've spilled out into the middle of the street, but at least they've contained the fight.

"OK," Mami says thoughtfully. "Sabrina, can you drop us on that rooftop there? Um, if that's OK?" She points, indicating a rooftop somewhat nearer to the radio tower in question.

"Of course," you say, launching your fortress into motion.

"They'll meet over *there*, I think," Mami says, indicating another rooftop. "So we're going *here*-" she points at the rooftop you're headed to "-where they can't see us, then we'll sneak in from the west side." She looks at you, hopeful and apprehensive at the same time.

"Sounds good," you say, smiling. You land your fortress -what's latin for fortress, anyway? Praesidium?- and dissolve it, along with your armour, packing it all away into the spheres of Grief. You look around at the tremendous amount of Grief you have, drifting in a slow constellation - *hundreds* of basketball sized spheres lazily orbiting you, deep purple nearly invisible in the night.

Mami follows your gaze, making out the spheres. "Umm... Sabrina, there's no way for you to get rid of the Grief, right?" she asks hesitantly.

"Not really," you shake your head. Well, there *are* - Kyuubey, or letting it disperse, but nothing that's immediately viable.

"OK, then, um," Mami says hesitantly, not meeting her eyes. "You'll need to keep it as far away from them as you can. It's... *hard* to sense, but I still can."

"Mami," you say, stepping close to her. You pull her into a hug again, ignoring her sodden clothes. "It's *OK*. I'm not insulted or upset or anything, and it's *OK* to criticize me."

"O-OK," Mami mumbles, sounding slightly relieved. Her arms rise to return the hug. "T-then... I suppose we're ready to go."

"OK," you say, tightening the hug for a moment before stepping back.

"Let-" Mami's face shifts to alarm. "Miss Kure, *wait!*"

Kirika freezes, her legs crouched to leap for the next roof, and her arms pinwheel comically as fights to keep her balance. She falls flat on her face on the rain-slick concrete of the roof, before rolling over with a pitiful sounding moan.

"Oh... I'm sorry, Miss Kure," Mami says.

"Nah, it's OK!" Kirika says brightly, bouncing to her feet again, and shakeing herself, sending rainwater flying everywhere.

... you have to bite back the urge to squeal over Kirika's adorableness.

"We're not roofhopping," Mami says. She reaches for the ribbon at her neck, and tugs lightly on it, and it unspools, winding around her hands like a living thing. A quick flick of her hand, and it lashes out, weaving itself across the chasm between buildings to form a bridge out of ribbons.

"Ah, clever," you say appreciatively.

Mami beams delightedly at the compliment. "If we roofhop, the motion catches the eye. This way, we stay *below* their eye level until the last minute."

You return Mami's sunny smile, and step boldly onto the bridge of ribbons. It yields a little under your weight, but you balance easily. As instructed by Mami, you send the Grief as far away as you can in the opposite direction, and let it stay there. Mami moves up, and squeezes around you. "Let me go first?" she asks.

"Sure," you agree. Kirika steps on behind you, bouncing lightly on the springy ribbons and sending the entire structure swaying.

Mami leads the way at a brisk pace, golden eyes constantly scanning the rooftops. Occasionally, she pauses to extend the bridge, the ribbons behind you fading away as you pass. Traffic and crowds hum in the streets below, the only indication of the chaos a few streets over the occasional emergency siren wailing past. Police, you hope, and not ambulances.

Kirika [hums](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAYhNHhxN0A) quietly as the three of you speed along silently, broad grin on her face. "Da-da-*dum*, da-da-*dum*, *da*-dum."

Your mind turns to deciding what you could do with Akiko if she doesn't capitulate. You'd throw separate her from her Soul Gem permanently, but some part of you feels faintly sick at the idea. You forcibly set the idea aside - you still have a *bit* of time to decide.

As you approach, you sense a magical presence on the far edges of your perception. Just one. Akiko? "They're there," you murmur quietly. "Or at least, Akiko is."

Mami nods, her shoulders easing slightly.

Two more magical girls blink into existence. "*They're* there," you add. "Mami, can we pick up the pace a little?"

"Yes," Mami nods, and shifts into a quick jog. The bridge bounces silently under your boots, and the three of you find yourselves balancing on a short span of ribbons pressed against the side of the building where the three magical girls are. You can *just* hear quiet voices above, though the constant drumming of the incessant rain renders it unintelligible.

Mami turns her eyes to you, silent question in her eyes.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Dum-dum-*da*-dum, dum-dum-**da**-*dum*...
