# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 38

You give Mami a quick smile.

Mami's hair is completely sodden, her golden drills hanging limp by the sides of her face. The incessant rain streaks down her face in runnels, washing off her costume - at least her costume seems to be as waterproof as yours. Despite it all, her answering smile is *radiant*, and seems to light up her entire face, her golden eyes crinkling in delight.

"*OK,*" you say to Mami and Kirika. "*I think we can finish this here and now. Sakura's teleport can be disrupted with pain. Mami, could you get your ribbons as close to them as you can?*"

Mami nods, raising her hand, palm out, and then she folds it into a fist, ribbons snaking out from her hand and creeping across the sides of the building, headed upwards.

"*Kirika, when I say go, you hit them with your antimagic, and keep going, and Mami, you get them with your ribbons. I'll grab their Soul Gems, Sakura's especially,*" you continue, shifting your gaze to Kirika.

The black haired magical girl nods cheerfully, her fang poking out from her megawatt grin undiminished by the rain plastering her hair flat against her scalp.

"*Ready,*" Mami murmurs, eyes focused *through* the brick walls to the roof as though she can see through solid brick and concrete. Tension hums in her posture, her hand clenched around a handful of golden ribbons and body half crouched to move in a hurry.

"*Ready!*" Kirika chirps, crouching in a ready position, too, wiry arms taut and claws flexingly slightly.

Three Soul Gems on the roof. Sakura just finishing cleansing her Soul Gem. The Grief Seed joins a handful of used ones in her pocket.

"*On my mark. Three...*"

You crouch.

"*Two...*"

Mami's clenched fist tightens.

"*One...*"

Kirika draws in a sharp breath.

"*Go!*"

Antimagic, that nauseating sense of *deadness*, ripples out from Kirika in a pulse that *screams* in your senses. It flows past you without effect, and you can feel the three girls on the roof already beginning to react, to *move*-

You make a jerking motion with your hands. From their Soul Gems, from their Grief Seeds flow their Grief, and you snatch at Sakura's and Akiko's Soul Gems. Manacles flash into existence around their Soul Gems and your tear them away from their owners, excess Grief flowing into a wall standing behind the third girl there.

Mami cracks the ribbons like a whip, the ribbons dancing to life. With the same flowing motion, Mami spins and leaps for the roof above.

Kirika bounds after Mami, her body uncoiling like a spring.

You leap after Mami and Kirika, just a hair slower.

Shrieks and wild flailing echo from the rooftop, three bodies suddenly cocooned in golden ribbons. Mami's shoulders surge, and she pulls, twisting hard and *hauling* on the ribbons in her hand, violently snatching the girls off their feet to dangle upside down.

Kirika explodes into motion the moment she lands, pushing off again and bounding *across* the roof in a single inhumanly long leap to crash into Sakura. The teleporter, already disoriented, is torn off the ribbons to slam backwards onto the roof. Kirika lands on top of her, claws poised in threat and lips peeled off her teeth in a vicious snarl.

Mami has a musket held lightly across her chest in one hand, the other holding a fistful of golden ribbons like leashes.

... well.

That was anticlimatic.

You walk forward to stand beside Mami, boots ringing on the concrete. Akiko and Sakura's Soul Gems drift to a halt in front of you, both trapped in solid shells of Grief. You stop pulling Grief from the Grief Seeds, instead settling what you've acquired into a loose orbit.

A twinge of discomfort - you're all but laying in the groundwork for yourself as a tyrant, you can't help but feel.

Still.

It's necessary.

You eye the Tokyo girl and Akiko, both of them hung upside down by Mami's ribbons. The Tokyo girl's slate grey eyes are wide in an expression of upside-down shock, but as you walk forward, shock slowly turns to appraisal, tinged with a healthy dose of *fear*. Her faded green hair, done up in twintails, dangle downwards towards the rooftop.

Akiko... shock turns to fury when her eyes settle on you. "No, no *no*!" she screams, thrashing and struggling in the cocoon of ribbons. Her face purples, and you don't think it's just from being hung upside down, either. Mami's ribbons hold firm, fortunately. "*No!* Not you!"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Textbook.
