# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 39

You fight the urge to shout, to gloat, at Akiko. But that would only paint you as the bad guy, wouldn't it? Even so, you can't help the wolfish smile that spreads across your face, a quick, satisfied flash of teeth. "Why 'not me'?" you ask, voice steady and calm.

An effort of will has her Soul Gem speeding away, as far away as you can send it. Idly, you bring the *masses* of Grief you've pulled over the course of the fight to a nearby rooftop, keeping it close by but out of sight.

Just in case.

Akiko shrieks, eyes wild and crazed. You're not even sure if she's actually reacting to you sending her Soul Gem away or continuing her apparent insanity. "No! I *must-* No, no, *no*!" She squirms wildly, thrashing like a maddened animal in her binding of ribbons.

"*Sabrina... d-do you know what's *wrong* her?*" Mami asks, mental voice wavering.

"*I have no idea,*" you respond. "*I- I'm going to knock her out by removing her Soul Gem.*"

"*H-her Sou- yes,*" Mami says, watching the bluenette's crazed struggles, looking faintly ill. "*Yes... That's p-probably for the best.*"

You move the Soul Gem to the very edges of your control radius.

Akiko slumps, going limp in her bindings. You frown - your way *works*, but it's a little inelegant. Something at the back of the mind suggests that perhaps a trip to Asunaro might be merited... But then again, no. You quash that thought for now.

You round on Sakura, still frozen under Kirika's weight. Her eyes, hard as flint, glare up at you. Kirika leans back slightly to let her talk.

"And *you*," you snap. "Your metal girl's throwing around a few hundred tonnes of metal *in the middle of rush hour*. Would you *kindly* call her off before she *kills* someone?"

"Fuck," Sakura grunts. "*Fucking* hell."

"And look," you say. "The sooner she stops making a *mess*, the sooner we can sort this out, and the sooner we can get your friends back on their feet."

Sakura's eyes go distant, and she grimaces. "Fuck. I'll try."

"*Mami, could you turn Miss Ueda upright?*" you ask.

"*Of course,*" Mami says, flexing her wrist. The ribbons bunch and twist, gently flipping the girl upright. Her twintails, completely soaked from the rain pooling on the rooftop, slap wetly against her sides.

You walk over to the Tokyo girl. "And who are you?" you ask her.

Slate grey eyes glance evaluatingly... apprehensively at you. "I am Ueda Noa from North Tokyo. Ma'am," she replies, tone cautious, almost diffident.

You wave that aside. "No need for that. I assume Miss Hamasaki requested your presence to aid in the fight?"

The girl, Noa, nods slowly. "Yes," she says, still in the same worried tone.

"Well, that fight's just about over," you say. "I'm Sabrina, just Sabrina, and this is Tomoe Mami and Kure Kirika."

"I'm... pleased to meet you," the girl says. "And I recognize the name Tomoe Mami."

Mami inclines her head slightly, regal smile on her face. Without showing a flicker of doubt on her face, she sends you a quick message. "*Do you think we should let her down, Sabrina?*"

"*Do you think she's hostile?*" you reply.

"*I... don't think so,*" Mami responds.

"*Hmm, OK,*" you say.

"Miss Ueda, I-" You're interrupted by Sakura speaking up again, still pinned by Kirika's knee.

"She's not fucking responding," Sakura grunts. "I can't fucking imagine why. Maybe because someone fucking took out her friends. Maybe," she adds, voice laced with sarcasm.

"Well. Thank you for trying," you say to Sakura. Simultaneously, you send Chouko a message. "*Are you OK?*"

When you look back at Noa, she glances back from Akiko's body to you with barely concealed worry.

Chouko replies promptly, voice strained. "*We've got this. Chasing her real body.*"

Real body? It takes you a moment to figure it out - she must have been controlling the metal construct from outside the thing, hiding nearby instead. Well, you'll trust the University girls, you figure. "*Got it.*"

"*I think we can let her down, Mami,*" you say.

Mami nods, and twists her wrist. The ribbons squirm, and gently set the girl the rooftop, the bindings drawing back from her.

Noa lands lightly on the concrete flagstones, the rain washing off her predominantly grey and green costume, an ornate set of scaled samurai armour, fitted to her slender form and covered with silvery filigree. Looking cautiously at you and moving slowly, she tries to wring the worst of the rain from her waterlogged twintails.

"Anyway. Miss Ueda, I apologize for the restraints. They're... a precaution. We couldn't be sure you weren't going to side with Akiko and Sakura," you say out loud.

She nods again. "I understand."

"Miss Ueda," you say. "Could you tell us what, exactly, happened?"

Her entire body screams worry, carefully holding her hands still, palms open in front of her to show that she's no threat. "Miss Hamasaki has previously suggested that she would like to request our help. Earlier, she... said that the need for help was... more urgent than expected, and she requested that we send someone to discuss terms."

She pauses, and then adds, "I... don't think we'll be taking her up on it."

"What did she offer, anyway?" you ask.

Noa presses her lips together. "We owe her a favour, and she was offering Grief Seeds, too. Not enough," she adds hastily.

"*Got her,*" Chouko's voice speaks inside your head. "*Kuvira's down. Hamasaki and Tachibana?*"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

This was an interesting vote. A bandwagon was overturned! That hardly happens.
