# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 40

"*Got them,*" you answer Chouko. "*Akiko's de-gemmed and Sakura's captive.*" A thought starts Akiko's Soul Gem moving back to you - you figure that's safe enough, since Akiko won't wake up until you actually touch the Gem to her, anyway.

"*Good. That's... good,*" Chouko says, sounding relieved. "*Where are you right now?*"

"*Near one of the big radio towers,*" you say. "*The one with the, the kinda bulge near the top.*" Akiko's Soul Gem halts in the air before you, and you pluck it from the air, before slipping it into your pocket to clink against the others. The motion draws looks from Noa and Mami.

"*We'll come over,*" Chouko replies.

You blink. Well, you were going to suggest that. "*Yes, OK. Umm... if you can, pick up any of Hamasaki's group's bodies?*"

"*What?*"

"*Are you planning on leaving them down?*" you ask tartly.

A pause. "*No...*" she says, reluctance hanging off the tone.

"*Collect their bodies, and we can discuss what to do with them at least?*" you suggest.

A longer pause. "*Very well,*" Chouko replies.

"*OK,*" you say.

You glance at the Tokyo girl. She's standing very still, and apparently trying to make herself as unobtrusive as possible, her eyes still watching you carefully. "Miss Ueda," you say. "Please stay for a moment? We're discussing how to proceed."

Noa nods quietly, eyes flicking to Mami and Kirika, then back to you.

"*Mami,*" you say, catching her attention. Golden eyes flick to you, a warm smile rising to her face despite the rain still pelting down. You return the smile. "*I'm thinking... we bring everyone to the radio tower and discuss our next move? And maybe we can get Sakura to help collect everyone?*"

Mami purses her lips, drumming her fingers against the barrel of her musket. She seems to struggle with herself for a moment, before seeming to steel herself. "*I... don't think we should bring Miss Tachibana in,*" she says hesitantly. "*I... I'm sure she'd make the process quicker? But I don't think Miss Tsubaki would take it well.*"

You nod. "*OK,*" you say simply, still smiling at her. You... for all that you've known Mami for a week, you've a lot to make up to her. For all that you've maybe been *alive* for all of a week, you have a lot to make up for.

Still. Thoughts for later. Always later.

Mami looks relieved, her smile returning, a skittish, eager to please thing. "*It's a good idea... what *are* we going to tell Miss Tsubaki and her friends?*"

"*They... just want their lives back,*" you say, sighing. "*The sticking point is Hamasaki, who...*"

"*There's something *wrong* with her,*" Mami says slowly, her face sliding into a troubled expression.

"*Yeah,*" you agree. "*I told you about her whole 'safety, security, commodity' thing, right?*"

"*You did,*" Mami says. "*It's... strange. I... I'd talk to her, but given the way she was...*"

"*Yeah,*" you grumble, huffing out a thoughtful breath.

"*Hee*eeeey," Kirika chirps at you, turning to direct a grin at you. "*You and your oujo decided what to do with Miss Wild Casey here?*"

"*Wild Casey?*" you say blankly. "*Sakura?*"

She stares at you with her uncovered eye. "*You never played Pokémon?*"

"*Poké... ohhh, gotcha, Abra,*" you say. "*The English version has a different name for it.*"

Kirika shrugs lightly, still staying alert. "*Meh. What're we doin'?*"

"*Well, I don't think we can let her go yet,*" you say. "*Because, well, she really *is* a wild Abra. Sorry.*"

"*Eh, 'kay,*" Kirika says.

You look back at Noa. "Miss Ueda?"

"Yes, Miss Sabrina?" The girl looks up at you. Her twintails, sodden and hanging sadly at her side, slap against her armour at the motion.

"What's *your* side of the story, anyway?" you ask Noa. "I mean, I know that Hamasaki called you in to discuss aiding her, but..."

Noa shakes her head. "There's not much to say. Miss Hamasaki's helped us in a... minor conflict, before. Almost a year ago? And as I said, she contacted us, saying she might need help in her own conflict, and then about half an hour earlier again, saying she needed us *now*," she says, before hastily adding, "Sorry."

"I see," you say neutrally. "Well, for my side... My power lets me control Grief. I can cleanse Soul Gems, and I'm willing to offer my services to you and your team, provided you don't use it to assault other magical girls or other... nefarious purposes." You smile self-depreciatingly.

Noa nods, digesting that quietly.

You can feel the University girls on approach, borne aloft by Chouko. Even from this distance, you can see they're burdened down with... a number of extra bodies.

Chouko hovers over the roof, releasing her power's hold over her friends, and they drop gently to the roof, all looking triumphant. Yuko flips a body off her shoulders to drop unceremoniously onto the roof - a girl you don't recognize, dressed in a loose, billowy dress of brilliant red and black. Akiyama Atsuko, you suppose. You prefer Kuvira, really.

The other one, laid more gently on the roof by the Suzuki sisters, is... Yumi's, you guess, from the state of her hands. You have an overwhelming impression of *grey* - messy grey hair falls over an elaborate, multilayered kimono of a lighter grey. Bands of bright orange trimming our her sleeve and sash are the only splashes of colour on her form - apart from the thick smears of blood from her lacerated fingers, anyway.

Yuko stares at Akiko's limp, trapped form, and a jubilant grin breaks out on her face, one that spreads across the Suzuki sisters' faces. Chouko's eyes are just as satisfied as she surveys Akiko's dangling body. She nods in satisfaction, before transferring her gaze to Noa. "Who are you?"

"I'm Ueda Noa, from North Tokyo," she says, carefully polite, still in that deliberately neutral position. "My negotiations with Miss Hamasaki fell through."

Now that you look more closely at her, there's something about the set of her eyes... she's too *controlled*. She's not *afraid* of you, per se? Or she *is*, according you the same kind of fear a loaded gun receives. Wary, evaluative respect for something you know damned well could kill. Determined to stay on your good side.

Chouko nods cautiously. "OK," she says. "I am Tsubaki Chouko, these are my friends. We... we're fighting Hamasaki."

Noa nods, equally cautiously.

...

"Chouko, what's the damage like?" you ask after an uncomfortable moment passes.

"We're fine," Chouko says, gesturing at herself and the rest of the University girls.

"Ah-" *I meant the city* "-that's good. How about the city?"

She shakes her head. "Quite bad. It's not just Kuvira - Ramiel did... quite a bit of damage to the buildings, too. I think Kyuubey's going to have quite a job covering this up."

Mami's jaw tightens at the mention of the Incubator.

"By the way, Ramiel isn't actually her name, is it?" Chouko asks.

You shrug. "Nope. It's Koizumi Sasami."

Chouko nods. "Ah."

"Anyway, more important things - I want to see if we can heal any civilians, and grab the rest of the girl's bodies," you say, gesturing at the two on the roof. Speaking of healing, you need to check in on Rin. You reach out telepathically for her. "*Rin?*" Mami walks to your side, and you shoot her a quick smile, which she returns.

Rin's voice is tired when she replies to you. "*Y-yes, Miss Sabrina?*"

"Are you a healer too?" Chouko asks curiously. "I'm not even surprised at this point."

"No," you say. "But Rin -Miss Mori- is." To Rin, you say, "*Hey, are you OK?*"

"Hmm," Chouko says, frowning slightly. "That's... your perogative," she allows slowly. "Can we... settle Hamasaki first?"

"*What's going to happen to me now?*" she asks quietly.

"Hmm," you temporize. You continue talking to Rin, trying to inject reassurance into your tone. "*Nothing, if I have anything to say about it.*"

"*Hmmm,*" Rin says. Something about how she says it conveys an overwhelming sense of weariness.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Hmmm.
