# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 41

"I... I don't think so," you say, meeting Chouko's eyes. "She's probably going to have to wait for last... she was *literally* shrieking mad just now, and I had to, ah, disconnect her. Once she wakes up... well, yeah. She's only going to get madder and more incoherent."

To Rin, you say, "*Rin, are you OK? Could you come over, or would you like us to come get you? There's a lot of injured people in the streets, and we'd really appreciate your help.*"

Chouko grimaces, looking dubious. "Hamasaki? Miss Ice-in-my-veins?"

Rin sends you a sigh. "*Sure,*" she says tiredly. "*On my way. Where are you?*"

"Yeah, I know," you say. "But there's people in the streets who might be *dying*, who need our help for now." Telepathically, you tell Rin, "*The nearer radio tower, with the bulge near the top.*"

"You realize that we only have one healer?" Chouko says, frowning. "And we can't do this quietly?"

"*On my way,*" Rin says.

"Fuck doing it quietly, fuck hiding it. That's Kyuubey's problem," you say flatly. "And we're all faster and stronger than civilians. We can bring people to Rin to heal. Miss Ueda-" you glance at the Tokyo girl, "-are you willing to help? And do you have plans to return home?"

"Yes," she answers. "Yes, I'll help. And I don't... Miss Tachibana was supposed to return me."

"Alright," you say. "*Mami, how long do you think we'd take to get to Tokyo, if we needed to drop her off?*"

"*Umm... maybe an hour? Two?*" Mami says.

"*Oh. Longer than I expected,*" you reply.

"Well," you continue. "If need be, I'm willing to send you back personally."

Chouko still looks uneasy, watching the byplay. "Miss Sabrina, are you sure we should be doing this? Stopping Kuvira is one thing, yes, but this... is something else."

"People are hurt," you say simply. "In part because of us, our fights."

"Fine," Chouko says. "Girls?"

Yuko lets out a breath. "Yeah," she says. "It's a good idea, and we can aff- Miss Sabrina, our Soul Gems..."

You nod. "I was just about to offer. Is everybody OK with this? Miss Ueda, you too? Cleansing, I mean. I can cleanse your Soul Gem."

At the chorus of agreement and nods, you raise your hand, and a casual wave has Grief rippling away from the array of Soul Gems - the University girls', Noa's, Mami's, Kirika's, Sakura's, and your own. You absently check the Soul Gems in your pocket, but they don't seem to have accumulated any noticeable corruption.

Noa shakily raises her own Soul Gem to her eye level, looking closely at the turqoise gem with some disbelief.

"Anyway, we're waiting for Miss Mori, but is everybody fine with not being healed yet, so that we can get to the civilians first?" you say, eyeing the Suzuki sisters.

Haru and Rei exchange glances. "We're fine with it," Rei says.

"Alright, then we'll move as soon as Rin gets here," you say. You can already sense her approaching, hopping over the roofs.

Rin arrives a moment later, landing smoothly from a long bound. She looks... careworn, as if she's aged a century since you'd last seen her. The healer looks at Akiko's dangling form, then at Yumi, collapsed on the roof, and the burns on the Suzuki sisters.

Her eyes pass over Sakura, and she takes a step towards her friend, aborting it midmotion and glancing at you.

You sigh. "Let her up, Kirika," you say. You've still got her Soul Gem, and she's outnumbered, in any case. Kirika bounces lightly to her feet, and Sakura slowly pushes herself up, giving you a glare. Rin walks over, and they look at each other - having a telepathic conversation.

"Anyway," you say. "Can we get moving? We need to move fast to save lives." A fraction of your will has Grief flooding on to the roof, forming a platform to scoop up Yumi and Atsuko's bodies. Without prompting, Mami twitches her wrist, laying Akiko's body on it too. Noa gives the platform and the unmoving bodies an uneasy look.

"Alright, everyone who can't fly, hop on," you say, suiting action to words. Though technically, you yourself can fly, so you're not *quite* following what you say... that's not exactly relevant right now.

Mami hops up behind you, smiling softly at you, and Kirika bounds up too, turning to give Sakura an evil glare. The teleporter glares right back, and reluctantly steps onto the platform, Rin following a moment behind.

"I, ah..." Noa says, still looking uncomfortable. "We just need to help search and rescue, right? We should spread out." She gestures at the nearest stretch of torn up road.

You pause. "Yeah, OK," you say. "Spread out, keep in contact by telepathy, call out the worst cases, bring them to Rin if not?"

A nod from the Tokyo girl, and the University Girls, too.

"Alright," you say. "Let's go."

The platform lifts off the roof, and heads towards the nearest damaged stretch of road. Behind you, the girls exchange looks, before hopping off the roof, also headed in towards the... disaster area.

Closer in, you can see the extent of the damage. The roads are completely torn up in the wake of Kuvira's construct passing, and while she avoided the cars, there's... a few crashed into each other, in the chaos of her passage. A few pedestrians lie at the sides of the street - trampled in the crush of people trying to get away?

You sigh. Time to get to work. You set down nearby, waving everybody off, and loft the platform up towards the rooftop level to shadow you indiscreetly. Rin looks around, face pale, and darts over to the nearest person, pressing a hand to his chest. Sakura throws you a glare, and follows protectively.

You see a man in the bright orange of a firefighter's costume standing next to a car, and you dart over, Mami close behind. "What's-" Before the word properly leaves your mouth, though, you can already see the problem - the car's roof is crumpled in, jamming the door shut, with the driver slumped against the cracked window, and someone in the passenger's seat. They'd need special tools to get it open - and he's probably waiting for just that.

The firefighter double-takes at your appearance. "Miss, I thin-"

"We're here to help," you say calmly, shouldering past the man. You call Grief to your hand, forming a deep purple blade you rapidly slice around the car door. You brace yourself, and with a grunt of effort, heave the door entirely off the car.

Mami steps forward, ribbons flowing smoothly out to wrap around the driver and his passenger - a young man and woman, possibly a couple?. Her ribbons move far more dextrously than any human hand could, gently rearranging their limbs to extract them.

The fireman stares, his lips moving in what looks like a prayer, before shaking the stupor off. "Lady spirit, please, be careful of their necks." Mami nods, and the ribbons wind up around their bodies, easing them carefully out of the car.

He steps forward as Mami gently lays them on the ground, barking location information into his radio, before glancing at you. "Lady spirits, please, the road by block 37 needs the help more. Two blocks that way. They can't get the trucks in."

You nod sharply, looking at Rin and Sakura, heaving a man up across the street. You gesture at them, and take off at a run.

Pelting footsteps behind you - Rin and Sakura. You can see the emergency vehicles drawn up ahead, emergency lights flashing, and you blow right past the barricades.

This is the area you took out Moe. Up above, you can see the hole torn in the side of the building from Moe being smashed into the building. Scorched trenches are scored deeply into the side of that same building - Sasami's beams, going wild, and rubble fills the street.

The people trying to impede you *stop* trying when you and Mami bodily heave a car out of a wall, exposing the driver-side door, and Rin slaps a hand against the driver's hand, the deep lacerations on his chest and arms closing up.

"*Sakura,*" you say as you work.

"*Fuck you,*" she says, seemingly on reflex.

"*Are you willing to work around Akiko? Because I'm still willing to help you, if you stop your extortion racket and other... such business.*"

Three presences, incoming over the rooftops - Chouko, flying the Suzuki sisters, in turn gently carrying two bodies. They land near Rin, who heals them and waves in paramedics with stretchers.

"*Fuck,*" Sakura says. "*We fucking lost, I get that. I'm still not the person to fucking talk to.*"

"*Akiko bloody well needs help. You saw how she was acting earlier,*" you say evenly. You glance up at the building where you know Moe's body is.

A long pause, this time. "*Fuck.*"

"\*Do you have any idea \*why?" you ask. A corner of your mind directs Grief in towards the building. You remember roughly where her body fell, you think, and you scoop it up a moment later.

"*Her fucking Wish,*" Sakura snaps. "*Her fucking Wish, OK? She made her Wish for Setsuko.*"

A chill goes down your spine, even as your body keeps moving, working to heave aside a chunk of rubble. "*Can you explain in more detail?*"

"*Jesus fuck,*" Sakura growls. "*Back when everything was all fucking sunshine and rainbows and we didn't fucking know better, it was just four of us. Yumi, Setsuko, me, and Izumi. Akiko fucking crushes on Setsuko, and goes and makes a fucking wish for her. Got that?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say slowly. Yeah. Yeah, you think you do.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Just a note - updates may be a little sporadic next week. Uni's starting again, so first week rush and all that. Huzzah.
