# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 42

"*Miss Sabrina, could I request a cleansing?*" Rin's voice intrudes in your little reverie.

"*Of course,*" you say, looking around and catching Mami's eye. You gesture over at Rin, and she nods in understanding. You crouch slightly, and push off the ground powerfully. Sheets of rain wash off your billowing longcoat as you soar over the torn up road, ripped up by the passage of literal tons of metal. Why had Kuvira even passed by here, anyway? Had she been looking for where Moe fell?

You remember what you did to her, Grief blades shearing effortlessly through cloth and flesh and bone, and Mami's strident, furious call of '*Tiro Finale!*'. And you think of her broken body, scooped up on your platform of Grief.

A problem you know that you can solve, and a problem for later.

You crash to a landing beside Rin, kicking up gravel and flecks of muddy sand. Chouko's there, cradling a young man in her arms. It makes for an odd tableau, a butterfly winged girl with a long braid, effortlessly holding up someone who must weigh nearly twice what she does. Rin steps forward, hands already glowing with magic, before nodding sharply. Chouko turns, deposits the man into a waiting stretcher, and launches herself skyward as an awed looking medical worker wheels the man away.

Rin turns her gaze to you, her expression a little lighter than it was earlier despite her obvious weariness. You smile encouragingly at her. She tips her Soul Gem towards you, and you draw away the darkness swirling within with a gesture. "*Doing OK?*" you send to her.

"*Yes,*" she says, as the paramedic returns hesitantly with a fresh stretcher, ready for the next casualty.

"*Good to hear,*" you reply, turning to return to the work.

"*Sakura, Rin,*" you say, reaching out to the both of them as you work alongide Mami to pull aside more of the torn up street.

"*Fu- yeah?*" Sakura replies.

You take a shuddering breath, bearing another person to the edges of the wrecked zone, careful to avoid jostling what might be a fractured collarbone. Nasty injury, that, and you're glad the woman's unconscious.

"*I want this to end well for you girls, too,*" you tell them. "*That was, and remains, true. But things need to change. If you're willing to cooperate, to *work* with other groups, and not follow Akiko's... quixotic madness, I still want to help you. What do *you* want?*"

There's no response, the silence lasting for long enough for you to reach the triage area by a group of ambulances, illuminated harshly by emergency floodlights that catches the falling raindrops. You carefully lower the woman to a wheeled stretcher waiting for you. The paramedic, a weathered looking, older man, gives you a nervous bow before wheeling the woman away.

Finally, Rin sighs. "*Peace sounds good.*"

"*Yeah, I guess,*" Sakura says. "*Fuck. Look, try and understand our fucking position. Akiko's a fucking good leader, right? She's kept us good with Grief Seeds for fucking years.*"

You trot back to join Mami in heaving aside an overturned car. Apart from small splatters of blood, there's nobody still inside, something you heave a quiet sigh of relief over. "*Oh, I get that,*" you say pleasantly. "*I'm still willing to let it slide. Hell, the University girls said they're willing to let it slide, *if you fucking leave them alone.* Means leaving the Ishinomaki girls alone, too.*"

"*Jesus fuck, Akiko'll never go for it,*" Sakura mutters.

"*I-*" Rin pauses. "*If that's the case... I think she should *follow*, instead of leading.*" Uncharacteristic steel rings in her voice.

You look at her over your shoulder in surprise, and emerald green eyes meet yours, her chin rising defiantly. Your eyebrows rise, and you give her a slow nod of acknowledgement.

"*Hmmm,*" you say. "*Can't say I disagree. On the subject of Akiko... what can you tell me about Setsuko, anyway?*"

Sakura grunts in irritation. "*What's to say? Pretty, in that... bishie kinda way. She was... cool.*"

"*No, I mean, how'd she disappear, that kinda thing,*" you say.

"*Fuck,*" Sakura mutters. "*Look, I don't know, OK?*"

You look around, and see her using her katana so carve her way into a car. She meets your eyes, and speaks directly to you.

"*Rin doesn't know the fucking story,*" Sakura says without preamble, poking her head into the car to check. "*And I'm not fucking tellin' her Akiko told us to lie to her.*"

"*Alright,*" you say. "*She won't hear it from me.*" Privately, you think that she's not very good at this whole subterfuge thing, what with Rin watching the two of you.

"*Akiko made her fucking wish. Everything's peachy,*" Sakura says, the words rattling out as fast as she can say them. "*Setsuko doesn't fuckin' return the crush, but Akiko... I don't fucking know, is happy just to be around her, and she's pretty damned fucking good at hunting and negotiating and stuff. So yeah. Then one fucking fine day Izumi ups and fucking gets eaten. Setsuko runs away, Akiko runs after. A couple days later, Akiko comes back alone and here we fucking are.*"

"*That... a few days, you say?*" you muse thoughtfully.

"*Yes, a few fucking days. A week. Something like that. Before you fucking ask, I don't fucking know, OK,*" Sakura says. "*Akiko's the only one who fucking does, and good fucking luck there. Only thing *I* know for sure is that that's the fucking point she starts going full fucking tilt against Ishinomaki.*"

You sigh. Not as helpful as you'd hoped. Lots of sighing to go around, lately... "*Thanks,*" you say.

"*Fuck you. It's not like I'm doing it for yo-*" Sakura stops midsentence, realizing what she's about to say. "*Shut the fucking hell up. I'm *not* doing it for you. Just... Fuck. I saw how Akiko was fucking acting earlier, too.*"

"*Mm,*" you say. You close your eyes, thinking for a moment. You hear soft footsteps behind you, and feel a light touch on your shoulder. It's Mami, a worried, questioning look in her eyes. You smile reassuringly at her, and step close to bump your shoulder against hers. "I'm OK. Just thinking."

Mami smiles back. "About the Sendai girls?"

"Yeah," you agree. "Them, the University girls, the Fukushima girls... and about the future," you say truthfully. You can't shake the corner of your mind that thinks that daydreaming about experiments and the Incubator's methods and so forth is a fine idea.

"I'm sure you'll figure out something, Sabrina," Mami says, her belief in you almost a tangible thing as she moves off to check another car. You fall in step beside her, walking close to her.

"Thank you, Mami," you say. She beams at you, smile undiminished by the rain continuing to pelt down.

The street seems clear, now. Not *that* many crashed or trapped cars, or people.

More than you'd like, in any case.

You walk over to the triage point. "Where else needs help?" you ask the first medical worker you come across.

The medical worker, a stocky, stolid looking woman, shakes her head. "Ma'am, you girls have been a great help... we couldn't ask for more."

"But is there anywhere else that needs help?" you ask, a little more insistently.

"No, ma'am. We can take it from here," she says.

"Alright," you say, nodding.

Hesitantly, the woman bows deeply in response, before straightening and giving you a crooked smile. "My daughter loves magical girl shows. She'll be thrilled when I tell her you're real."

You grimace a little. "Tell her not to trust talking white cats, if she sees one." If you remember this, you add mentally.

You take a breath, and reopen your mental communication to Rin and Sakura as you walk away, gesturing at . "*Well. Moving on. Rin, you suggested Yumi as a substitute a while earlier... Do you think that's still on the table?*"

Rin looks up at you, then Sakura. Sakura responds. "*Yeah. Yeah, maybe. Look, bigger question isn't who's gonna lead, it's what's going to happen now.*"

You sigh again. "*Point taken. And hey... For what it's worth, I never wanted it to come to this. I just wanted the war to stop before anyone got killed.*"

Sakura grunts. "*You think we did?*"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Reminder again. Points, not specific phrasings!
