# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 43

Alright then. You take a deep breath. "*When we're all done, we'll meet back up on that roof earlier,*" you send out telepathically to all the girls here.

"*Right,*" Chouko replies, on behalf of the rest of the University girls.

"*On my way,*" Noa says.

"*Yeah, yeah,*" Sakura says. "*I gotta fucking go with you, don't I?*"

Rin looks at you, and simply nods, while footsteps splashing through the rain puddling on the broken road behind you is Kirika walking up, her smile a little faded. Mami, of course, is at your side, ready to follow you.

"OK," you say to the small group here. "I'm going to wing by to pick up Koizumi's and Tanaka's... bodies, first. So let's go."

You lead the way to the rooftops, Mami following beside you, Kirika a step behind. Sakura and Rin aren't too far behind, either, as the five of you bound across the city, cutting through the falling rain and darkness. From this elevation, you can see the path Kuvira... Atsuko... took through the city, obvious by the torn up roads. She'd travelled maybe a few kilometers.

Emergency lights are visible far below on the streets, now pulling away from the disaster area. That's... somewhat reassuring, you think - it means that the worst is over, and the immediate casualties have been recovered, right?

You swing past the carnage, and you pass the rooftop where you'd first been ambushed. A neat pair of vaguely Akiko-shaped craters in the concrete there, trenches melted into the flagstones here, Tamiko's body still lying there, encased securely in Mami's ribbons.

You scoop up the body without pausing in your run, immediately hanging direction and heading for where you remember Sasami fell.

...

It's kinda morbid, really. You glance back at the platform you've got shadowing you still, essentially a flying mausoleum. Or meat wagon. They're not actually *dead*, true, but you're carting around a whole bunch of inanimate bodies. That's morbid no matter how you slice it.

Yep.

You've got an enormous amount of Grief chasing you, too, at a guess, enough to pack a small room solid. Some from Hildegarde's Seed, some stolen from Akiko's and Sakura's Grief Seeds, some from cleansing... there's a *lot* of it, all told, and you're probably going to have to do something about it later.

Always with that word.

Eh.

When you crash to a landing on that roof near the radio tower -an office building, it looks like- you find that the University girls and Noa are already there, avoiding looking at each other and impatiently awaiting your arrival.

"Hello, and sorry, I had to go and pick up Tamiko and Koizumi," you say. Unit 00 and Ramiel, in other words. There's almost certainly some kind of joke in there.

Chouko nods. "We understand," she says.

"Alright," you say. "Rin, could you heal the injuries? *Everyone's* injuries?" you ask, gesturing at the Suzuki sisters. Absently, you form the Grief under your control, all of it, into spheres that you set orbiting the roof, deep purple orbs glinting as they catch the light reflected up from the streets below.

"Yes," Rin says quietly. She starts forward, summoning the now familiar emerald glow of her magic to her hands. "May I?" she asks, gesturing at Haru's burns.

"Yes," the white haired girl says, still eyeing Rin suspiciously. She looks like she's about to add something, before deciding the better of it.

You nod in satisfaction. "While that's happ-" a particularly fat raindrop smacks onto the bridge of your nose, and you blink in annoyance. "Mami, um, could you put up an awning?" you ask, softening the request with a quick smile.

"Of course, Sabrina," she replies, raising her hand. Golden ribbons explode out, anchoring themselves in the four corners of the roof and weaving together overhead into a arched canopy that sheds the rain effortlessly.

You give Mami an appreciative smile, and she smiles back.

Rin finishes up with Haru, and turns to Rei. The plant controller inspects herself, before grudgingly nodding her approval.

You start again, mainly addressing Chouko and Noa. "Anyway, as I was saying. Now that all the fighting is done... I suggest that we wake them up, Hamasaki excepted, to talk this out."

Yuko, prodding at her freshly healed arm, looks up at you. "Why should we? We *won*."

"I doubt you want to kill them, or leave them as pieces of jewelry, so..." you shake your head.

"Maybe we should!" she says, but there's no real heat in her voice, and neither does she meet your eyes.

"I agree with Miss Sabrina," Chouko says, speaking slowly. "Can I request that they be restrained while we do so?"

"Yes, I was thinking just that," you agree. "But we *are* going to have to release them eventually. Not much of negotiations if one side's tied up."

Chouko nods slowly.

"Are there any more injuries?" Rin inquires, stepping back from Kirika, who grins happily at her.

A chorus of negatives, all around, and you shake your head.

Mami touches you on the shoulder. "Sabrina, your arm," she says, looking alarmed.

Your...

Your arm.

You'd forgotten about it.

You raise your arm, shaking back the sleeve of your long coat and undershirt to display it, an ugly, mottled mass of dark bruises. Internal bleeding from a broken bone. You hold it out to Rin.

You don't even feel it, having shoved the pain into some dark corner of your mind.

Mami hisses out a sympathetic breath, her hand tightening on your shoulder. Rin clicks her tongue disapprovingly, and plays her healing light over your arm, bruises fading and bone shifting in a distinctly disquieting manner under your flesh as she does so.

While she does that, a twist of your will brings your platform down to this rooftop, settling behind you. It's... really quite ghoulish. But it's something you need to do. A hush falls on the rooftop as the platform arrives, and Rin steps back from you.

"Thanks," you say to Rin.

She's not exactly listening, though, her eyes staring over your shoulder.

You glance back, and see your platform arriving, carrying the bodies of Yumi, Kuvira, Sasami, Tamiko, and...

Moe.

Moe, with her missing arm and leg. With her torso and hips barely connected by a few strands of muscle and skin, blood pooling and diluted to a pale pink by the falling rain.

Mami sucks in a breath, face going pale at the sight of the corpse. And it very much *is* a corpse, at this point. Even Sakura looks faintly disturbed, glancing first at you, then Mami and Kirika.

Mami presses her lips firmly together, shaking her head slightly. She shuffles a step closer to you and brushes her hand lightly against yours. You oblige the unspoken request and grab her hand, interlacing your fingers with hers and squeezing lightly.

"Umm... yeah," you say lamely. "Uh. Sorry, I uh... kinda forgot about that. Rin, could you?" A fraction of your will makes a little hole in Moe's corner of your platform, letting the blood drain away.

"Right, yes," Rin says, taking a deep breath and stepping forward with her hands glowing.

"OK, then," you say. You pull Tamiko forward onto the roof, Mami helping you. She anticipates your next move, and binds the girl with ribbons - not the full body cocoons, but less restrictive, less claustrophobic bindings around Tamiko's wrists and ankles.

You remove Tamiko's Soul Gem from your pocket, a small, domed orange disc, and hand it to Sakura. She grimaces as she accepts it, and moves to kneel by Tamiko's side before pressing it into the girl's hand.

The first sign of life is a violent inhalation and a flinch, hands rising in a warding position. Sakura catches her by the shoulders, pressing her down. "Tamiko, it's OK. It's OK."

The girl slowly calms down, her hands clenched tightly around her Soul Gem as she stares around at the University girls. When her eyes fall on you and Mami, they turn quizzical for a moment, before shifting to worry as she looks at Sakura.

"Yeah, we fucking lost," the teleporter grumbles. "We're... negotiating."

Tamiko nods, and she looks at you. "*What do you intend, Miss Sabrina?*" an unfamiliar voice sounds in your head, a pleasant, light alto.

"Peace, Miss Tanaka," you say, meeting her gaze steadily. "We are willing to let you up, if you agree to abide by a ceasefire for now."

She glances at Sakura, and then back at you, nodding slightly.

Mami's ribbons flow away, and Tamiko remains in her seated position, apparently unconcerned by the puddle of cold water she's seated in.

Without anything else to do, you move to retrieve Yumi's body, wincing as you note the way the grey robes of her puella magi costume are stained red by Moe's blood. Mami's ribbons flow in, wrapping securely around the gravity controller's wrists and ankles, and you flash Mami a quick smile.

Again, you pass the Soul Gem to Sakura, but Tamiko rather firmly takes it from the teleporter's hands, before moving to wake Yumi up herself.

Yumi *flails*, on waking, hands snatching for something that isn't there before spasmodically closing around her Soul Gem. Tamiko leans into her, presumably talking to her by telepathy, while Sakura kneels at her side and eventually, the gravity controller calms down. The glare she shoots you is more than a tad heated, but Rin walks over, interrupting the glare. You glance over, and see that Moe's body is restored, and whole once more.

Finally, the four of them look up at you. "We're done," Rin says.

"Miss Tsubaki?" you ask, glancing at Chouko. She nods.

A thought occurs to you, and you address Noa. "Miss Ueda, I'm sorry, but you don't mind waiting, do you?"

"I do not," Noa confirms, having taken advantage of Mami's rain shelter to try to dry her enormous twintails a little more.

"OK, then," you say, gesturing for everyone to gather. You gather in a loose circle, the University girls on one side, the Sendai girls on the other. Both sides look wary, the Sendai girls more so, at a glance, though... Rin's arms are firmly crossed in front of her, her face set in determination. Mami and Kirika flank you, and Noa stands to Kirika's far side, hands clasped patiently in front of her.

"Alright. First things first," you say. "As is obvious, Miss Hamasaki has not been revived, because I do not feel that she is in a fit state of mind to make decisions. Sakura can bear witness to this." The teleporter nods reluctantly, face set in mulish discontent, and you face the Sendai girls. "Would you object to Miss Minami representing you?"

The Sendai girls exchange looks, and they take a few minutes that stretch out into an eternity to discuss it before Yumi looks up at you. "That's fine."

"OK, then," you say, crossing your arms. You *know* you cut an intimidating figure, framed by your longcoat and bracketed by Mami and Kirika, a few motes of Grief drifting around your for emphasis while the majority orbits around the roof in a vast, slowly turning orrery. "These are my ground terms. *No more fighting between you. No more extortion.*"

Yumi nods slowly, her lips compressed into a straight line. "Acceptable," she says. "We'll... convince Akiko."

Chouko simply nods.

"Alright. Miss Tsubaki? What do *you* want?" you ask.

"We would be grateful for a lasting peace," Chouko says, holding her hands out. "We want a chance to go back to our lives."

"I want to know what's going to happen in the future," Yuko says, looking at you. There's no heat, no anger in her gaze, just... simple weariness, in her slumped shoulders and tired eyes. "So OK, Hamasaki's been kicked out of this little... conference. You did that earlier, and..." she waves at the rooftop, and the damage in the distance.

That's... a good question, and one you've been struggling to answer yourself.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

From an earlier draft:

> The girl sucks in a violent breath, and bolts upright, hands rising to grab for something in front of her. Sakura catches her by the shoulders, pressing her down. "Yumi, it's fucking OK. Wait fuck I didn't mean to say that."
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()
