# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 44

"Miss Minami?" you ask, giving Yumi a neutral look. "How *do* you plan on convincing Hamasaki? Given her... prior actions... you understand that we will have... difficulties trusting that she won't immediately call in more mercenaries, or work to undermine any agreement made in her absence?"

Yumi grimaces at the attention now directed at her. "I don't see a choice," she says. "Not now that we're beaten. I'll talk Akiko down."

You shake your head. "That's not really good enough," you say. "I understand that previously, you girls followed Hamasaki without question. Can you guarantee that things will change, going forward? And even so, with her connections and stockpile of Grief Seeds, she can do an enormous amount of damage, if she pursues her vendetta." You pause, and add with gentle emphasis, "She already has."

The Sendai girls stiffen at the mention of their stockpile. "I'm not proposing to confiscate your Grief Seeds," you say smoothly, concealing the fact that you're, well, giving it serious consideration. "But I hope you understand my concern, Miss Minami."

An unexpected voice speaks up. "What if you did?" You glance at Rin in surprise, finding her giving Yumi a steady, unwavering look. "What if we *were* to willing give up some of that stockpile?"

"No," Yumi snaps. "I mea-"

Rin holds up her hand, an unaccustomed look of determination on her face, her shoulders set stubbornly. "No, I know that our s-*souls* are in our Soul Gems. I know we'll d-die if we don't get enough Grief Seeds. But haven't we deprived *them* of Grief Seeds?"

Sakura looks... startled, blinking at Rin with both her eyebrows arched high on her forehead. Tamiko frowns minutely, a pensive frown flickering across her face as she purses her lips in thought.

You watch, face carefully blank. Mami bumps her hand against yours, and you oblige, grabbing her hand again. She makes a contented little sound, and presses a little closer to you.

Sakura speaks up. "Those are *ou-*" Her speech falters halfway through the sentence.

"I've *seen* what fighting over Grief Seeds gets us," Rin says, her hands clenching. "I *heard* it, Sakura. I heard the screaming. And you told me to stay there, at the back." She looks at you, then the University girls, her eyes hard and resolute. "Would it be enough, Miss Tsubaki? If we gave you our Seed stockpile?"

... unexpected.

Tamiko's pensive frown shifts into a heavier, inscrutable frown, while Yumi presses her lips flat in an unhappy, ruler straight line. Sakura looks conflicted and annoyed.

You cough lightly. "Rin... Ultimately, we could leave this city without either side feeling mistreated. There *can't* be... facets that'll cause conflict in the future."

Haru sighs. "Two years too late to prevent mistreatment."

"Haru!" Chouko says, glaring a rebuke at the white haired girl.

"No, no," you say diplomatically. "It's fair enough, I guess." You carefully avoid noting that you weren't *around* two years ago. You decide not to directly address Rin's proposal for now. It's *on* the table, you guess, but you need to think about how to address it properly, judging from the reactions.

"Look, I want... if not for you to get along, then for you to at least coexist in peace and maybe cooperate. *My* position remains the same. I'm willing to come and help ease the pressure of hunting and magical girl life, with my powers, on a..." you rock your free hand from side to side, "... semi regular basis? And emergencies, of course."

Mami's hand tightens on yours, fractionally, and you squeeze back reassuringly.

"Ultimately, I want you to at least try to cooperate," you say. "And I have a suggestion... it's really just a suggestion. Miss Tsubaki, it seems to me that your problem is that you haven't had the breathing room to build up a buffer of Grief Seeds, correct?"

Chouko nods. "You... could say that," she allows.

"Well, I think it's reasonable for every girl I can access to *have* a buffer of Seeds," you say firmly, quashing the faint twinge of guilt over your... insistent imposition of your world view. *Only* your opinion, you remind yourself. "So how about this. I accept used Grief Seeds, and for every three, I return two refreshed ones. The last one, I redistribute to whoever needs it."

The University girls *and* the Sendai girls exchange wary, faintly baffled looks, neither seeming to want to be the first to speak. Eventually, Chouko does. "It's a... nice idea," she begins. "But... do you propose to drop by every time we fill a Grief Seed? We can't... keep them for too long."

"*About a day, Sabrina,*" Mami supplies, an apologetic, faintly worried tone in her voice. "*You can only keep a full Grief Seed about a day... maybe a little more... before they hatch again. They're... right. Sorry.*"

You squeeze her hand lightly, trying to reassure her. "*Thanks, Mami,*" you tell her. You frown slightly, thinking about your next move.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Wait, Rin, what's up with you?
