# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 47

"Yes, I so believe *someone's* taken to calling me that recently," you say, glaring past Moe to Sakura. The teleporter crosses her arms, lips already shaping the words, before Rin nudges her sharply. She subsides, jaw set stubbornly.

You look back at Moe. "Do I have your agreement not to cause trouble?" you ask, meeting her crimson eyed stare, your own head tilted down to let your brows shadow your eyes. "We'll be quite happy to *finish* any trouble you feel like starting, but I don't want to keep you bound up like that, either. Then we can move on to waking your friends up, because I'm not going to repeat myself."

The shadow controller considers that for a moment, crimson eyes flicking between you, Mami, and Kirika. "Yes, you have my word," she says formally.

"Alright. Mami?" you ask. Mami nods, ribbons already rippling away from Moe's hands and wrists.

Moe remains sitting, flexing her wrists, before gently pushing herself to her feet. She rotates her shoulder in an exaggerated shrug, one hand questing over the... formerly absent limb. You rise smoothly alongside her, and take a step back to give her some room. Yumi stands too, moving backwards.

Next, then. Sasami, you think. An effort of will brings the... you're not going to call it a meat wagon, not even in your head... the hearse? No, that sounds even worse. You deposit Sasami's body on the rooftop and walk over, Mami, Kirika, Moe, and the rest of the Sendai girls trailing along in your wake.

Moe looks deeply uneasy at the sight of her friend's corpses, her eyes tracking the platform as you move it away, out of sight. She shudders, and moves over to Sasami's sides, kneeling beside her to grab her hand between both of hers. Another small shudder runs through her body, and Moe looks up at you, question in her eyes.

Even if they're mercenaries, and you're not even decided on that point, it still can't be easy to see what *does* amount to the corpses of your friends.

Sasami. Her costume's a cream coloured affair vaguely reminiscent of a plain ballgown, given character by a thousand tiny gems woven into the fabric, shimmering in the faint light cast by streetlights far below. Without prompting, Mami's already binding Sasami with ribbons, golden yellow bands contrasting sharply with the girl's dress.

You poke around in your dwindling collection of Soul Gems. Just three left - Sasami, Atsuko, and Akiko. That mad girl from Asunaro would probably be impressed by your collecting skills. Probably think you're rather odd for *returning* them, tho- why are you thinking about Asunaro?

You shake the thought from your head, and hand Sasami's Soul Gem to Moe. The shadow controller takes the small, smoky grey quartz-like Gem reverently with both hands, and places it on the girl's chest.

Sasami's awakening is quiet, her nostrils flaring as her chest expands in a huge inhale. Moe immediately pulls her into a tight hug, Sasami jerking instinctively and struggling violently. You can hear Moe whispering to her, the words indistinct but the tone clear. *You're safe. It's OK.*

The girl sags into the hug, her arms closing around Moe.

You wait patiently, still eyeing them warily. A quick look at Kirika reassures you that she's still poised and ready to intervene if necessary. Eventually, Sasami relaxes out of the hug, Moe letting her go. Sasami takes a deep breath, looking up at you, her hands clenched into fists.

You meet the gaze evenly.

Moe takes one of Sasami's hands, holding it between both of hers and gently teasing it out of the fist.

Sasami sighs, and looks away. "Thank you," she says grudgingly. "For your mercy."

You roll your eyes. "I'm not a monster. Has Miss Nishimura informed you of what happened?"

Sasami nods. "I surrender. I will not fight."

"OK," you say. Mami's ribbons twist and dissolve off the girl's limbs, and Moe helps her to her feet. Sasami winces as she rises, running her hands through her short blonde hair.

You nod as she stands there quietly, a corner of your mind already directing your Grief platform in to deposit the last member of their party on the rooftop. As Mami binds the girl, you pass Atsuko's Soul Gem to Moe, who recieves it with both hands. She hands it to Sasami, in turn.

Atsuko's wake up isn't particularly dramatic, Sasami and Moe both holding her in a tight hug as she re-orients on the world. They inform her of the current situation, and Mami releases her, the three of them standing in a short row in front of you.

"Alright, then," you say, looking at the three Fukushima girls in front of you, and the Sendai girls standing off to the side. "First point. I'm Sabrina, just Sabrina. This is Tomoe Mami, and Kure Kirika," you introduce yourself. "Who should I address?"

Without hesitation, Sasami steps forward, dress sparkling under the dim light. "I am Koizumi Sasami. This is Akiyama Atsuko, and Nishimura Moe."

"OK," you say, looking at Sasami. "Second point. I'm not going to interfere with your deal with Sendai," you say, gesturing at Yumi. "Admittedly, Hamasaki is no longer in charge, but however Miss Minami wants to handle it is between you."

"Lastly..." you draw in a deep breath. "What the *hell* were you *thinking*?" you roar. "Do you *know* how much collateral damage you idiots did?"

Kuvira -Atsuko- looks mutinous, opening her mouth to complain.

You ignore her, as you let your tightly controlled anger flare.

"I *don't care,*" you snarl, stepping forward.

They step backwards.

You jab a finger at Atsuko, the metal controller leaning away from it like it's a live snake. "*I don't care* what you thought. The *streets*? At fucking *rush hour*? You tore up *half the goddamned city* in your rampage." Rounding on Sasami, you continue onwards, pent up rage venting itself. "And *you*! Miss fucking Ramiel! Do you know the concept of *line of god damned fire? Look!*"

You throw your arm wide, narrowing missing a wide-eyed Kirika to gesture at the damage, visible even from this distance and through the curtain of rain.

You sag, panting, still glaring furiously at the three.

They look *surprised*. Surprised, and faintly guilty.

Your nostrils flare as you fight for control over your temper. Mami steps closer to you, resting one hand on your shoulder. She has to reach up a little to do it.

"We just spent an hour doing rescue work," you grate out. "And that's on *you*. And." You close your breath, taking a deep breath, and blowing it out violently. Inhale blue, exhale red. "And I'm still going to offer you a deal, the same one I've been offering every group I've come across. It's up to you whether you want to hear it. Oh, and..."

The Grief Seeds you'd snatched from Moe drift to a halt in front of her. "These are yours," you say.

Hesitantly, and very nervously, the shadow controller plucks one from the air, pinching it between two fingers and looking as if she expects it to explode in her hands. When it doesn't, she carefully collects the others.

"Anyway," you say. "Discuss it, I guess? I won't force you to listen, and well, you're free to go."

Yumi steps forward tenatively, giving you a cautious glance. "I will honour the agreement... twenty Grief Seeds, and any healing necessary, which... has already been applied." She raises the other plastic bag of Grief Seeds.

Sasami nods at Yumi, and looks at you. "May we discuss this amongst ourselves?"

You nod. "Yes," you say.

Sasami turns to the rest of her group, the three standing quietly. Telepathy.

When you think about it, it's really quite odd looking. Just three girls in outlandish costumes, looking intently at each other. You *know* they're holding an intense conversation, but not a word passes their mouths.

Mami's hand on your shoulder shifts to your hand, which she holds tightly. You look at her, and she smiles at you, a trace of worry visible in the lines of her face. You smile back, trying to put reassurance into the expression. Mami ducks her head a little.

Finally, Sasami turns to face you again. She double takes at the sight of Mami holding your hand, her eyes snapping down and then back up to your face again. Mami blushes.

Sasami blinks, and a moment passes before she speaks. "We... thank you, Miss Sabrina, but we would prefer to leave, with our payment, if that's acceptable?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Spoiler: That which could have been...

> - [x] Dammit, Sakura
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You fold your arm behind your back, out of sight from Moe, and flip Sakura off.
