# "We've Got Hostiles" pt. 48

"Alright," you say, nodding. You... you'd really rather they listened. But you don't want to push too hard, either. So you'll let them go.

"Thank you," Sasami says, half turning away to face Yumi instead. The gravity controller holds out the bag of Grief Seeds, and Sasami receives them, bowing awkwardly. Yumi bows in return, equally awkwardly.

Sasami looks at Yumi for a moment longer, before her eyes dart to you.

"Thank you, Miss Minami, Miss Sabrina," Sasami says. "We will be leaving Sendai City now," she adds, the words stilted. She walks back to her group, and on some unspoken signal, all three walk to the edge of the roof and leap away into the darkness and rain.

Moe and Kuvira -Atsuko, dammit, but Kuvira is *such* a good name- are quickly lost to the shroud of rain, but Sasami remains visible, a glittering speck sparkling with multicoloured fire as her dress catches the light glowing up from the streets below.

With some satisfaction, you note that their path out of the city will take them over the worst of the devastation they themselves had wrought.

Mami's hand remains on yours, rough leather of her half glove and soft, warm skin of her fingers in stark contrast. You wonder about your own reaction, that sudden, bubbling font of rage, and Mami worrying for you. You... you shouldn't have gotten angry. Not like that.

Your hand tightens on Mami's, and she squeezes back, smiling up at you. That same, faintly worried expression as earlier. You smile back, and this time, Mami doesn't look away, the lines around her eyes easing slowly.

You look at Kirika. The black haired girl looks back, raising both her eyebrows and grinning at you. You try to look apologetic, and she rolls her eyes, grin unfaltering... until she yawns widely again, anyway. She shuts her mouth with a snap, grin resuming unabashedly.

You take a shuddering breath, letting the rest of your anger drain away, though you can feel what might be a migraine building at the back of your skull. It's psychosomatic, you tell yourself. You shouldn't even be able to *have* migraines any more.

Nevertheless. You cross your arms over your chest, patiently eyeing the University girls, on the next roof over. From the looks of it - four figures and then one standing in front of them, Noa's talking to them. Asking them about *you*, at a guess. You shift to looking at the Sendai girls instead; Sakura and Rin drawn off to the side, speaking to each other in hushed murmurs, Tamiko watching the pair with a distinctly thoughtful air, and Yumi looking... unhappy, or possibly worried.

The gravity controller meets your gaze, and she tries to clear her expression in favour of a neutral mask, but doesn't quite succeed. You try to look... less threatening, but you're not sure whether *you* succeeded, either.

Ah, well.

The University Girls choose to return at this point, Noa in tow. They all look considerably relieved, each of them bearing a giddy smile. You can feel the Grief Seeds that Yumi had given them spread around their number, each of them having taken three from the Grief Seeds.

They land on the rooftop, and nod at you, Chouko looking askance at you.

"The Fukushima girls have agreed to depart in peace, so we let them go," you say in response to the unspoken question. Noa gives you another sharp eyed look at that, seeming to consider that highly interesting.

Which reminds you.

"Hmm," you say, looking at Rin. The healings she's been dishing out have left her Grief levels... a shade high, and... Yumi's running a little high, too. You feel somewhat guilty for putting her on the spot, but well. And... yourself. Your *own* levels of Grief are somewhat higher than they should be. "Rin, you need a cleanse, right? And anyone else?"

Yumi hesitates, before nodding slowly. Sakura speaks up, to your surprise. "Fuck. Hit me too," she grunts.

"Eh, I'll just cleanse everyone, unless anyone has objections?" you ask, absently checking Sakura's Grief level. It's not high, about baseline since you'd last cleansed her. Which was... during the fight, you think? Huh. Odd.

A few shaken heads in response, including Noa's.

A casual wave of your hand pulls free corruption in thick, ropy streams that wisp into the air to join the constellation of spheres still drifting around the roof. Mami squeezes your hand lightly, giving you a grateful smile.

"Alright. Miss Ueda, are you ready to go home?" you ask the Tokyo girl, who's returned to trying to pat her voluminous twintails dry.

"... yes," she replies. "Though... it's possible that I will be in contact with you at a later time, if that's acceptable, Miss Sabrina?"

You shrug. "Yes, that's fine." You have a fair idea of what *about*, but well, it's the price of what you've done so far, you guess. Well. "Sakura, are you willing to send her back? I'll refresh your Grief Seeds for you afterwards?"

"Yeah, yeah," Sakura grumbles, stomping forward. "Fucking hell." She holds out an arm for Noa to take.

Noa stops to bow politely at you, Yumi, and Chouko before taking Sakura's arm. The teleporter, still looking thoroughly displeased with the universe at large, focuses, and vanishes with the familiar *vwwp* noise.

"Hmm," you say out loud. "OK. The next order of business is dealing with Miss Hamasaki, I feel." You look around seriously. "But I'm pretty sure it's going to go into some fairly personal matters, so I would prefer to talk to her alone." You transfer your gaze to Chouko. "Miss Tsubaki, I understand if you want to be around for the resolution of that, since Miss Hamasaki has been..." You pause, searching for a word.

"Kind of a bitch," Chouko supplies, before frowning slightly, considering it. "No, I think we're willing to leave it to you, Miss Sabrina."

"Then I'll pass you the relevant information by telepathy?" yu offer.

"That's fine," Chouko says.

"Alright," you agree. "While we wait, then, is there anything you'd like to ask me? Or tell me? Anyone?" You look around at the Sendai girls, including them in the question. Nobody seems to want to meet your gaze, though, avoiding your eyes. Nobody except for Rin, who gives you a sympathetic nod.

You roll your neck, feeling the tightness of your muscles. Pent up *irritation*, if not anger.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Heh.
