# Under the Radar pt. 1

Your sleep is... surprisingly restful. Filled with half remembered dreams of experiments to do and thoughts of what you did to Mami, but restful.

You stare at the wall in front of you, barely visible in the dim glow of the city lights leaking through the curtains. There's a warm arm around you and a familiar presence still snuggled comfortably into your back.

... your feet are a little cold.

You wiggle your toes - they're outside the blanket. Mami seems to have claimed most of said blanket overnight.

Eh, well.

You're awake, anyway.

You gently ease Mami's arm from around you, Mami making a protesting little whimper, reaching out for you and scrunching into a little ball under the blankets at the absence. You reach over her and tug her bolster over, poking it at her in place of yourself. She accepts it, but her arm remains outstretched, unsatisfied.

Well.

You'll wake her with breakfast.

You pad soundlessly into the bathroom and wash up quickly, heading into the kitchen.

Eastern breakfast. Then again, 'eastern'. As well say 'western breakfast'. Britain and France and Ireland and Spain and US and Mexico, eggs cooked a dozen different ways a and a hundred different breads and a billion different spreads and ham and bacon and Marmite no wait that's not food and sausages and sandwiches which might have two or three or even one slice of bread and potato and porridge and oats and cereal...

You shake your head. Japanese. You have everything you need, and it's something that'll bring welcome familiarity to Mami, you figure. And you'll prepare lunch for Mami and yourself, too.

You decide to put extra effort into it, decorating the lunchboxes with little bits of sesame seeds and sliced sausages curled into octopi and so on.

To your vague surprise, Mami's still asleep when you finish. Steamed rice, miso soup, some pickles, flavoured seaweed and some lightly broiled fish prepared for a hearty breakfast. You hadn't exactly had any dinner last night, after all, and a few sandwiches are hardly a substitute.

You cover up the dishes, and pad into the bedroom to wake Mami. She's curled in on herself, hunched tighter into a ball, one arm coiled around the bolster and the other still outstretched. Even asleep, her face is furrowed in dismay.

You sit on the mattress, and pick up her hand. Immediately, her expression eases, hand curling around yours. You squeeze lightly, and shake her shoulder firmly. "Mami, time to wake up," you say.

"Mmmnnnm." Mami abandons the bolster and shifts across the mattress, and finding your knee, snuggles against it. "Mm."

You can't help but smile down at the sight, but you shake Mami again. "Mami, it's morning. Time to wake up," you say.

"Mmmmnnmuh?" Golden eyes, muzzy from sleep, crack open. Mami blinks up at you. "Sabrina?"

"Good morning, Mami," you say, smiling at her.

"O-oh," Mami says, colour rising on her cheeks, when she realizes what she's doing. "Good morning, Sabrina," she says, smiling tentatively at her.

"Breakfast is ready," you tell her, your own smile unwavering.

"Oh-" she cuts herself off with a yawn. "S-sorry, Sabrina! I should hav-"

You shake your head, cutting her off. "Don't be, Mami," you say, softening it with your smile. "Anyway, go wash up, and I'll put together the finishing touches?" you suggest.

"A-alright," Mami says, sitting up and rubbing sleepily at her eyes, her hair an unkempt mane of golden locks spilling down her back. You stand, and Mami holds her arms out to you. You oblige with a chuckle, pulling her to her feet, and she beams sleepily at you before wandering to the bathroom. She pauses at the door, giving you a hesitant look, to which you respond with a little gesture.

*I'll be here.*

Mami ducks her head, and closes the door behind her.

Mami doesn't take long, hurriedly yanking the door open, eyes hunting, to find you removing the covers from the breakfast you'd prepared. You give her a smile, and wave her into a chair.

"It looks wonderful, Sabrina," she says, looking over the food with a smile.

"Thank you, Mami. That means a lot, coming from you," you say. "Dig in!"

Mami blushes faintly, and does so, her chopsticks moving quickly. Your own move no less quickly, your stomach demanding to be filled posthaste, and you're glad to oblige.

"Mami," you say, the edge taken off your hunger.

"Mm?" Mami chews, swallows, and looks attentively at you. "Yes, Sabrina?"

"Do you want to go to school today?" you ask.

"Oh," Mami says. "Um... last night you said you needed to talk to me this morning, so... I'll call in sick today."

You shake your head, *no*. "It's... we can talk later today, if you want to go to school."

"I... should," Mami says, looking torn, fidgeting with her chopsticks. "But I... Sabrina, I..."

You reach across the table to capture her other hand in yours. "Mami, it's your choice. But if you go to school... I'll see you at lunch, and I'll be waiting for you after school, OK?" you say soothingly.

Mami nods slowly, still looking stricken. "I... OK. If you think I should go," she says softly.

That's... not ideal.

"Mami, it's OK," you say, making your voice as gentle as you can, as much as you want to take a leaf out of Sakura's book. "Slowly. It's still quite early. Do you *want* to go to school?"

"I..." Mami searches your face, before her eyes drop. She looks at the lunch box you'd prepared for her, and swallows. "OK," she says. "I'll go to school. I... should." Her eyes immediately return to your face, searching for any hint of disapproval.

You nod, smiling, though you cringe inwardly.

Mami's look of anxiety fades, and a timid, hesitant smile appears on her face. You squeeze her hand lightly, still smiling at her, and her expression gains confidence.

"*Besides,*" you say telepathically. "*It's not like we'll be out of contact, right?*"

"*O-of course,*" Mami says, nodding vigorously so that her as yet untamed hair bobbles.

"Alright," you say. "That's settled, then. Shall we finish our breakfast?" Simultaneously, you reach out by telepathy for a certain violet eyed girl. "*Hey, Homura.*"

Mami nods. "Oh!" she says, and your chopsticks pause on the dish of pickles. "This fish is amazing, Sabrina!" she compliments you, picking up a slice of said fish.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" the time traveller replies almost instantly.

"*Two things - Mami will be going to school today,*" you say. "*Look after her for me, OK?*" Out loud, you reply to the blonde, while claiming the pickles you'd been after earlier. "Ah, thanks, Mami. I think your cooking is better, though."

"*Alright,*" Homura says. "*What's the other thing?*"

"I think your cooking's better," Mami disagrees.

"No, yours really *is* better," you say, smiling, and to Homura, "*Update on the war - essentially defused. We beat Akiko and her team and reinforcements, and I uh, kinda broke Akiko. She's, um... a catatonic mess.*"

"I..." A flash of something crosses Mami's face. "Do you really think so?"

"Yes, Mami, I really do," you say confidently. "Your cooking is *superb*, Mami."

"*I see,*" Homura says, tone neutral. "*Will you have time to... *talk* later?*" she asks, peculiar emphasis on the word 'talk'.

"Thank you, Sabrina," Mami says, smiling softly at you for a moment before returning to her breakfast.

You smile. "It's true, Mami." To Homura, you reply, "*I should. Though uh. Mami's a bit... clingy right now.*"

"*Understood,*" Homura says. "*See you later.*"

"*See you,*" you say.

You soon finish breakfast, and start in on the dishes, Mami standing right beside you, nearly hip to hip as you work through the various plates and utensils together.

Mami changes into her school uniform, and meets you at the doorway. Her hair's done up in its familiar drills, and a smile is on her face as she looks up at you.

Your slingbag's hanging over your shoulder, though it's currently empty of its usual cargo of Grief marbles, containing instead an umbrella and your lunchbox. The enormous bulk of Grief is still sitting on the roof above you - you should probably deal with that today.

"Walk me to school, Sabrina?" Mami asks, looking hopefully at you.

---

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] Write in conversation for Mami, Madoka, Homura, and Sayaka
- [ ] No
- [ ] Write-in

---

This update was brought to you entirely by Firnagzen's phone™.
