# Under the Radar pt. 2

"Of course, Mami." You smile in response to the question. "I'd be happy to."

Mami beams happily in response, stepping outside to put her shoes on.

Properly shod, you and Mami head towards school, strolling sedately in the crisp, cool morning air. Mami walks close to you, close enough that her elbow occasionally bumps into you with a frequency that isn't accidental at all. You smile at her as you walk, receiving a sheepish, depreciating smile in response. Your mass of Grief tugs at the edge of your consciousness, a tremendous, granular mass floating after you at rooftop level, where it's safely out of sight.

"By the way, Mami," you say as you thread through the as-yet still thin crowds - it's still early, and Mami's guiding you on a walking route to school as opposed to taking the bus today.

"Mm?" Mami glances up at you.

"Could I borrow a Grief Seed from you?" you ask. "It's for that project I talked about yesterday."

"Project... oh, emptying out Grief Seeds?" Mami looks confused for a moment, before figuring it out. Her hand's already fumbling through her pocket - she's carrying three Grief Seeds, at the moment.

"Yes, that's the one," you confirm. "I need a control, and uh, I kinda messed up the two Seeds I have already. I think. Maybe. Something weird, anyway."

Before you finish your explanation, Mami's already holding the Grief Seed out to you. "Whatever you make, I'm sure it will be wonderful, Sabrina!"

You take the Grief Seed. "Thanks, Mami," you say. "I'll do my best."

Mami smiles at you, and you return it.

"Mami! Sabrina!" a voice calls out, and you see a familiar mop of pink hair up ahead the path.

Madoka's standing next to Homura, her hand raised in an enthusiastic wave, Homura giving you a solemn, quiet nod instead.

"Hi, Madoka, Homura," you call out, speeding your pace to catch up.

"Good morning, Madoka, good morning, Homura," Mami says, a gentle smile on her face.

"Good morning, Sabrina, Mami," Homura greets quietly as you approach.

"How was your weekend?" Madoka asks brightly.

Hoo boy. You had a feeling that she'd ask that. You smile, and try to deflect it. "Not bad! I hear you went shopping with Sayaka and Homura again on Sunday?"

Madoka nods. "We did! Sayaka still needed to buy more things, after the-" her smile falters for a second, "-fire. But we've gotten almost everything."

"That's great to hear," you say, smiling. "She's staying with Hitomi right now, right?"

"Um, no, not quite," Madoka says, before lowering her voice conspiratorially. You and Mami lean in obligingly. "Hitomi's parents are lending them a house to stay in!"

You nod in approval. "That's great," you say.

"Hey!" another familiar voice calls out, this time from behind you. Footsteps pelt along the path, heralding the arrival of the current person of discussion. "Talking about me behind my back?" Sayaka accuses, a smirk stretching across her face.

"Good morning, Sayaka!" Madoka replies, her face lighting up.

"Good morning, Madoka, Mami, Sabrina!" Sayaka says brightly. "Transfer student."

"Miki," Homura says, face utterly neutral. That girl has the poker face of the gods, you think to yourself. With good reason, you suppose.

Mami smiles. "Good morning, Sayaka," she says. "How are you this morning?"

Sayaka rolls her shoulder and scratches at it - her uniform is *new*, and you can still see the creases in it, and it's probably still stiff. "Annoyed," she says, sticking her tongue out at you. "You wake me up early in the morning on Sunday and Saturday when I *don't* need to go to school, and *today* you don't."

You roll your eyes. "Well, since *someone* complained so much about it..."

Sayaka snorts. "Yeah, right," she says. "Bet Mami had to wake *you* up."

You shrug. "How was your weekend?"

"Busy weekend," Sayaka mutters, her mood immediately dipping a little. "New place." She kicks aimlessly at the ground.

You look at Mami, still walking close beside you, and she shakes her head slightly, mystified. You look past her, to Madoka, and she gives you a worried shake of her head. Homura isn't much help, either.

You look around you as the five of you walk along. This city *still* makes no *sense*. Mitakihara Middle School is fronted by an enormous *park*. Yes, you've seen it, and had to skirt around it a few times when you were roofhopping to the school, but proceeding through it on foot is an entirely different experience. Lush, manicured greenery surrounds you, thick vegetation reducing the crush of traffic and people to a distant roar. A small ornamental stream runs along the side of the path.

A thought strikes you, and you give the trees a narrow-eyed glance. No, they're not cherry[](http://i.imgur.com/OqJelFw.jpg)trees, nor are they blooming, and nor do your masses of Grief threading through the vegetation evince any reaction.

"What is it, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"Oh, nothing, just thought I saw something," you say, giving the trees another glare before smiling at Mami, trying to pass it off.

"Oh, OK," Mami says, accepting that.

You feel eyes on you. Sayaka, raising an eyebrow at you.

You shrug. "Just a stray thought?" you offer.

"Riii*iiight*," Sayaka says. "Getting *forgetful* in your old age?"

"Old age?" You gape in mock anger at her.

"Old age!" Sayaka confirms. "Your hair's white!"

"You're just jealous," you say, running your fingers through your shoulder length hair.

"Jealous?" Sayaka smirks. "Of wh-"

Without looking, without breaking step, Homura reaches behind her, hooking her fingers through her hair and snapping her hand straight out. Her luxurious mane of raven black tresses flows through her hand like a midnight black waterfall, rippling and *glistening* in the obliging breeze that chooses to blow at this particular moment.

"Of. Of..." Sayaka stammers, and trails off, eyes wide.

Mami is giving Homura's hair a narrowed, calculating look.

Madoka seems utterly awed, eyes as wide as dinner plates.

"Damn it," Sayaka mutters in a very small voice, fingering a lock of her own blue hair.

"Yeah," you grunt. "*You're doing that on purpose,*" you accuse Homura.

Homura doesn't deign to respond, simply giving you a *look* before trying to engage Madoka in conversation about homework, of all things.

The rest of the walk to school passes in relative peace, filled with innocuous chatter. Finally, you're standing at the school gates, Mami pausing and turning to face you, while students flow around you and into the school.

You smile at her. "I'll see you at lunch, OK?"

Mami bites her lip, already looking worried. "Alright," she agrees. She seems to steel herself, and then steps forward, throwing her arms around you in a quick hug, which you return, squeezing her lightly. She backs away, keeping her eyes on you, while you just smile at her.

You remain waiting, watching Mami walk into the school. Finally, with a last backward glance at you to fix you in her mind's eye, she disappears inside the school building proper.

You sigh. You have a lot to make up for.

But for now\... You begin walking away - you'll take wing when you find somewhere quiet. "*Homura?*" you ask.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" Homura replies.

"*When would be a good time for a talk?*" you ask.

"*After lunch,*" she suggests.

"*That sounds fine,*" you agree. "*On the rooftop, then?*"

"*Yes,*" Homura says.

"*Alright,*" you say, "*See you then.*"

"*See you,*" Homura agrees.

Eventually, you turn into an alley and bound up to the roof, joining the enormous bulk of Grief you've been carting along. This close, and this much. Even compressed, even with your inexperienced senses, you can *feel* it, as a normal puella magi might - a *pressure* in your mind, not unlike the sensation of being inside a Witch Barrier, if a thousand times fainter.

You transform, the familiar weight of your longcoat falling onto your shoulders. Some of the Grief you bend towards wings, the rippling, tenebrous rips in reality forming over your shoulders, and you leap skyward. You'll head towards the old industrial areas, you figure.

Skirting around the familiar landmark of the flue exhaust smokestacks -what *is* that, anyway, a power plant?- you head in, locating another of the old warehouses with a large, abandoned parking lot. You fold your wings and drop to a landing on the asphalt, giving the mouldering old warehouse a cursory once over to ensure that it's unoccupied.

It is.

You take a moment to crack your knuckles thoroughly, thinking over what to do.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Hairflips.
