# Under the Radar pt. 3

You finish cracking your knuckles, and bounce lightly on your feet. Science, or SCIENCE! A question for the ages...

You grin to yourself.

So many ideas, so little time.

Well, first things first. Though you're fairly bad about that sometimes, you admit to yourself. Eh. You cleanse your Gem, pulling the filmy layer of darkness out and leaving it gleaming again. You trail the Grief around your left pinky, forging a solid ring snug against your skin.

You raise your finger, waggling it against the slowing rising sun in the distance. There. That'll settle your internal debate about the corrosiveness of solid Grief. Despite the Grief armour and your mobile oppression platform, you just want to be really sure.

Right then.

You wander into the slowly rusting warehouse, hunting for implements which you can use to measure things. The building feels... melancholic, somehow, the faint tang of rust in the chill air seeming to spell out the regrets of days long past. You wonder if there might have been a Witch here, once?

Eventually, you find a loose sheaf of paper, a pencil, and a half used stack of post-its, still sticky. Exceptionally sticky, even, a mildewing little piece of paper sticking first to one finger and then the other as you futilely try to get rid of it.

Nothing much else of use, though, apart from a few dried out pens in the back of a mouldering old office desk. You cart your supplies outside, weighing the papers down with a rock.

OK. Finally time to start figuring things out, then!

You pull a sphere of Grief from the enormous mass lurking on the edge of the parking to you, and drop it on the asphalt in front of you with a thunk. Grief is what Barriers are made of, so you *should* be able to change its properties... And you already *have*, haven't you? Transparency and acoustic properties. You note down that thought on some paper.

You focus, reaching for instincts whispering on the edge of your consciousness. Ephemeral strands of your will *twist* at the blob of Grief, a crystal clear image of the result bobbing up in your mind's eye and-

*Fwoosh*.

A gout of clear, orange flame explodes in a conflagration in front of you, pounding into your senses as *Witch*. You flinch back from the incandescent heat, the skin of your face suddenly dry and tight.

The flame burns soundlessly, something more akin to a luminous gas fire than anything, albeit one hovering a handspan above the ground and without any apparent fuel source. It's definitely producing heat, certainly, and... You look around the parking lot, and spot a discarded plastic wrapper blown here by the wind. You snag it and toss it into the flame, where it crisps and burns with foul smelling smoke as expected.

You squint at the fire. Where's the *energy* coming from? The *first* thought that springs to mind is that it's somehow burning Grief into energy - *that* particular thought's been kicking around your mind for a while, anyway. But if it is, it's not doing it quickly enough for you to notice. You hurriedly write all that down, too.

You wave your hand, and send the flame zipping around the parking lot. The flame is distorted by the rush of air until you focus, on it, at which point it burns steadily as if there *weren't* air rushing past it. A twist of will turns it from a pseudo gas flame to a crisp wood fire, and then a smoky, oily conflagration belching out black smoke.

The smoke lights up on your senses just as strongly, and you guide it into a wispy, smoky circle - it's as much Witch-stuff as is the fire itself.

With a roll of your wrists, you turn half of the Grief making up the fire into water, and it promptly extinguishes the fire with an angry hiss. Until you decide that the fire should burn anyway, and it reignites with a spiteful pop, water sitting on top of fire with no noticeable effect to each other.

Which, yes, sufficiently analyzed magic is indistinguishable from science, but the apparent analysis here is that Witch stuff does whatever the hell you want it to - or whatever the Witch wants it to. Then again, it's not *really* fire or water; it's Grief pretending to be fire and water. You reach for the paper and thoughtfully jot down that down, frowning in contemplation.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice, sounding anxious.

"*Hey, Mami,*" you reply, dissolving the fire back into loose floating Grief. "*How're you?*"

"*Ah, I'm in math class,*" Mami replies. "*Miss Sakaguchi's teaching us integration by parts today!*"

"*Oh, that's neat!*" you say, smiling to yourself as you dip your hand into your pockets to locate the Grief Seeds you'd stashed away. Hildegarde, Aurora, and... Irene.

"*How about you, Sabrina?*" Mami asks.

"*Ah, I flew out to the old industrial area,*" you say, contemplating the three Seeds. Aurora and Hildegarde, both clear crystal, and Irene the traditional abyssal black. "*There's a lot of abandoned warehouses and stuff here.*"

"*Oh, yes!*" Mami agrees. "*That's a little further than I normally travel for testing my magic...*"

"*Mmm, there's more room out here,*" you say. Aurora and Hildegarde don't *look* particularly different, two clear, glassy orbs surrounded by the delicate, impossibly detailed filigree of a Grief Seed.

"*Ah, sorry, I should have thought of that,*" Mami says, worrying leaking into her voice again.

"*Eh? Nothing to apologize for, Mami,*" you hastily reassure her. Irene's a solid black sphere embraced in the same silvery latticework. And hiding inside, past the dense screening layers of Grief... *Irene*.

"*Oh,*" Mami says. "*Umm... Will I see you at lunch?*"

"*Mami, I'm not offended,*" you say. "*And of *course* you will. I wouldn't miss it for the world.*"

"*OK,*" Mami says, sounding marginally more reassured. "*See you later.*"

"*See you, Mami,*" you say.

You sigh out loud. Expected. You'd absolutely expected that. Just...

You shake your head, and hold up Aurora's Grief Seed, letting it balance on the tip of your finger. You tentatively poke a little blob of Grief at it. The Grief passes seamlessly into the Grief Seed as if the boundary weren't there. You nod - seems to be about what you'd expect. You reach for the primary mass of Grief, and start pouring it in, an endless torrent pouring down a bottomless drain. You watch that Grief intently as it flows in.

It *changes* as it passes that boundary. Changes into... well, you'd call it Witch stuff.

You blink, pausing the influx of Grief. It can't be that simple, can it?

You transfer your gaze to a basketball sized sphere of Grief, and instead of trying to compress it *will* it into a denser form. The difference between squashing a sponge and, well, turning it into an equivalent mass of lead. With an abrupt jolt, it suddenly shrinks into a tiny, pebble sized grain. And you *know* you can make it smaller.

It *also* feels exactly as Witchy as that fire you'd made earlier.

Which makes sense - you're doing the same thing. You *changed* the Grief into a denser form, as opposed to trying to compress it.

You look consideringly at the masses of Grief around you, absently picking up the process of refilling Aurora's Seed again. You pull a string out of Grief and pluck at it - it makes a dull thwacking noise. A twist of your will, and you pluck it again. *This* time, it *twangs* musically - but it doesn't feel like a Witch.

Hmm.

You seem to have *some* control over Grief as it is, but it only goes so far *as* Grief. But you can also... *transmute* it into different forms with different properties. Interesting.

You stop filling Aurora's Seed when it's half full. Holding it by its point, you tap it to Irene's Grief Seed.

Irene *tears* Grief from Aurora, a substantial portion vacuumed from one Grief Seed to the other in an instant, and you hastily jerk them apart. You bring your powers to bear, and confiscate the 'stolen' Grief from Irene, returning it to its unused state.

... huh.

That... was interesting, too.

You need to think about *that* a little more, though, so for now, you settle down on the asphalt floor, crossing your legs comfortably, and set the three Grief Seeds aside, letting them balance on their points. You pick up a small, fist sized rock instead.

Enchantment, then, while you ruminate about how to proceed with the Grief Seeds. You focus on your hand, on the magic coursing within, and start warping it as Mami had shown you the other day, pushing it into rock. It's... something like starting with a melon and deciding that you need to somehow infuse it with sugar all at once, except you need to do it without even breaking the melon *open-*

*Crack!*

Dammit.

The lump of asphalt shatters violently into three, the pieces zinging away with violent force. You sigh, and pick up one of the shattered chunks, and start again.

Half an hour later, you've reduced that first chunk into loose gravel, and started on a fresh piece of rock.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami again, her voice querulous and worried.

"*Hi, Mami!*" you say, keeping your voice cheery. You set aside the rock for now.

"*Hello, Sabrina!*" That edge of worry softens, immediately reassured by just your voice.

"*How are you?*" you ask.

"*Ah, I'm in between classes now,*" Mami says. "*Just finished English!*"

You smile, and reply in English. "*How was English class, then?*"

Mami's reply is impressively fluent. Not quite *perfect*, but it's not Engrish by any means. "*Miss Cagle showed us a movie today!*"

"*Oh?*" you ask absently.

"Tangled," Mami says. "*It was a fun movie!*"

"*Ooh, Disney,*" you chuckle. "\*Hard to go wrong with them. \*I've got a dream\~" you sing the refrain of that one song from the movie.

"She's got a dream\~" Mami echoes happily. "*You've watched it before?*"

"*I guess I did,*" you say.

"*Ah...*" Mami says. "*Maybe one day you'll regain your memories?*"

You can't help but wonder if there *is* anything to regain. "*Maybe, but I've got a new set of happy memories now, too,*" you say.

"*Ah...*" Mami says. "*Um... I'll see you at lunch?*"

"*Mami,*" you say as gently as you can. "*I won't leave you. And yes, I'll see you for lunch.*"

"*OK,*" Mami says, and fall silent.

You sigh.

You look contemplatively at the rock you'd been trying to enchant. You're... getting somewhere, you think, but this is fine, delicate work that is most *distinctly* not your forte. You could keep on practicing, or maybe not. You glance at the three Grief Seeds sitting quietly... they don't seem to have done much in the interim period.

You glance at the time on your mobile phone. About ten now, the sun finally begin to evict the chill from the air, and two hours until lunchtime at Mitakihara Middle School.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

(Very Witchy) Transmuted stuff, loose/gaseous Grief, solid Grief, Grief Seeds (not at all).
