# Under the Radar pt. 4

You cup your chin in your hand for a moment, mobile phone still held loosely in your other hand. You frown contemplatively at the trio of Grief Seeds, and decide not to touch them yet - you'll cover other things first. Though maybe you want to try your hand at making a body for them later... But yes, other things to do first.

And the *first* of those are to set your alarm. You spin your phone in your hand, and then your fingers click across it to find the alarm application and set that for eleven forty. That should let you get to Mitakihara Middle School well before Mami gets to the roof. You catch sight of that Grief ring on your finger as you click through the buttons, and you pause to inspect your finger. No sign of anything wrong, sensations still normal.

That done, you slip the phone back into the pocket of your coat and hop to your feet.

You can't stop yourself from grinning. Well, you could, but it's not like there's anyone else to see it. So many new things to *do*!

You... well, one of the things you really want to do is to extend your power. Out of that one hundred meter radius. You consider the ball of Grief you'd been using earlier, and split off some small chunks. One you simply leave as a solid marble sitting on the floor, and another marble you set looping in the air in a continuous little circle. The last chunk you transmute into a small, clear piece of glass, leaving that beside the marbles.

You scoop up the three Grief Seeds -best keep them with you- and draw the main mass of Grief with you as you walk away, leaving those two test objects on the asphalt floor.

Your footsteps ring on the floor as you stride through the rusting warehouse, the sound returning in tinny echoes bounced off the metal walls. You purse your lips and look around - might this be where H.N. Elly spawned? Or maybe just *a* Witch, due to hatch? You spread your senses, observing carefully, and turn up nothing in particular.

The Grief objects, all three of them, evaporate when they cross the invisible boundary of the limits of their power. The Grief, as you'd come to expect, seems to maintain some coherence before dissipating harmlessly like the mist under the sun. Or maybe a dream under harsh reality. Your dreams of making things persist, anyway.

You frown in annoyance. But no, you're not done yet. You call another small sphere of Grief to your hand, another marble sized lump. You balance it on the palm of your hand, just a small, deep purple marble glinting in what light filters through the grimy windows of the warehouse.

You try to will it into *persistence*, the ability to *stay*. Permanence. It feels... strange. Like you're reaching with a phantom limb for something that isn't there. There *must* be a way, you tell yourself. You try to envision the sphere, floating merrily by itself while you walk away, and you try to impress that image upon the Grief.

You succeed in giving yourself the impression that someone just clubbed you over the head. Or maybe it's just the musty, stale air in here. Ugh.

You frown at the sphere, which is visibly unchanged, and doesn't *feel* any different either.

... Well, you'll test it anyway. You make your way out of the warehouse, breathing in the fresh air outside gratefully. You meander away, keeping a metaphorical eye on the Grief marble you tried to alter.

As you approach the limits of your range, you hold your breath. Will it last, will it no- nope. *That* little sphere evaporates, too.

You sigh, dropping dejectedly to the asphalt, legs splayed out in front of you. So much for that happy dream, then. Or, well. Maybe you'll think of something else later?

Onto the next thing, then. If Grief does what you want it to... and what *Witches* want them to, then... in principle, you should be able to *will* Grief into a reasonable facsimile of a Barrier, shouldn't you?

A thought occurs to you - document, document, document. You lean over, reaching out for the stack of papers you'd weighed down with a rock earlier, and scribble down what you'd accomplished... or failed to accomplish... with permanence.

You cross your legs, propping your elbows on your knees. You guide another basketball sized sphere of Grief to hover a few meters in front of you with a flick of your fingers, and shift it into a tube. A tube should suffice for your purposes, you reason, since the *air* in a Witch's Barrier isn't Grief. You make a second one to act as a control, laying them side by side.

Space extension. You try to exert your will, forcing it upon the space inside the tube. It doesn't seem to *work*, though, just as the permanence didn't. The tube remains obdurately *normal*. As normal as something made out of Grief can be, anyway.

You frown in annoyance, and change tacks - time, then. You'd *fought* a Witch that could slow time, after all. You focus your will again.

All you get for your pains are a dull, throbbing headache and more annoyance. Witches can do it, why can't you? Not that you're a Witch, of course. You're pretty sure you're not, anyway. You hope. Something... well, you're fairly sure you're a puella magi. One with unprecedented, somewhat Witch-like powers.

...

But probably a puella magi.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice comes as a welcome distraction from your introspection.

You shake off your brief bout of existential musing. "*Hi, Mami!*" you say brightly. "*How are you?*"

"*I'm fine,*" Mami says, perhaps a little too quickly. "*How are you doing, Sabrina?*"

"*I'm doing good, too,*" you say. "*Made some progress, but there's some things I'm not sure of.*" You reach for the paper and pencil, noting down the failure of space warping. You carefully avoid mentioning Witches, though.

"*That's great,*" Mami says warmly. "*Um, not that you're having trouble. I'm sure you'll succeed, though!*"

"*Thanks,*" you say, smiling. The pencil's getting a little blunt. You give it a thoughtful look, and call over a small shard of Grief, sharpening it to a razor's edge and carefully shaving the pencil back to a point. "*How about you, Mami? How are lessons going?*"

"*Ah, nothing much,*" Mami says. "*Miss Cagle is asking us to analyze the movie we watched.*"

"*Oh?*" you say.

"*Ah, yes!*" Mami continues at your urging. "*I'm... not doing as well,*" she says, sounding ashamed. "*It's easy to miss points.*"

"*Mami, your English is great,*" you say. "*Take it from me, it truly is. I don't think anyone can blame you for not being perfect.*"

"*I... yes, you're right,*" Mami says, though she doesn't really sound reassured. She pauses for a while. "*I'll see you at lunch?*"

"*Of course,*" you say.

"*OK,*" she replies. "*See you at lunch.*"

"*See you,*" you agree.

When the connection closes, you sigh, looking up at the clear blue sky.

You've still got time. You collapse the two tubes back into spheres, and focus on one of them - *magnetism*. You send that ball shooting up into the sky, just to keep it away from everything to be on the safe side, and *focus*.

It comes easily to you, instincts you never knew you had bubbling to the fore, though not without the annoying Witch-signature. You draw the magnetized sphere down to you, test it with a convenient piece of rebar, which *clangs* happily against the sphere of Grief as you bring it nearby. You experiment with raising and lowering the strength of the magnetic field, lowering the strength until the rebar slips off, and then dialing it up so that the rebar *leaps* back upwards to slam against the sphere.

You pause, squinting thoughtfully at the sphere in front of you. *Magnetic*.

You wish you had a real magnet to test it with, but you're pretty sure you just made a magnetic monopole. Which... well, magnetic monopoles are one of those theoretically predicted but never physically observed things.

Next up is gravity, which is just as easy, your *will* impressing upon the sphere what you want. You're careful not to go overboard and make a black hole or something. The sphere instantly picks up a coating of dust and sand yanked up from the ground, and a few rocks flicked at it stick fast. Magnetism worked, so it makes sense, sort of, that gravity does, too.

You smile to yourself. Mundane forces work perfectly well, then. Next up, *magic*! You feel a grin split your face. Gravity and magnetism and such are neat, but *magic*.

At a thought and a flex of your will, the Grief sphere turns invisible. You can still sense it perfectly well, though, and to your considerable annoyance - it shows up with a Witch signature, too.

That's not helpful. You growl under your breath. Can you make it *not* feel like Witch-stuff, then?

The answer, it turns out, is no, or at least not by your Grief powers, you find.

Then again.

If you could, it'd... strongly imply that somewhere out there, there could very well be a Witch stalking about that's completely invisible to both you and other puella magi.

So you'll return to mundane things for now. The sun's rapidly heading towards its zenith now, and the heat's getting annoying, so you rise and walk over to the puddle of shade offered by the warehouse. You hold out your hand as you go, and a laser pointer made out of Grief drops into your hand.

It's one of those cheap, keychain kinds, but you thumb the button, and it throws a red spot of light on the wall of the warehouse. About what you'd expect, really. So how about something like, say... A blaster?

You mould Grief into a replica of a blaster, before pausing. To be fair, you make a phaser, too, discarding the laser pointer to wield one in each hand. The pointer's dissolved back into Grief to rejoin the main mass before it hits the ground.

You grin, blaster in one hand and phaser in the other. Both screaming *Witch*, but such is the price of doing business. You fire the blaster first, the bolt screaming out with the familiar noise to gouge a small crater out of the ground. Then the phaser, set on disintegrate, to blow a slightly larger crater out of the asphalt.

You grin, and fight the urge to cackle maniacally. Range test, then! You suspect you're violating *all* the gun safety rules, but these aren't guns and you're sticking by that story. You raise both gu- no, not guns, up to the sky and fire at the same time, bolt and phaser beam screaming out-

-only to dissipate at what you'd guess is at your control range.

You pout.

Just then, your phone goes off, and you glance down at it. Time's up, then.

You sigh, and walk out into the courtyard, stooping to collect your notes. Your wings form as you do so, Grief flowing from the enormous bulk to ripple out from your wings, unsettling patterns against the sky. But you're used to them by now, and you launch yourself skyward. The rest of the Grief you drag after you, an avalanche of spheres pouring skyward after you.

You cut across Mitakihara at speed, quickly arriving at the school. You let your wings fade away, and you drop down onto the roof, neatly missing the absurdly ornate fences surrounding said roof and dropping into a smooth roll to avoid shattering concrete underfoot. You tuck away the Grief out of sight behind the school roof and untransform in a blaze of light.

... why's the roof always so empty, anyway? It seems a nice enough place, yet unoccupied most of the time.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami, of course.

"*I'm on the roof,*" you answer.

"*Oh! The bell's going to ring soon, I'll be right up!*" Mami brightens immediately.

A moment later, the schoolbell does indeed go off, and a bare minute later, you hear footsteps pelting along the stairwell, and Mami bursts out, eyes hunting frantically for you. You smile, and wave at her. Mami rushes over, forcing herself to slow down before she reaches for you, reaching a hand out.

You grab her hand, smile softening. Mami smiles at you, too, tension ebbing from tightly wound shoulders as she shifts her hand to interlace her fingers with yours. She takes a half step closer to you, tilting her head back so as not to break eye contact.

More footsteps, and quiet conversation. You glance over to see Homura and Madoka emerge from the stairwell, each carrying their own lunchboxes, followed by Sayaka and... Hitomi, her arm in a sling, but still gamely carrying her own lunchbox.

Hitomi's gaze lands on you and Mami, and her eyes widen slightly, before a deep red blush starts to colour her cheeks.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

All together, now:
