# Under the Radar pt. 5

"Hi, everyone," you say, smiling cheerfully at everyone. You're mildly surprised to see Hitomi here, and half expecting her to start in on her 'girls can't love girls' spiel, but she doesn't.

A light blush rises to Mami's face, and she steps back from you. She doesn't let go of your hand, though, your interlinked hands dropping between the two of you.

"Hello," Homura says, her quiet voice overshadowed by the broad smile and cheery "Good afternoon, Sabrina!" directed at you by Madoka. The pair's already moving for the seats.

"Hi, Sabrina," Sayaka calls, waving energetically at you with her free hand. She's holding what looks like a store-bought bento in her other hand, along with what might be some berries. "Good to see you." She seems to have gotten over her earlier bout of gloom, at any rate.

Hitomi blinks, blush slowly fading, before greeting you with a stammered, "G-good afternoon, Sabrina. How are you?"

You move to sit beside Homura, who's seated at a proper distance from Madoka. You deliberately sit a little too close to the time traveller, and she unconsciously leans away from you slightly - and towards Madoka. Mami sits beside you, close enough that her hip brushes against yours. Sayaka gives Homura a little glare, but seats herself next to Hitomi, opposite you.

"I'm doing fine," you answer Hitomi as you pop the lid off your lunchbox. "How about you? I... we didn't see you this morning?"

"Oh," Hitomi says, working at the lid of her own lunch box with the hand not in a cast. "My father had me driven to school today," she explains.

"Ah, I see," you say, nodding in understanding, starting in on your lunch. "It's good to see you out of hospital, anyway. Were you just released?"

Hitomi smiles. "It's good to *be* out of hospital. And yes, they let me out yesterday."

"Mmm," you say, picking up a slice of salmon.

"Um..." Hitomi says. "Sabrina, you aren't a student here, right?"

"Nope," you say, popping the salmon into your mouth and waving at yourself, dressed in a modest blouse and shorts combination.

"Ah... how did you get up here, then?" Hitomi asks, giving you a curious look.

You shrug. "No one stopped me," you answer glibly. It's... well, it's technically true, and you can't exactly tell her about magic, can you?

"Oh," Hitomi says. "OK."

Madoka pokes her head over Homura's shoulder, practically leaning across the time traveller, to peer at your lunch box. "Those are so cute!" she says. "Did you make those, Mami?"

"Ooh," Sayaka agrees, leaning forward alongside Hitomi to look. "Sausage ocotopi!"

Mami shakes her head. "Sabrina made these, actually!" she says, smiling and holding up one of her own to show them.

Homura holds still, sucking her breath in and being careful not to bump into Madoka.

"Oh, that's amazing!" Madoka says.

"Nah, it's nothing," you disagree. "It's really just sausages, but I sliced the ends so that they curled up when boiling."

"You *say* just," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "Didn't work when *I* tried it last time."

"Sayaka, you accidentally cut the ends off," Madoka points out.

"Hey!" Sayaka complains loudly. "Traitor! See if I share my raspberries with you!"

Homura snorts almost imperceptibly, the barest traces of a smile on her face.

Hitomi takes a neat bite of her sushi, smiling at the interplay. "I remember that," she says. "The teacher was *astonished*."

Sayaka glares at her in mock outrage, while you and Mami chuckle. "You too, Hitomi?"

Madoka giggles, sitting back. "My father makes these for me sometimes," she confides to you.

"Mm," you say, enjoying the banter. "Hey Sayaka, can I have some of the raspberries? I'll trade you an octopus for it!" you say, half teasingly. You'd wanted to get some the other day, but decided that the ones in the supermarket weren't very fresh.

"Eh? Uh, sure," Sayaka says, giving you a suspicious look while, holding her lunchbox out. You trade the food across, and then very deliberately glance at Madoka. You grin, and hold the raspberries out to her.

Madoka shakes her head, smiling.

"Well fine, then," you pout, and share the raspberries with Mami instead.

Mami smiles happily at you. "Thank you, Sabrina."

"Ah!" Hitomi looks up at Mami, remembering something. "Mami, Chie visited me in the hospital the other day. She says she's doing well, and she'd be glad if you could rejoin the club?"

Chie... the name sounds familiar, but it takes you a moment to place it. The president of the archery club, you think?

"Ah..." Mami brightens a little, before pausing. "I don't think I have the time, these days. But thank you!"

Lunch passes with happy chatter, as you simply relax and are *normal* for a while, even Homura seeming to relax slightly. "Oh!" Madoka says, twisting to retrieve a second box from her side. She opens it to reveal neat little rows of small dumplings dusted with powdered sugar. "Dad made dango!" she declares brightly.

Sayaka's eyes light up, and she immediately reaches for one. "Ooh, I love these."

Madoka passes the box to Sayaka, who happily takes another two for herself, and then passes it to Hitomi.

Hitomi declines with a smile. "I shouldn't eat too many sweets," she says.

"Aw, it's just dango," Sayaka says.

Hitomi shakes her head, still smiling, and passes the box to Mami instead. Mami takes a few, holding them out to you with a smile. You return the smile, and take one from Mami's hand, popping it into your mouth. You hand the box to Homura, who hesitates before finally taking just one for herself, passing the box back to Madoka.

After finishing the treats, Hitomi's the first to rise, fastidiously dusting her skirt off. "We should be going," she says, glancing at the time on her watch.

"Ah, yes!" Madoka agrees. "C'mon, Homura, let's go!"

Homura nods. "Yes," she says, rising. You give her a questioning look, and she nods slightly. She hasn't forgotten, then.

Sayaka groans, and pushes herself to her feet. "Do we really have to," she complains. "Eh. See you later, Sabrina."

"See you!" you agree, exchanging goodbyes with the others.

Finally, the four of them head off, while Mami, hesitant, stays on the rooftop. She looks at you for a moment before pulling you into a hug. You hug her back tightly, trying to reassure her as best as you can.

She pulls back a moment later, looking up at you and biting her lip, brow furrowed in worry. "Sorry."

"Whatever for, Mami?" you smile.

"I'm sorry I-" she grimaces, biting the words off. "Sorry."

You shake your head. "You have nothing to be sorry for," you reassure her. "I'll see you after school, OK?"

"Y-yes," Mami says, reluctantly disengaging.

She walks slowly to the stairwell, casting reluctant glances back at you, while you smile gently at her. Finally, she vanishes into the stairwell.

You frown, considering. Wasn't Homura supposed to mee-

\-you blink.

The world's cast in familiar tones of grey, colour leached away by the application of Homura's power. The time traveller's transformed into her puella magi costume, shield humming on her arm. Her other hand rests lightly on your shoulder, linking you into the timestop.

"Hey, Homura," you say.

"Hello," Homura says. Violet eyes study you closely, and a moment passes in silence.

"Uh...?" you ask.

"I'm... glad to see you made it back," Homura says. "What happened in Ishinomaki and Sendai?"

**\[] What do you tell her? (Points, as always)
\[] What next?
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Curious Homura.
