# Under the Radar pt. 6

You exhale, blowing out a breath. "Quite a lot," you say. "Maybe we should sit down?"

Homura nods. "One moment." Her hand on your shoulder loos-

\-sens. You grunt, shaking your head in disorientation. "Ugh, I'm never going to get used to that," you grumble. Homura's holding a string against your hand, now, and you grab that, looping it around your wrist. She's holding the other end of the reel, of course.

You move over to the bench, dropping into it, and Homura seats herself, smoothing her skirt down. She looks patiently at you, waiting for you to start speaking.

"OK, so," you say. "The war's over. Mami, Kirika, and I went over to Ishinomaki, and we pulled the Ishinomaki girls off of Akiko, Sakura and Rin."

Homura frowns faintly. "You are aware that Hamasaki is usually the aggressor?"

"Yes, well, I am now," you grumble. "You could have told me before I left."

The timetraveller shakes her head slightly. "Not by telepathy," she disagrees.

"Fair enough," you allow. "Though speaking of her, do you know what the hell's up with Akiko?" you ask curiously. "I mean, apparently she's been going after Ishinomaki for years, and when I pressed her about her... 'tax' on the University girls, she went into this... mantra. 'Safety, security, commodity.' And then after we beat her, she broke down completely."

Homura shrugs, an infinitesimal, barely noticeable rise and fall of her shoulders. "I simply dealt with her, when she tried to bring the war here."

So she killed Akiko, then. You can't help but wonder if that might have been the better option. It would have been easier, certainly. So much easier. On the other hand, this way, everyone lived, and *that's* a good thing, at least. You sigh, the noise loud in the blanketing, muffling silence of timestop.

"Well, fair enough," you say. You're... hardly going to criticize her for that. Or at least, not like this. "Moving on. I talked to the Ishinomaki girls for a bit, and then we went to Sendai. We found the University group attacking Sendai, and they successfully stole Rin -uh, Mori Rin, Sendai's healer-" Homura nods fractionally in recognition, "-and we tried to negotiate."

"Did it work?" Homura asks, violet eyes intent as she leans forward slightly.

You shake your head. "No. We were attacked by Sendai and the mercenaries from Fukushima. And hey, uh. Speaking of which, you told me Moe's powers were 'shadow'? She has... some kind of superspeed."

"Superspeed over shadow," Homura nods in agreement.

"That's... not exactly the impression I got from just 'shadow'," you say. You keep your tone neutral, without emphasis or accusation.

Homura winces, very slightly. After a moment, she says, "I apologize."

You shake your head. "It's OK," you say. "Just... next time, try to be more precise?"

Homura bobs her head in a nod.

"So anyway," you say. "After we beat them all, Akiko was *still* trying to pull in reinforcements from Tokyo, via Sakura. We took them down, and then Akiko... basically went catatonic. Things went a lot more, ah, equitably after that."

You pause. You really want to complain about people ignoring you when you try to *talk*, when you try to be *civilized*. And that nobody takes you seriously until you shout and threaten like a cut-rate stage villain. You hold your tongue, though, because Homura's... not exactly the person to complain to about that.

Feh.

You continue. "I negotiated a peace between Sendai and the University girls, and a deal - Akiko's not in charge anymore, they stop fighting, and they try and hang on to Grief Seeds, and I'd drop by every week or so to refresh their Grief Seeds."

Homura presses her lips together, a small frown furrowing her brow. "Are they going to help out with Walpurgisnacht?"

"I haven't told told about it yet," you say with a shrug. "Possibly. Honestly, I'm just trying to help them out. Also... I'm more concerned with whatever big thing Oriko's scared of instead of Walpurgisnacht. Building up goodwill can't hurt."

"You believe her?" Homura asks, frown deepening.

You run a hand through your hair, tucking it behind your ear as you give it a moment's thought. "Yeah, I do, mostly," you say. "In the first place, what purpose would lying to us about there being a new thing serve?"

The frown doesn't abate. "To distract us from something *else*. Her *own* plans, perhaps," Homura says. "Don't trust her."

You sigh. "Yeah," you say, trying to placate her. "But the both of them, Kirika and Oriko, really were incredibly helpful in helping to shut things down, though. Kirika's an amazing fighter, and Oriko helped me *find* Akiko before she could pull more people in."

Homura doesn't respond vocally, the frownlines on her brow rapidly approaching World War I trenchworks in depth and complexity.

... You'll take the hint and drop the topic for now. You were thinking of bringing up lifting Kirika and Oriko's house arrest, but you... need a better approach to it, you think.

"Anyway," you say, shaking your head. "Moving on... Did you ever finish that list of Witches, by the way?"

Homura nods, and dips her hand behind her shield, retrieving a small wirebound notebook, which she hands to you. "This isn't all the Witches. Just the... significant ones," she says tonelessly.

"Thank you. And of course," you say, flipping through it. Street addresses, locations, descriptions, and approximate times. You recognize a few, you think. One that you're pretty sure is H. N. Elly, one that's Elsa Maria. And right at the end of the notebook is a drawing of a familiar, upside doll under a spinning gear.

Homura holds her hand out, seeming to think of something. You raise your eyebrows, passing the notebook back. She produces a pen from her shield to cross out three Witches from the notebook, before finally handing it back to you.

Thoughtfully, you pull a sphere of Grief to you from the mass lurking out of sight and encase the book in a thick casing of Grief - that *should* proof the book against nosy little bunnycats. Absently, you check the ring of Grief on your finger, wiggling it. Yep, still perfectly fine.

Homura gives the now solidly encased book an approving look.

"Thanks, Homura," you say again, tucking the notebook away into your bag.

Homura nods.

"OK, so," you say. "I... realize that this may not be that... easy to swallow for you. But hear me out, first?"

Homura nods, this time more slowly and thoughtfully, amethyst eyes studying you carefully.

"I'd like to tell Madoka and Sayaka about the lichbomb," you say. "That is, that our souls are in our Soul Gem." Homura's face slams into a frown again, and you hastily raise a hand. "Hear me out, please! The *worst* person to know is Mami - and she already knows. Madoka and Sayaka aren't magical girls yet, and this will *discourage* them, right? And you *know* how Sayaka will react to finding out about the lichbomb."

Very reluctantly, Homura nods. Her frown remains, though, etched deeply on her face.

"And Mami needs friends," you say, encouraged by Homura's positive response. "She needs more friends who know what she's going through, and won't reject her for it." You fall silent, letting Homura think about it.

Finally, she shakes her head, pressing her lips together. "I don't want her... I want Madoka to stay away from this."

---

- [ ] Try to convince her
  - [ ] How?
- [ ] Continue with rest of vote
- [ ] Write-in

---

I'm not going to list out all the Witches - but it's something you can consult to find one, that kind of thing.

Holding this in abeyance.

Spoiler

  - [x] One last thing. Show Homura your clear seeds.
    - [x] Talk about their capacity for cleansing.
    - [x] The danger of a clear seed coming in contact with a normal seed.
    - [x] Your intentions to 'revert Hildegarde' because it might just be possible.
      - [x] That you're not quite skilled enough with enchantment magic to attempt such a thing yet, and you'd like to ask her for her help.
