# Under the Radar pt. 7

You blink at Homura, vaguely surprised, before pressing your lips together. Homura... she *would* put Madoka into a gilded cage, wouldn't she? All things considered? And she *could*, if pushed. You take a moment to think, marshalling your thoughts while the dead silence of the timestop presses in on you.

"Homura," you say slowly. "Kyuubey was *riding on her shoulder* when I first met her."

"The less she knows," Homura counters, "The less likely she is to contract."

You shake your head. "No, Homura. If you want to protect her, then we need to *break* any positive image she has of the little white rat," you say, meeting Homura's violet eyes.

"I've *tried*," Homura says, pain and anger in the tight lines around her eyes. "She still..." Her hands tighten into fists.

"Homura," you say gently. "I know." Mentally, you can't help but annotate that 'showing up outside Madoka's window with a cryptic pronouncement doesn't actually do much'. You continue, trying to keep your tone placating. "But with *three* of us, you, Mami, and I, all agreeing that Kyuubey is dangerous, don't you think that it would be that much more effective?"

Homura sucks in a breath, lines around her eyes tightening, but doesn't otherwise react.

"I'm... Homura, I'm sorry, but the moment to keep Madoka *out* from the world of magical girls is long past. It was gone the moment Kyuubey noticed her enormous potential," you say. "We can't keep her isolated. We can only keep her from making the wrong *choice*, Homura, and she needs to know the hidden consequences for that. Otherwise she doesn't know enough to not make a Wish for frivolous reasons."

Homura closes her eyes, squeezing them shut. "It *doesn't work*. Even if she *knows* the consequences, she'll make her Wish. She *knew*, last time. She *still-* She made her Wish. Because *I-*" she breaks off, making a choked noise, hunching over.

You sigh, putting a comforting hand on Homura's shoulder. She's so *thin*, you notice. You... it's not something you haven't noticed before, but Homura's shoulder is... practically *bony* under your hand, barely any substance to the girl.

She flinches ever so slightly from your touch.

"Homura," you say. "*We* can keep her safe. We *can* do it, keep things from getting so bad that she'll ignore the consequences. But she needs to *know* those consequences, Homura."

"I..." Homura trails off, her eyes still squeezed shut. "I never succeeded."

Or she wouldn't be *here*.

*You* wouldn't be here.

"We can do it, Homura," you insist. "I *know* what's at stake here, Homura, and I'm with you to the end. And... Mami doesn't know everything-" *yet*, perhaps, "-but she's hardly going to support Kyuubey, right?"

Homura shakes her head slowly. Agreement or disagreement, you don't know.

You forge onwards. "The last thing we want is for Madoka's childhood friend to make a contract. And you *know* where Sayaka making a contract leads, right? You *know* what happens when she finds out about what Soul Gems really are. Can you think of a better way to persuade her *not* to make a contract?"

Homura's silent, swallowing convulsively. "I..."

Finally, she nods. Her voice is ragged, exhausted when she speaks again. "I... We can..." She trails off, setting for another nod, a quick, half centimeter dip of her head, her eyes still closed.

You look at her, concerned.

You'd... been meaning to ask her how she's holding up. This seems as good a time as any. "Homura," you say. "I'm going to give you a hug, OK?"

When she doesn't respond, you gently put an arm around her shoulders and squeeze her lightly. Skin and bone, really. *Careworn*.

She sits there, unresponsive.

"How are *you* holding up, Homura?" you ask, releasing her and sitting back. "You promised me you'd take better care of yourself, right?"

She nods slightly, eyes cracking open. "I have."

"Are you sure?" you ask. "Sleeping properly, eating properly?"

"Yes," Homura says, a trace of her more usual fiery will leaking into her amethyst eyes. "I slept last night. I ate."

"Eating *properly*?" you ask with gentle emphasis.

The time traveller glances away, looking faintly guilty.

You sigh, this time in fond exasperation. "Homura, you need to take *proper* care of yourself. But you know what, that brings me to my next point. Mami needs friends, and I wasn't just talking about Madoka and Sayaka."

Homura looks at you with her customary poker face. You... know her well enough by now to detect what might be faint bafflement on her face, though.

"I'm talking about *you*, Homura," you say, lips quirking into a little smile. "She'll be glad to have you over for dinner and sleepovers, you know, and so will I."

The poker face doesn't abate.

You thump her lightly on her shoulder, still smiling. "*You're* Mami's friend too. You're *my* friend, too, you know. And I'm inviting you to come over more often. Heck, tonight, even. I doubt Mami will object."

Homura blinks slowly, and nods. "Thank you."

"Good," you smile.

Hesitantly, Homura smiles back at you, the faintest quirk of her lips upwards.

You own smile broadens, and you nod approvingly.

"So that's settled, then," you say. "Moving on... I was thinking of using magic to heal Kyousuke's hand. Remove another reason for Sayaka making a contract, right?"

Homura cocks her head slightly, considering that. "It might work," she says.

"Did you ever try it before?" you ask.

"Yes," Homura says. "It was expensive, and... Miki... still made her contract after Mami died."

"Well, Mami's still alive and well," you say. "And she'll *stay* that way. So... maybe?"

Homura nods, looking thoughtful. A moment later, she speaks again. "He may develop a crush on you."

You stare at her.

She stares back.

The dead, muffled silence of the timestop stretches out.

"He gave up after a while," she offers.

You continue staring.

She nods.

Your head tilts over to the side.

Homura's face is utterly neutral, not a hint of her thoughts showing on her face.

...

You really, *really* want to get the full story out of her.

You also really, *really* doubt you ever will.

*Dammit*.

"Okaaaaay," you say. "Mooooving on. You remember a few days ago, on the top of the hospital? I nearly hatched a Witch by accident?"

"Yes," Homura says.

"I was messing around with Grief Seeds," you say. "I've... continued fiddling with them a bit, and, uh." You dip into your pockets, and retrieve Hildegard's and Aurora's Seeds - you're keeping them all separate, just in case. You hold out the two Seeds for Homura to see - two perfectly clear orbs, each surrounded by the familiar traceries of a Grief Seed.

Homura reaches for one, before hesitating.

"Go ahead," you say, motioning with Hildegarde.

Homura takes it, inspecting it minutely.

"So this is apparently what happens when I pull *all* the Grief out of a Grief Seed," you say. "It seems to cleanse perfectly normally - I tested it with Oriko, and she didn't even hesitate. And I'm guessing that one of these will probably last for *years* at a normal rate of consumption."

Homura looks intently at you. "This is... useful," she says.

"Yeah, there's a few problems, though," you say. "The first thing is... if you put it together with a normal Grief Seed, the normal one will yank the Grief right out - and that's what happened back on the roof of the hospital. I didn't know that would happen, and I kept them both in the same pocket, so Aurora-" you hold up the Grief Seed in your hand, "-stole enough Grief from Hildegarde-" you point at the one Homura has, "-to nearly hatch."

"I see," Homura says, returning to inspect the Seed she's holding, dividing her attention between you and the Grief Seed.

"And that brings me to my next worry," you say. "Because... Grief Seeds don't steal Grief from other Grief Seeds-" you raise an eyebrow at Homura, and she nods in confirmation, "-but Grief Seeds *will* take Grief from a *Soul Gem*."

Homura's eyes go wide, and she blinks first at you, then the Seed in her hand.

You shake your head. "I don't know. I honestly don't, but I'm not done experimenting with these," you say. "I'm... trying to turn Hildegarde into a Soul Gem, if it's at all possible."

"I *see*," Homura breathes, eyes still wide. "That's... that's..." she stops, lost for words.

"Yeah," you agree. "Yeah, it is. I *think*, though, that the next step is that I need to be able to do enchantment magic. And I'm completely terrible with that. Could I get your help with it?"

Homura shakes her head. "Ask Mami. She's better than I am," she says.

"Really?" you raise your eyebrows. "I thought..."

"Enchantment doesn't help me much," she says.

You frown, considering. "Hmm... OK," you say slowly. "I may still want your help, even if Mami's better - because I don't really want her to know about, you know, Witches yet."

Homura nods quietly, shifting in her seat. "Could I request a cleanse?" she asks.

"Hm? Oh, of course," you say, blinking at her.

Homura nods, raising her hand slightly to present the Gem to you, and you wipe the Grief away, leaving the Gem sparkling. "Say, do you have any used Grief Seeds?" you ask. "I can... 'reset' them back to an unused state," you say. "That doesn't seem to have any of the effects like... you know."

Homura nods, and returns Hildegarde to you before she reaches behind her shield, and withdraws a Grief Seed, about half full. You pull the Grief out of it with a sharp tugging motion, compressing the Grief into marbles to join the rest, restoring the Grief Seed back to an unused state.

"Yeah, hang on to half used Grief Seeds in future? I mean, don't fill them up all the way, just half fill them and then pass them to me?" you suggest.

"Alright," Homura agrees, replacing the Grief Seed in her shield. "Is there anything else?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

So, who likes noodles?
