# Under the Radar pt. 9

You sigh. Some colder, analytical part of you wonders at the... vaguely ominous phrasing of her apology, that she isn't plotting something against you even now. In the end, though, you... don't think she would do that. "I accept your apology, Oriko," you say.

Oriko nods.

Kirika looks curious, but returns to cuddling Oriko, idly toying with the waves of silvery grey hair cascading down the seer's side.

Where do you go from here?

You lean forward to collect your cup and take a sip of the tea, ignoring the voice in your head that says it might be poisoned. You're not sure that there's many poisons that would actually *work* on a magical girl, honestly. Though you suppose that Oriko, if anyone, would be able to figure out what *would* work. Not that you think she would.

Mami would like this tea, you think. Or... She'd like it if Oriko weren't the one serving it, you think.

Almost as if summoned by your thoughts of her, a telepathic call arrives from Mami. "*Sabrina?*"

You set aside the teacup again, thoughtfully. "*Mami! How are you?*"

"I... Oriko, I'll try to reduce tensions between you, Mami and Homura," you say out loud. You consider adding that you'll try and secure their release, but you decide not to make a promise you're not completely sure you can follow through on. Besides, Oriko should be able to figure it out.

Oriko's sea-green eyes rise to meet yours for a moment, and she nods slowly in acceptance. "I understand. Thank you."

"*Oh, we're making gyoza today!*" Mami informs you.

You suppress the urge to smile. "*Dumplings? That sounds great!*"

"Alright, then," you say to Oriko. "Do you need a cleansing? Did you use the Grief Seeds?"

"*Ah, I'll do my best,*" Mami replies to you. "*It's pork mince with chives, I hope that's alright?*"

"Yes, that would be appreciated," Oriko says. "And yes, I did. I was... forced to."

"Hmm. You've still got it, I hope?" you ask rhetorically, frowning minutely at the 'forced to'. You can sense the Grief Seeds on her person - one of them's pretty full. "The Grief Seed, I mean."

Simultaneously, you respond to Mami. "*Of course,*" you say. "*Though... won't they be a little soggy if they're left so long?*"

Oriko nods, reaching in her pocket and withdrawing the filled Grief Seed. About three quarters full, if you're any judge. It's probably for the best that you *did* give her one, after all. "Kirika?" Oriko murmurs quietly, leaning forward to place the Grief Seed on the table.

"Huh? Oh!" Kirika says, blinking enormous citrine eyes at her. She fumbles in her pocket to produce two Soul Gems - her own, and Oriko's. Oriko's Soul Gem is perhaps a quarter filled.

"*Ah, I'll only be cooking a few for taste in class, and the rest I can bring home,*" Mami explains.

You regard the Gems and the Grief Seed thoughtfully, wicking away the Grief with an effort of will. Wispy streamers of Grief, billowing in the air, flow out of the room to join the bulk you'd left outside. While you do so, you reply to Mami. "*That makes sense.*"

"Oriko, aren't you able to control your visions at all?" you ask.

"Somewhat," Oriko says, a faint grimace on her face. "Not completely."

"I help!" Kirika chirps. "Sometimes by-" She breaks off mid sentence, a small blush forming on her face.

"*I think maybe we can make some okonomiakyi to accompany the gyoza?*" Mami suggests. Pancakes, you recognize. Meaty, savoury pancakes.

"And it costs every time it happens, huh, voluntarily or not," you say. To Mami, you say, "*Sounds like a plan!*"

Another slow, measured nod from Oriko is your only response.

"*Alright!*" Mami says. "*Then... see you later, Sabrina?*"

"*Of course,*" you agree.

The call closes, and you sigh, grabbing your teacup and settling back into the sofa. You take a moment to banish thoughts of Mami -not even the romantic kind, just vast thundering crowds of Mamis stampeding through Oriko's mansion to find you- and to organize your thoughts.

Finally, you glance across at Oriko again. "So, um," you say. "If you don't mind, Oriko, I actually have a few questions, if the headaches aren't too much?" You hold up a hand. "I *do* mean that. Only if it isn't too much."

Oriko straightens, shaking her head slowly. "Ask," she says simply.

"If you're sure...?" You continue when Oriko nods. "Well, I understand that general questions don't work that well for you, but have you seen anything noteworthy recently? Anything involving Witches?"

Oriko begins to shake her head, before pausing, frowning. "If the information pertaining to Kamijou Kyousuke is important, you need to get it from someone other than Akemi," she says, looking faintly perplexed. "I don't... You don't succeed in getting it from her."

...

"Uh. OK, noted," you manage. "Moving on, then... if I gave you a time and place, could you backtrack events connecting to it?"

"Yes, but not with perfect fidelity," Oriko says.

"OK, then," you say, leaning forward. "Do you know about a place called Asunaro?"

"The city?" Oriko asks, giving you a puzzled frown. "It's west of here, in the Akita Prefecture."

"OK," you say, tilting your head and thinking. "OK, I'll want to come back to that later, I think, when I figure out how to properly phrase the question?"

"Very well," Oriko agrees.

"Umm," you say. "In the meantime, there's something I've been meaning to try, to see if I can heal people faster. It's... still experimental though, would you be willing to help us make sure that it's safe?"

Oriko considers that. "I am willing to try," she allows.

"Thank you," you say. You raise your hand, and call a sphere of Grief to you. It drops into your hands a moment later - a small, grapefruit sized blob. Enough for your purposes, you think. You force your will upon it. *Healing. I want something that can restore flesh and bone*.

The blob warps under your hand, becoming a slender rod about the length of your forearm, one with a single stylized snake wrapped around it. The Rod of Asclepius, the symbol associated with medicine and doctors.

It also feels like Witch-stuff.

Kirika lifts her head and peers at the rod in your hand, giving you a curious look, before returning to the comfort of her position nestled into Oriko's side, seemingly unconcerned. The seer, on the other hand, seems slightly perturbed, staring at the rod you've just made.

You grimace, holding it out to Oriko. "So, uh, I've been experimenting with making things all morning," you explain. "This is a healing rod. Do you think it'll work?"

Oriko takes it gingerly, holding it fastidiously between two fingers like it's something dragged in by the cat. She frowns, concentrating. "Yes... no," she says.

"No?" you ask, slumping in disappointment.

"It will heal, yes," Oriko says, a faintly nauseous look on her face. "But it won't last after you walk away."

"Oh. *Oh,*" you say. "Did you, uh. See yoursel-"

Oriko's nodding vigorously, her silvery ponytail bobbing.

"Oh. Well. Sorry," you say, reclaiming the rod and folding it back into Grief, the signature disappearing from your senses immediately.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Fun fact! The symbol of healing and stuff is the Rod of Asclepius, a single snake wrapped around a plain staff. The *cadeucus*, two snakes around a winged staff, is associated with messengers and whatnot.
