# Under the Radar pt. 11

You consider the masses of Grief that's been trailing you around the whole day. It's currently hidden in the manicured greenery around you, but that can't really stand. You turn off the main path, slipping away from the crowds.

"*Mami, Homura?*" you call out telepathically as you turn a corner down a sidepath. You pace up and down, making sure that there's no one to observe you.

"*Sabrina? Is something wrong?*" Mami replies immediately. "*School's almost done, I'll be right out!*"

"*Yes?*" Homura asks, the quiet question almost drowned out by Mami.

"*No, there's nothing wrong,*" you reassure Mami first. "*I'm near the school, actually, but I'm going to do something with the Grief really quick, and uh, if you sense something Witchy nearby, that's just me.*"

"*Noted,*" Homura says.

"*O-oh, OK,*" Mami says. "*Be careful, please?*"

To your surprise, Homura interjects. "*Mami, I doubt there is much that Sabrina can't handle.*"

"*O-of course,*" Mami says hastily. "*Just...*"

"*I'll be careful,*" you say, pulling Aurora's Seed out of your pocket. You focus, and Grief begins pouring back in, endless, ropy streams of deep purple funelling down into the tiny orb. "*And I'll see the both of you soon, OK?*"

"*Yes,*" Homura agrees.

"*See you soon, Sabrina,*" Mami says.

You sigh as that connection closes. But you've business to handle and no time for dawdling - you're on the clock, after all. Homura's little book of Witches you slip into your bag, still encased securely in its shell of Grief. You focus on packing away the Grief back into Aurora quickly, and finally... "*Kyuubey.*"

"*You've caused me a significant amount of work, Sabrina.*" Kyuubey's telepathic, child-like voice sounds in your head instantly, accompanied by its white-furred form slinking out from the bushes.

"Your problem, not mine," you say with a hint of satisfaction as you slide Aurora's Grief Seed into a pocket. "I have Grief for you."

"*Very well,*" Kyuubey says. It turns around and sits on its haunches, the aperture on its back sliding open obligingly.

With a grand wave of your arms, you gather the majority of the Grief before you, a tremendous mass of spheres drifting in the air, loosely gathered into a granulated cloud. You make a fist, and *will* the majority of the Grief down into small, incredibly dense lumps. Two of them. The signal of *Witch* sings in your senses, sharp and acrid.

Kyuubey tilts its head, half turning to fix you with its unblinking red gaze.

"Will this be a problem, Kyuubey?" you ask, with a careless gesture at the Grief. You direct the remaining, uncompacted portions of Grief -a nice round one thousand- into your slingbag

"*It shouldn't be!*" Kyuubey says. "*Please deposit one in my back.*"

A crook of your finger directs one of the tiny lumps into Kyuubey's back - it *vanishes* from your senses an instant after it passes the threshold. The cover slides shut, and Kyuubey wiggles on the spot, busy tail waving in the air behind it. "*This is acceptable,*" it declares a moment later.

"Right," you say, bringing down the next compressed sphere of Grief. It *hums* in your senses, declaring its presence to all who might be able to detect it. Kyuubey obligingly slides its back open, and you drop the transmuted Grief in.

"*What have you been trying to accomplish with the Grief Seeds, Sabrina?*" Kyuubey asks as it accepts the new lump.

"Sorry, I'm not taking any questions," you say, pulling out your phone and checking the time. Two minutes to make it to the school... You turn, and begin walking away. "Bye, Kyuubey."

Kyuubey doesn't follow you, sitting in the middle of the path and watching with its unblinking, glassy stare.

You break out into a brisk trot, and make it to the school gates *just* as the school bell rings to signal the end of the school day, audible even from out here. The voices of the students rise to a hubbub, a few people beginning to trickle out in ones and twos.

Mami bursts from the school doors a moment later, school bag in hand. Her head swivels wildly as she hunts for you, and upon spotting you standing outside the gate, runs over, golden drills bouncing. She slows to a walk as she approaches, expression becoming apprehensive. Fearful and apprehensive, afraid that you've found some reason to discard her.

Your heart aches at the sight. Mami... *shouldn't* be this way. She shouldn't be jumping at shadows, worried that the slightest mistake she makes will offend you. She shouldn't be terrified of being alone.

But this is something that will take *time* to heal. Time, and friendship, and acceptance.

You smile at her, hiding your own worry, and you hold out a hand to her. She reaches out and takes it in her own, fingers interlacing with your own.

"I'm here," you say, squeezing her fingers between yours. "I'm *here*, Mami."

Mami takes a shuddering breath. "I... yes," she says.

"Mami! Sabrina!" A familiar, boisterous shout.

You look up to see Sayaka, Madoka, and Hitomi approaching, Homura trailing a step behind. Sayaka's carrying a bag in either hand - her own and Hitomi's, you guess, considering that Hitomi isn't carrying one. Madoka waves at you.

You wave back with your free hand, smiling at them. "Hey, everyone," you call.

"Hi, Sabrina!" Madoka says.

"Hello," Hitomi greets you, dipping her head slightly to you.

"Hello, Sabrina," Homura says in her quiet voice.

"Hi, Sabrina!" Sayaka says brightly, stopping and placing one bag on the floor. "Have I ever mentioned how it's so unfair you don't have to go to school?"

"No, you haven't," you say, rolling your eyes.

"Well, it totally is," she says.

You shrug. "Well, it's not like I haven't been keeping busy. How's school been?"

"Eh, same old, same old," Sayaka says.

"Miss Saotome broke up with her boyfriend again," Madoka offers.

Hitomi shakes her head slowly. "Miss Saotome has terrible taste in boyfriends," she opines.

Homura nods. "She does."

Sayaka starts, eyeing the time traveller with an annoyed look, but doesn't say anything.

"Say, are we waiting for anything?" you say, gesturing down the road.

"Ah... my father's sending his driver to pick me up," Hitomi says, dipping her head with an embarassed blush. "I told him it wasn't necessary, but..." Her exasperated shrug speaks volumes.

"Yeah, that," Sayaka says, her earlier exuberance gone.

"Ah, I see," you say. You glance at Mami. "*Hey Mami, do you mind if we invite everybody over tonight? Nagisa, too?*"

Mami looks over at you. "*Sure! You don't have to ask, Sabrina.*"

"\*Maybe not, but I \*should," you tell Mami, smiling at her. You look at the others, and ask, "So, hey, would you girls like to come over tonight?"

"Ah, sure," Sayaka says. "I think my parents wouldn't mind me out for a bit, anyway..." She reaches into her pocket and pulls out her phone, rapidly tapping out a message.

Madoka nods, beaming. "I'd like that!"

"Thank you for the offer, but I'm expected home," Hitomi says, shaking her head ruefully.

Homura nods silently.

"Alright then!" you say, clapping your hands together. "And I'd like to invite Nagisa too," you add, reaching for your own phone with your free hand.

Madoka beams at you.

You dial Shin's phone number, and wait while it rings. A car pulls up while you wait, a sleek thing that you don't recognize the make of, and an older man emerges to open the door for Hitomi. The green haired girl gives him a severe frown for that. Sayaka holds out the bag that's still in her arms for Hitomi, and she accepts it with a smile, before saying her goodbyes.

"Bye, Hitomi," you say as the phone continues to ring - before being cancelled.

You frown down at your phone, and it buzzes with a message a moment later: *Currently in a meeting.*

Whoops.

You thumb-type a message in response. *Sorry, was wondering if I could invite Nagisa over today?* In response to Mami's questioning look, you reply, "Nagisa's uncle is in a meeting, apparently."

Mami nods. "Shall we start heading home?"

"Yes, let's," you agree. You keep your phone in hand as you start walking, angling towards home. "Say... Mami?" you ask a moment later, as Homura draws abreast of you, Madoka and Sayaka just behind and beginning their own conversation.

"Yes, Sabrina?" she asks, giving you a smile.

"Um... you used to be in the archery club?" you ask, as you idly thumb the button for the crossing at a traffic light.

"Oh, yes," Mami says. "I had to quit, though, because being a magical girl took up a lot of time."

"Ah," you say. "What kind of bow did you shoot, anyway?" Your phone vibrates in your hand - a message arriving. *Tomorrow would be better.*

"Umm... just a yumi. A smaller one," Mami says. You glance up from typing a reply -*OK.*- to see a look of faint confusion on her face.

"No western bows," Homura volunteers quietly.

A look of understanding dawns on Mami's face. "Ah, yes," she affirms, giving Homura a nod. "We only had yumi in the archery club, not the western style bows."

"Ah, I see. But aren't those..." you gesture well above your head, indicating the extreme height of the typical Japanese bow.

"Yes, they are," Mami says, nodding.

"Wow, *that* must've been quite fun," you say, trying to picture it.

"It was," Mami agrees. "But, ah, I guess I just don't have the time for it any more..."

You squeeze her hand comfortingly, and try to change the subject. "Say, Madoka, how about you?" you call, looking over your shoulder at her.

"A-ah?" the pinkette looks at you, confused.

"What clubs are you in?" you ask her.

"Oh! I'm in the Gardening and Crafts clubs," she says.

"Softball here," Sayaka says, still looking subdued. Madoka gives her a concerned look that the bluenette doesn't seem to notice, before giving you a worried glance. You shrug, puzzled.

"I haven't joined any clubs yet," Homura offers. "I don't think I will."

"Ah, yes," Mami says. "There's never enough time, right, Homura?"

Homura nods, and the conversation lapses after that.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Yumi, Japanese bows, are typically two meters or so tall.

The next conversation will bring you home, so vote accordingly.
