# Under the Radar pt. 12

"Sooooo," you say, looking around at your friends. "Did anything happen in school today?"

Madoka shakes her head. "I think Miss Saotome was drinking last night!" she confides to you in a scandalized whisper.

"Oh dear," you say. "Hangover?"

Mami smiles in reminiscence. "She did that a few times last year, too. She has a new boyfriend, right?"

Madoka nods vigorously. "But she picked on Nakazawa again!"

"Oh, *dear*," you chuckle, eyeing Sayaka. Ordinarily, she'd be all over this sort of thing, but she's just walking along, kicking at the ground with unnecessary force.

You quirk an eyebrow at Madoka, sending her a telepathic message, pulling in Mami, as well. "*Is Sayaka upset with something?*" Out loud, you add, "Does she always do that?"

"Oh, *yes*," Mami agrees fervently, giving Sayaka a surreptious glance. "In my year, it was Isoda."

"*A-ah... I... Sayaka's family isn't as... well off as Hitomi is,*" Madoka answers, a worried look in her eyes. She looks down, tapping her fingers together. "*She feels like she owes Hitomi, and won't be able to pay her back.*"

"*Ah, hm,*" you say, reflecting on that. "*I see.*" Well that's going to be... you're not *sure* you have a solution for this one, though you're going to think about it.

"Madoka?" Homura asks, looking at her with the barest hint of concern on her face.

"Hm? Ah, Homura! Sorry, Homura, I was just thinking," Madoka says, her hands dropping back to her sides.

Homura's quiet tones seem to rouse Sayaka from her depression. "Hey, leave Madoka alone!"

"Ah, Sayaka, it's OK," Madoka says, before shyly adding, "I... Homura's just concerned for me."

Sayaka snorts, looking away. A thought seems to strike her, and she snaps her fingers. "Ah! I got my math homework today!" she says, shifting her bag to one hand so that she can rummage in it with the other without breaking step. She produces a familiar looking sheaf of stapled papers, and this time, prominently marked at the top is a large, bold 'A'. "Thank you so much, Sabrina!" she grins at you.

You chuckle. "You're welcome."

Sayaka shakes her head. "Jeeze. You know, it's still not fair that you don't have to go to school and you're so damned *good* at it."

"Would you like to know my secret?" you ask, grinning at her and lowering your voice conspiratorially.

"Yeah?" She *knows* it's a setup, judging from her expression, but she's willing to play along with it.

"Brain damage," you say, nodding gravely.

"Brain... damage," Sayaka repeats.

"Mmmhm," you agree, solemn expression giving way to a broad smirk.

"I'd believe it," Sayaka says, nodding seriously.

"Hey!" you protest in mock indignation, levelling your finger at her. "See if I help you with your homew\... no, wait, I've used that threat already."

Sayaka sticks her tongue out at you, and then turns to Madoka. "Her brain damage is acting up again," she says in a stage whisper.

Madoka giggles, covering her mouth.

"Oh, come on, Mami, back me up here," you say, giving her a pleading look. "Maybe we can not cook for her?"

"I don't think you have brain damage, Sabrina," Mami offers diplomatically.

"'course not," Sayaka says, grinning at you.

The rest of the journey home passes amidst happy chatter, cheerful banter passing between you, Sayaka, Madoka and Mami. Even Homura interjects, once or twice.

"I'm home," you call as you step inside.

"Welcome home," Mami says, smiling at you as she follows you in, moving to leave her bag on the shelf. You leave yours beside hers as she begins rummaging, pulling out a large, multilayered container - the gyoza, you presume. The others file in behind you.

"Mami, what are we eating today?" Sayaka asks, grinning.

"Sayaka! That's rude!" Madoka scolds.

"Ah, we made gyoza today, but there's not enough, so we'll be cooking some dishes in addition!" Mami says.

"Ummm... Sabrina, weren't you going to invite Nagisa?" Madoka asks curiously.

"Ah, yes, I was," you say as you follow Mami into the kitchen. "She couldn't make it. Uh. Make yourselves at home, by the way," you say, gesturing at the sofas.

Mami sets the container on the table, and begins unpacking it, pulling it open to reveal layer after layer of plump , perfectly formed dumplings. You look over her shoulder. "Those look great, Mami!" you compliment her.

"Ah, these aren't anything special," Mami says.

"Yes, they are," you say, touching her lightly on the shoulder. "And I'm sure they'll taste amazing, too. Do you think we should get started on dinner now?"

Mami glances at the clock, and you follow her gaze - it's about four. "It's still early," she says. "I think we can make some tea?"

You smile. "That sounds great, then!" You reach for the kettle and fill it up, while Mami moves the dumplings into the freezer. She considers the contents of the freezer compartment for a moment, before retrieving a package of minced meat and moving it down to the refrigerator.

"Ah, this is the last of the cake," Mami says as she brings said cake out. "I'll have to bake another soon."

"Ooh," you say, smiling. "That sounds fun!"

Mami returns the smile happily, holding your gaze as she reaches for the cabinet where she keeps the tea. "Ceylon, I think?" she asks.

"Sounds good," you agree.

It doesn't take too long before you and Mami emerge from the kitchen with trays bearing teacups and slices of cake. You find Sayaka, Madoka and Homura sitting on the sofa, Madoka and Sayaka chatting quietly. After serving everyone, you settle down to eat, Mami at your side.

A stray thought strikes you as you eat, and you pause, rubbing your chin pensively as you think.

"What's on your mind, Sabrina?" Mami asks, touching you lightly on the elbow.

"Hm? Oh, nothing, really," you say, blinking at her. "Just thinking... is it just me, or am I really the only magical girl who wears pants?" You set your fork down and scratch your head. "Kirika has those shorts, and uh, what's-her-name Tsukada Hoshiko, in purple, had armour, but..."

Mami giggles. "Um... That can't be true. There's, um..." She stops, setting her fork down and cupping her own chin thoughtfully. "There's... Hmm."

Homura glances over.

"Pants, Homura," you tell her. "Is it just me, or do magical girls basically *not* wear pants? It's always skirts or stockings or something."

"Really, Sabrina?" Sayaka asks.

"Umm... Maybe they just like skirts better?" Madoka suggests.

Homura seems to give the question some consideration, her head tilting slightly.

"Seriously?" Sayaka asks. "Even you, transfer student?"

Homura gives her a gimlet stare, before looking at Mami. "One of the Tokyo girls?" she suggests.

Mami claps her hands together. "Ah! You're right, Homura! Uhh... Taniguchi, I think?"

"*Actually* pants?" you ask, raising an eyebrow.

Mami laughs. "Yes, actually pants. You're right, Sabrina, they *do* seem rather uncommon."

"What, *seriously*," Sayaka grumbles.

Madoka giggles.

You pick up your fork again, slicing into the cake with a smile. "Oh hey, change of subject," you announce, quietly willing Grief marbles out from your bag, melding them into your musical instruments. "Who likes music?"

"Is the punchline pants?" Sayaka asks, giving you a suspicious look.

Mami giggles, and immediately claps her hand over her mouth.

"Nope," you say, starting the [music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LF1ek8uzHZo#t=62).

Sayaka's eyes go wide, her head turning with an audible snap to stare at your instruments. Just for that, you toll the bells extra loudly in her face, grinning at her awed expression as you weave in the strings. A slow grin blossoms on her face, as she bobs her head in time with the music.

When the short tune winds down, Sayaka claps, Mami and Madoka add their own delighted applause. "OK, that's *seriously* not fair," Sayaka says, unable to suppress a grin. "But *woooooow* that melody did you come up with that yourself?"

You shrug. "Dunno, I might have heard it somewhere?" You dredge up another tune from your memory, and [start](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beT4TWAEtqw) it.

Mami smiles proudly at you as you play, faux-conducting the music with your hands - it's not like the gestures are actually necessary to control your instruments.

Delighted clapping greets the end of that song too.

"Let's see," you say. "I think *this* suits you, Homura." The time traveller frowns at you as you begin playing a [peppy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWqq_jsFOkg), upbeat tune for her.

"I think it suits you, Homura!" Madoka says brightly.

"Naaah, Sabrina, don't you have something all dark and gloomy?" Sayaka disagrees.

"I think Homura can be happy too," Madoka says. "Right, Homura?"

Homura nods silently.

As the music winds down, you grin at Mami. "And for *you*, Mami, of course..." You take a deep breath, and [begin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lujEQHNeVE) playing.

Mami sways along with the music with a happy smile on her face, her eyes sliding shut.

All too soon, the song ends, and Sayaka applauds enthusiastically, joined by Madoka. Mami claps too, her gaze meeting yours with a broad smile on her face.

"So," you say. "I'm taking requests."

Time passes with happy chatter and music requests, the afternoon fading into evening, and eventually, you decide that you can't put things off any more. "*Mami, Homura?*"

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" Mami responds, while Homura's violet eyes flick over to you.

"*I know this... isn't a happy topic, but...*" you say. "*We... need to tell Madoka and Sayaka the truth about Soul Gems. Are you... up for it?*"

Mami's face falls, her earlier smile vanishing. Her golden eyes search yours, and she reaches out a hand to grab yours under the table. You squeeze her hand tightly, trying to reassure her.

"*I-I,*" Mami stutters. "*Y-yes, if you think it's for the b-best, Sabrina.*"

"*Yes,*" Homura says.

"Mami? I-is something wrong?" Madoka, sitting across the table, looks worried.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Also, *agh*, I just spent 45 minutes looking for a good orchestral version of credens justitiam and failed.
