# Under the Radar pt. 13

"*Mami?*" you ask in concern, squeezing her hand. "*Do you need a moment? Are *you* OK with doing this now, Mami? It's OK if we do it another day.*"

"*N-no, I... we should do it today,*" Mami says, looking at you.

"*Are you sure, Mami?*" you say, your brow furrowed in worry. "*Really, it's OK.*" Homura, across the table, gives you a minute frown.

Mami takes a deep, shaking breath. "*No. Let's do it now,*" she says.

"*Would you like to start?*" you ask.

Mami bites her lip, swallowing hard. Finally, she looks up at Madoka and Sayaka, who are looking increasingly worried as the silence stretches out.

"Madoka, S-Sayaka," she starts, voice wavering. "I- we- you shouldn't become magical girls. K-Kyuubey-" Mami's voice chokes over, and she stops speaking.

The two girls stare, confusion and worry written plainly on their face.

You raise your left hand, bearing both your Soul Gem in ring form and that ring of Grief you never bothered to dissolve. A twist of your mind has your egg-shaped Soul Gem forming on your palm, and you set it down on the coffee table with a quiet clink that draws the attention of both Madoka and Sayaka.

"This is my Soul Gem," you say deliberately. "Unfortunately, the name isn't an embellishment. Kyuubey takes the souls of magical girls and puts them into, well." You tap a finger against your Soul Gem. Mami's grip on your hand, under the table, becomes bone crushing in force as she shrinks in on herself, unable to meet anyone's eyes.

There's a look of slowly dawning horror on Madoka's face, her gaze flicking from you, to Mami, to Homura, sitting beside her. Her eyes dart down to Homura's ring, and then back to her face, begging for an answer. Homura shakes her head slowly.

Sayaka's face is just as horrified, and she swallows hard. "Ha. Y-you're joking, r-rig-" Her lips press together, unable to even finish the sentence.

Tears well up in Madoka's pink eyes. "T-tha-t-that's terrible!" she wails, lunging at the time traveller and wrapping the girl in a hug. "Y-you- h-he-"

Homura stiffens at the touch, before softening and letting Madoka clutch her.

Madoka's reaction seems to be the catalyst for *Mami* beginning to cry. She blinks furiously, trying to suppress the tears, until you drag her into a tight hug. She buries her head against your shoulder, trying to muffle the sobs wracking her body.

Another pair of arms wrapping around Mami from behind her - Madoka, herself starting to cry in earnest, tears leaking down her cheeks.

Sayaka slams a fist against the coffee table, the plates and cups jumping in a cacophony of clatters drowned out by Madoka's crying. "Why? *Why* would he *do* that?"

"So we can fight better," you say tonelessly, still holding Mami tightly as she shakes, your shoulder slowly dampening with tears. "We can fight on even if we lose every drop of blood, even if we lose our limbs, even if we get torn in two." You meet Sayaka's eyes. "But if you take it away? We... shut down."

"Damn it," Sayaka snarls.

A quiet rustle of cloth beside you. Homura, kneeling beside you as she touches a hand to Madoka's shoulder in silent support.

"*Damn* it," Sayaka says softly, hurrying around the table to join the group hug.

Slow, shaking sobs accompany the swiftly fading light of the evening.

Mami draws back eventually, her eyes puffy and red from her sobs. Madoka's in a similar state as she sits back, while Sayaka looks exhausted, as if she bore the weight of the world on her shoulders. Homura's eyes are hooded, her head bowed, almost as if in supplication.

"H-he's n-not-" Mami's voice is a cracked, lifeless thing, not even a shadow of her usual rich, warm timbre. She licks her lips, trying again. "H-he's not your friend. H-*he*-"

"He didn't tell us," you say, taking your cue from Mami, and her hand between your own. You run your thumb over her knuckles, drawing the Grief from her Soul Gem with the barest fragment of concentration and will. "He doesn't tell us about the perils or the truth." You smile bitterly. "A liar by omission. He doesn't feel for us. He doesn't feel *anything* at all."

You glance at Homura, twitching a hand slightly in a silent question. She shakes her head slightly.

"T-that's a-awful," Madoka whispers.

"I'm sorry," you say. "But you needed, *deserved* to know not to trust Kyuubey. It *isn't* your friend, it doesn't care what happens to you, and it'll do its best to trick you into contracting."

Sayaka growls, guttural and throaty. "*Damn* it," she says again, hands clenched into fists in impotent rage and nostrils flaring wide.

"Madoka," Homura whispers, amethyst eyes fixed on Madoka, pleading desperation in her eyes as she kneels in front of Madoka. "Please, promise me. That you won't make a contract with Kyuubey."

"I w-won't," Madoka says, in fits and starts. "I w-*won't* do anything like t-that, Homura. B-besides," she offers a weak, shaky smile. "I-I'm too wimpy to do s-something like t-that."

Sayaka looks at Homura. "I... I guess I owe you an apology, transfer student," she grits out from between clenched teeth.

Homura nods silently.

Mami's hand trembles weakly in yours. Golden eyes, still bloodshot and puffy from crying, search your face, and you give her a warm, reassuring smile.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Layer upon layer of contingency. Am I talking about me?
