# Under the Radar pt. 14

Your hands tighten on Mami's, and you pull her into a hug again. She hangs limply in your arms as you stroke her hair, slowly and rhythmically, teasing your fingers through the strands. "I'm here," you murmur into her hair. "I'm *here*, Mami. We're here." Her rise slowly, as if in a trance, and hugs you back tightly with desperate strength.

Over Mami's head, you see Madoka turning back to watch you and Mami, her pink eyes wet with worried, *pleading* tears.

You nod minutely, careful not to disturb Mami as she leans into you. Your gaze slides across to Sayaka, sitting beside Madoka. She's staring down at her lap, hands clenched into white-knuckled fists. She glances up, looking at you, Mami, and finally Homura in turn, before clenching her teeth together and staring down at her hands again.

Homura watches Madoka, the weight of her silent, unending vigil almost a tangible thing.

Mami loosens her deathgrip on you, though her arms are still wrapped around you. "T-thank you, S-Sabrina," she whispers, eyes still closed and head leaning against you. "Thank you, s-so *much*."

You exhale. "For nothing, Mami," you say, equally softly.

Mami separates from the hug, one of her hands staying on yours. She half turns, facing Madoka and Sayaka, and half bows to them from her seating position. "I-I'm sorry. I'm s-sorry f-for t-trying to r-recruit you into b-being magical g-girls," she croaks.

Sayaka hunches in on herself, still watching the floor. "I-it's OK," she says. "You... it's Kyuubey's fault."

Madoka sniffles, scrubbing at her face with her sleeve. "I-I'm sorry I can't do anything."

Homura reaches out towards Madoka, but her hand halts in the air, and she pulls her hand back to her chest.

The movement doesn't escape Madoka, and she reaches out her own hand towards Homura, a small, tentative smile on her soft face despite the unshed tears.

Homura's gaze drops, and she closes her eyes, swallowing.

You shake your head, yourself reaching out to lay your hand on Homura's shoulder, Mami's hand tightening on yours as you're forced to lean away from her a little. Tired amethyst eyes slide open, meeting yours, and you smile softly at her. You gently take her hand, and present it to Madoka.

Madoka's hands close on Homura's, holding it tightly. "I-I'm s-sorry," Madoka whispers. "I-it really h-hurts to to see you suffering so much, and n-not be able to do anything about it."

"N-*no!*" Homura says, her iron veneer cracking. "M-madoka, j-just let me protect you...."

"Homura..." Madoka whispers, clutching Homura's hand.

You blow out a breath. "Madoka, not contracting needlessly isn't cowardice, it's *wisdom*." You meet and hold her eyes. "There are other ways to help. You're braver than you give yourself credit for, Madoka," you say with a thin, ironic smile. "Believe me. But you're also *smarter* than that. The cost is too high. Not just for you, but for everyone who cares about you."

"I-I don't u-understand," Madoka says.

"You don't have to," Homura says. "J-just *please*-"

"I w-won't," Madoka says.

Silence falls again, Homura's head bowed over her hands, clutched in Madoka's. Sayaka seems uncomfortable, glancing at you, then Madoka and then back again.

"Sayaka," you say. The bluenette looks up at you, frustration evident in her frown and the way her hands are still fisted in her lap. "You were thinking of using your Wish to heal Kyousuke, right?"

She looks away. "Y-yeah," she admits. "I guess that's o-out of the question, huh."

"We can still heal him, though," you say.

"Y-yeah," she repeats, still looking away, shoulders hunched and head dipped so that her fringe shadows her eyes.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Poor sad... well, everyone, really.
