# Under the Radar pt. 15

You take a deep, shuddering breath and blow it out in a hard exhale. You reach out to check the teapot - about what you'd expect. Barely lukewarm. You rise wearily, getting one hand onto your knee to push yourself up. Mami lets go of your hand as you rise with a little whimper, one that *hurts* to hear, and she stares up at you with an apprehensive, worried, look.

You smile, and hold out a hand to her. She accepts it, and you pull her to her feet, smiling at her. "I'm just going to go make some fresh tea," you say, as much to Mami as everyone else. Madoka gives you a quick nod and a smile, still holding Homura's hand in hers, and Homura, for her part, seems to be fighting to control herself.

A solemn tableau hued in the oranges of evening.

You sigh again, picking up the teapot before heading to the kitchen with Mami following close behind you.

You dump the tea down the drain, straining out the leaves to toss into the rubbish. A bit of clattering is Mami getting new tea leaves as you refill the kettle with water and set it to boil. Mami comes up behind you, touching you gently on the elbow, and you look at her to find a hopeful expression on her face, mixed with a trace of worry. Reading the unspoken request, you drape your arm around her, hugging her to you as you wait for the water to boil.

Eventually, you have a fresh pot of tea steeping, and you carefully bring it out to the living room. You sit at the table, and Mami immediately slides into a seated position right beside you. You look down at her, receiving a smile in response, one faintly tinged with worry hidden in the lines around her eyes. You return the smile, holding her gaze for a few moments.

You squeeze Mami lightly, and then reach for the teapot, pouring out fresh tea for everyone. Hardly anyone seems to notice, though, Sayaka barely deigning to give the cup you slide over to her a glance, and Madoka giving you a quick, grateful smile. Homura doesn't even seem to notice the gently steaming cup of tea at her elbow, opting instead to keep her gaze on Madoka, staring as if the pinkette might evaporate in a puff of smoke if she looked away.

Mami simply opts to settle comfortably into your side, ignoring the tea.

You sigh again, glancing at Sayaka, seemingly lost in her own world. "Sayaka?" you call softly.

She looks up at you. "Hmm? Yeah?"

"Do you want to talk about it?" you ask carefully.

"N-no, it's nothing, really," Sayaka says, looking away again.

"The hell it is," you say quietly. "You're upset, Sayaka."

"A-ah!" Madoka shifts, half turning to face her friend. "S-Sayaka?"

The bluenette sighs, looking at the pinkette. "I-" She doesn't get far before her lips seal together again. "I just..."

She looks at you and Mami. "I... I owe Hitomi. I-" her hands twist at the hem of her brand new uniform shirt, "a-and I don't *know* how I can pay her back. I thought... maybe. Magic. I could become a magical girl, like Mami and you a-and even A-Akemi there. A hero of justice, and save people. Like you saved me and my parents. That would be great. And I could help Hitomi and K-Kyousuke and-"

Sayaka breaks off, and looks away, her eyes shadowed in the scant evening light shining through the windows. "S-sorry. It's nothing."

Madoka lunges for Sayaka, wrapping the girl in a hug. "I-it's *not* n-nothing, Sayaka. It's *not*."

Sayaka swallows heavily. "It..." She gestures wordlessly to your Soul Gem, still sitting on the table. "I don't... I don't even compare. Y-your Souls are in *rocks*. Kyuubey..." There's a note of quiet horror to her voice.

Mami sags at the reminder, her entire body slumping. She half turns against your side, trying to hide her face.

You hug her close. It's the only thing you can think of, and you swallow the lump in your throat as you feel her shake in your arms.

The motion catches Sayaka's eye, and she stiffens in Madoka's hug. "Oh, no. No, Mami, I didn't mean..." she says. She stands, and hurries over, but with Mami trying to burrow into your side, she has to settle for an awkward hug around the two of you.

A moment later, you feel another pair of warm arms settle around you and Mami - Madoka.

Homura shuffles over, awkwardly reaching out to pat Mami on the back - just once, and then she withdraws her hand, watching at Madoka with an expression of distant *pain* in her violet eyes.

"M-Mami," Madoka whispers. "Y-you're my sempai. I-it doesn't matter where your s-soul is, you're still my friend." Lifting her head a fraction, she looks at you and Homura in turn, meeting you squarely in the eyes. "You too, Sabrina, Homura."

"Mami, I didn't mean t-that," Sayaka whispers, her voice wretched and ashamed. "I- just... I'm, my worries are so *small-*"

Madoka shifts, her arms wrapping as far around Sayaka as she can. "You *too*, Sayaka. P-please don't do this to yourself."

"Yeah," Sayaka says. "Yeah, I shouldn't. I'm sorry." She falls silent, and Madoka gives her a look that says she's only letting it drop for *now*, the barest hint of a worried frown. The pinkette glances at *you*, the worry still evident in her eyes.

The orange light of the evening is fading fast outside, shadows creeping into Mami's apartment. Silently, Homura rises to her feet, ghosting towards the light switch and flicking it on with a sharp snap.

The light seems to startle Mami, and she jerks slightly, pulling back to look around with bleary, reddened eyes.

"A-ah," she says. "I-I'm sorry, I should make dinner, it's late."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Man why is everyone so sad
