# Under the Radar pt. 18

You smile back at Mami, and deliberately bump her in the side with your elbow. She giggles, shaking her head with a fond smile as she takes the next soaped dish from your hands.

"Hey Mami?" you say idly as you start soaping the utensils you'd used.

"Mm?" Mami gives you an inquisitive look.

"Well... Homura asked if we wanted to go out hunting tonight," you say, judiciously editing the time traveller's words a little. Well, all things considered, Homura even *asking* is practically putting up a billboard with neon signage, except that this is Japan and it'd probably be one of those massive LED screens rather than neon and that isn't really relevant. "Are you interested, or shall we just stay at home and relax tonight?" you smile at her.

Mami mulls it over as she starts rinsing the utensils in batches, the chopsticks clacking together in her hands. "Yes," she decides finally, smiling. "We shouldn't let Homura hunt alone..."

"OK," you say, your smile widening. "I'll let her know, then."

Mami smiles at you, nodding.

"*Homura?*" you ask as you hand over the last of the utensils and reach for the pan used for gyoza.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" Homura asks.

You make a face as you scrub at the pan; frying gyoza almost inevitably leaves bits of flour stuck to the pan. "*We're going hunting tonight, we'll be on our way in a short while?*"

"*Noted,*" Homura says.

"*See you soon, then,*" you say, trying to scrape off a particularly stubborn lump. You briefly debate bringing in a shard of Grief before deciding that that's probably a bad idea.

Eventually, the two of you finish the dishes, and prepare to head out.

"Oh," you say, reaching into your pocket and withdrawing Irene's Grief Seed, holding it out to Mami with a smile. "Here, Mami, I'm done with this."

"Ah," Mami says, taking it. "Did you succeed in your project?"

"Eh... Maybe, maybe not," you say noncommitally, rocking your hand from side to side as you call your sling bag to you by the marbles contained within it. You snatch the bag from the air and sling it over your shoulder in one smooth motion.

"Oh... I'm sure you'll succeed," Mami says as she unlocks the door.

"I hope so!" you agree, stepping outside and holding the door for Mami to slip by you.

"*Hey, Homura, we're on our way over,*" you say as you put your shoes on.

"*Meet me at Madoka's house,*" she replies.

"*OK,*" you send back. To Mami, you report, "Homura says to meet her at Madoka's house."

"Oh?" The blonde smiles faintly.

"Yep," you confirm.

"Let's not disappoint her, then," Mami says, taking a deep breath.

You head to the roof of the building and transform. The chill of night is already setting in rapidly, and the warm insulation of your longcoat is a welcome addition. "Say, Mami?"

"Yes, Sabrina?" she asks.

"How *do* you roof hop without, you know, breaking everything?" you ask. "I... *still* can't get the hang of it."

"Oh, it's... practice," Mami says. "I could show you a few quick tips before we go?"

"I'd love that," you say, giving Mami a big smile.

She returns the smile. "Well, first, you need to change the way you land," she says. "Um... your rolling method works, but you can't do it all the time, right?"

"Right," you nod in affirmation. You'd been using something vaguely like parkour to roll and bleed off momentum, but it doesn't always work properly, especially not for the longer jumps.

Mami nods. "Umm... you need to try and pulse a bit of magic and land like *this*-" she demonstrates, crouching and jumping with a deceptively casual motion that nevertheless launches her from one end of the roof to the other. She lands smoothly, shifting her weight gracefully and twirling to face you. "-so that you don't break the rooftops. Did you see that?"

"Um... not really," you admit. "Maybe you could show me again?"

"Ah, OK, but this actually took me a while to figure out," she frets, a small frown furrowing her brow. "Not that you'll take as long, of course, but we shouldn't be late..."

"If I don't, it's because I have an excellent teacher, Mami," you tell her.

She gives you a quick smile, before crouching and leaping back towards you. You try to pay attention to how she land, how the faintest strobe of magic diffuses the momentum away, but you don't feel confident of replicating it.

You smile warmly at her. "Thanks, Mami. I'll try it as we travel?" you suggest.

"Alright," she says. "Shall we go, then?"

"Yes, let's," you say, walking to the edge of the roof and leaping off.

You try, you honestly do, but you just can't get the timing nor the motion quite right, and you wince at every sharp crack that sounds under your feet as you land and push off. Mami sends you a sympathetic glance, but you just shake your head in rueful irritation. In the end, you return to your parkour-esque rolls for bleeding away momentum.

The two of you speed across the city, heading towards the suburbs, roofhopping until the lack of taller buildings forces you to ground level. A ground eating lope at puella magi speeds, however, soon brings you within viewing distance of the Kaname residence. Still an enormous, expansive building set admist rolling foilage that should by all rights be impossible in land starved Japan.

The two of you slow to a walk and approach, keeping away from the pools of light cast by the streetlights and the sparse traffic. And that's another thing - how is it *possible* that there's *sparse* traffic in a *huge* city in Japan, at barely *eight* at night? Mami walks close by your side, her elbow and hand occasionally brushing yours.

"Here." A quiet voice interrupts your confused musings. You look up, just in time to see Homura drop out of a sturdy tree to land in front of your, hair drifting around her in a dark cloud as she lands. Homura looks at the two of you neutrally.

"Hi, Homura," you say, lifting your hand in a lazy wave. "How's things?"

Homura blinks slowly. "Acceptable," she says.

"Good," you say. "Shall we?" You half turn and gesture back towards the city proper.

"We should patrol this area," Homura suggests.

"Ah, that's a good idea," Mami agrees. "I don't come out here as often as I should..."

Homura nods.

"It's settled, then," you declare cheerfully, bouncing lightly on your feet. "Lead on!"

Homura walks away, accelerating to a rapid, ground eating lope threading between the darkest areas of the suburbs. You recognize the pattern, slowly spiralling out with Madoka's house at its center.

"*So,*" you send out to both Homura and Mami as you follow Homura. "*I was thinking...*"

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" Mami asks.

"*Well, we don't really work as a team,*" you say. "*I mean, we all kind of fight individually, we don't really combine our powers.*"

"*Hmm,*" Mami says thoughtfully. "*Well, that's how it usually works,*" she says with a note of apology in her voice. "*I don't... my rifles wouldn't really work well with your powers, Sabrina. We can *fight together*, and we already are, but... combining powers...*"

"*Oh, that's a good point,*" you say, frowning slightly as you hop over a fence without even breaking stride.

"*Sorry, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*It can be done, I'm sure! I'm... just not sure how.*"

"*For *nothing*, Mami,*" you tell her. "*But well, if that doesn't work... how do your weapons and enchantments work, Mami, Homura?*"

"*Oh!*" Mami says. "*My muskets are actually made of ribbons,*" she declares with a faint note of pride in her voice. "*It took me a long time to figure it out, though.*"

"*Mine are just guns,*" Homura says. "*Mostly stolen from the yakuza.*"

And the JSDF, you think to yourself. But it's not exactly polite to say so.

"*Ah, I was wondering about that,*" Mami says, before glancing back at you. "*Any reason, Sabrina?*"

"*Well... I was just trying to think of ways to extend our powers,*" you explain. "*And I never did figure out how to enchant things...*"

"*You'll figure it out eventually, I'm sure,*" Mami says confidently. "*And if you need help, just tell me, alright?*"

"*I will, thanks, Mami,*" you agree.

You find a Witch Barrier after twenty minute's of uneventful searching - the most exciting thing that happened was dodging the glare of headlights from the few vehicles. Not because of any danger, but rather because you didn't want to be seen.

You find the Barrier nestled away in the side of what looks like an unoccupied house. That's your guess, anyway, judging from the outside of the it - no shoes lying around, dust thick on the grilled gate. The Barrier is a glowing slit in reality, hanging at the back door of the building.

"Sorry, one moment?" you murmur. "I want to take a look at this."

"Alright," Mami says, and Homura nods.

You lean in close to the Barrier, examining it closely with your senses. It's... you frown, taking a step to the side, trying to get a different angle on the Barrier. There's *Grief*, glowing like a supernova in your senses, and *magic*, threading through it. More importantly, though, you try to figure out *how* it's bigger on the inside.

It's... a Barrier seems like an incredibly dense structure of Grief, an entire space tucked away at right angles to reality. It makes your eyes water to look at it, even if that makes no *sense* since you're not actually *looking* at it, and you wince. But you... *think* you have an idea of how it works. Maybe.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks. "Are we going in?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

I would like a little detail on what science you plan. Holding in abeyance:

Spoiler

- [x] Do careful examination of it's familiars, to get a better idea of how they can act independently of the witch.
- [x] Later, review and update notebook within sphere of grief, so as to block Kyubey.
