# Under the Radar pt. 20

You take the Seed gratefully, giving Homura what's probably a rather ghastly looking smile. Shakily, you touch it to your Soul Gem, just to be sure. No Grief flows from your Soul Gem; it seems like you'd cleansed it fully.

"Thanks, H-Homura," you manage, voice still shaky.

Mami drags you into a tight hug again. "Sabrina, you're alright. You're *alright*," she whispers, speaking to herself as much as she is to you.

"Y-yeah," you say, closing your own arms around Mami. You swallow, trying to control the jittering, and try again. "Yeah, I'm fine. It's... just some feedback from... the Familiar, or the Witch, I'm not sure which."

"D-don-" Mami whispers. "Don't *do* that to me. P-*please*."

"I'm *fine*," you say again, drawing back a little. Teary, worried eyes meet yours, and you reach up, gently wiping away her tears with a thumb, giving her a small smile. "But I'm sorry, Mami. I'm so sorry, Mami, for making you worry." You look at Homura, kneeling beside you and Mami, and meet her eyes as well. "And you too, Homura. I'm sorry. I... didn't expect that to happen at all, and I won't do it again."

"I-I," Mami gulps. "I-I can't l-*lose* you, Sabrina."

"And you *won't*," you say firmly. "I can learn from my mistakes, and I *won't* do this again." You raise your left hand, Grief ring still on your little finger, to the Soul Gem resting on her hair and pull the Grief away with a light touch. "Homura?"

The time traveller your regards you, examining you closely, before holding her hand out to you, shield humming on her forearm. You cleanse her Soul Gem too, the Grief wisping away to mix with Mami's and coalesce into marbles.

You stand, gently pulling Mami to her feet and giving her another gentle hug, trying to reassure her that you're fine. You take a step back, noting the ribbon tied around your leg, and spread your arms in a wordless, *see? I'm fine, all my bits still attached.*

Glancing over Mami's shoulder, you see the chicken Familiar mid-explosion, bloody chunks of flesh and feathers frozen in the act of flying apart. A discarded musket hangs frozen in midair where Mami was standing. It's... still *intact* enough, that you can sense that same nascent core, just beginning to break up, but recognizably unchanged. Still the same pathetic, incomplete *thing*, a dim, barely-there glow nearly swamped under the surrounding Grief.

Mami looks at you, concern evident in her golden eyes. "Sabrina, do you want to go home?"

You shake your head. "Let's finish this Witch," you say, smiling. "And I won't be trying anything like *that* any more, but... Mami, Homura, you've still got things to try, right?" You see Mami start to protest, and hold your hands up. "That was an... experiment I'm not going to try again, and it happened because I was... careless. There's no reason that *you* need to stop!"

A slow shake of her head, from Mami, biting her lip. "I..."

"Mami, I'm *fine*," you say, the smile remaining on her face. "And with the three of us here..." you wave around. "Really, we can afford to."

Mami swallows. "I... are you sure, Sabrina?"

You cross the distance to her in a quick step, picking up both her hands in yours. "I'm sure," you say, smiling.

Mami nods slowly.

Your smile broadens encouragingly, and you hold it until a sliver of an answering smile appears on Mami's face.

You glance at Homura, who says, simply, "Yes."

"OK, then," you say, stepping back from Mami, but keeping a hold on her hands. "And, um. I still kind of want to experiment a little too, but nothing like what I did back there. Just... it might feel a bit like a Witch." Mami nods again, a worried frown on her face.

"Shall we?" you ask, squeezing her hands lightly again.

Homura nods, reaching for her shield and gripping the rim, and cranks it around with a sharp jerk and a crash of gears.

Colour and *motion* flood back into the world, the Familiar finishing its messy disincorporation. Noise, a virtual *hurricane* of sound, slams into you, a furious cawing torn from a thousand beaks.

A *wave* of brown and white and black - chickens of all types, it seems, *flood* down towards the three of you, swarming over the rickety wooden structures dotting the landscape to claim vengeance upon you. Homura's pistol replaces itself with a tiny, combat submachine gun of some variety -a PM-9, you think?-, and the purple light of magic glows in her far hand.

Homura gestures with her glowing hand, and a *pulse* of magic bursts forth, a concave blast that rapidly crosses the distance, picking up and throwing Familiars like, well, chickens in a strong wing. It doesn't seem to *kill* any, though, merely tossing them backwards in disarray. Homura lets out an annoyed, "Tch."

And it's *expensive*, a spike of Grief forming in Homura's Gem. You crook your finger, drawing the Grief out from her Soul Gem with casual ease, looking at Mami.

Mami takes a slightly worried glance at you, a deep breath, and then a hesitant, pirouetting step forward. Golden ribbons flow in a circle around her, wrapping into a ring of muskets, each one pointing outwards from her in a starburst of primed firepower.

She sweeps her arm forward, and the ring begins revolving around her, the first one in front of her firing with a booming, echoing report, the shot lancing out to smash a Familiar. It immediately falls away, ribbons whipping in to form another in his place, golden and silver blurring as the ring of muskets picks up speed. Frowning in concentration as she maintains it, Mami takes a step forward.

And then another.

And she breaks out into a run, shots cracking in a rolling thunder of thunderbolts raining destruction upon the Familiars with unerring precision. You and Homura follow on her heels, flickering purple blasts licking out from her as the time traveller tries to adjust her magic blasts. You keep your marbles orbiting, but hold off on *attacking* with them.

You draw a warhammer over your shoulder with one hand, and sweep your free hand up in a vaguely threatening gesture as you follow on Mami's flank. You concentrate on Grief, and a baleful red beam -*disintegration!*- licks out from your pointing finger, lighting up as *Witch!*

Mami stumbles, golden eyes flickering across to you, and the spinning ring of muskets judder to a halt, shots going wild. Homura whirls on the spot, pivoting on a foot and submachine gun rising for a moment before amethyst eyes find you.

*Damn*.

The Familiars take advantage of the momentary lull in fire, swarming forward.

"Damn it, sorry," you hiss, immediately dropping the beam and taking two swift steps forward to overtake Mami. Grief marbles melt away into swarms of razor sharp blades, and you whirl them forward in a vicious, buzzing swarm that tears mercilessly into the oncoming Familiars.

"Mami, Homura!" you call. "Are you alright?"

"Y-yes," Mami says.

"Sorry, *sorry*," you chant.

"Don't do that," Homura says, amethyst eyes glinting as she frowns at you. "Not without a proper warning."

"Sorry!" you repeat yourself, wincing.

Homura nods, and raises her submachine gun at the swarming Familiars. She squeezes the trigger, shots chattering out singly or in pairs to chew through Familiars.

The sound of gunfire seems to galvanize Mami, and she casts you a worried look, before reaching out and pulling a musket out of thin air. She raises it to her shoulder and fires with a sharp crack, the shot pulverizing a Familiar.

The three of you storm forward, settling back into a steady rhythm - Mami and Homura's pinpoint accuracy and devastating firepower ripping through the swarming chickens, while you settle for picking off the few that slip through.

Finally, as the flocks of Familiars peter away, you find a series of steps, of the same rickety wood as everything else in the Barrier, rising up into the distance. The three of you sprint up the steps, weapons raised, and with a *wre-

-nch*, you arrive.

You find yourself under a gargantuan glass dome, incandescent light glaring down from above to shine upon a tremendous *egg*, one built out of the same rickety, rotting wood as everything else in this Barrier has been.

The Witch, then.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Huh. Suddenly appearing to be a Witch when you're with two keyed up magical girls hunting Witches is a bad idea. Who'dathunk.
