# Under the Radar pt. 22

You take a sip of tea and set the cup down on the table. You lean back, stretching your arms luxuriantly as you stare up at the ceiling, before letting your arms flop over, draping them over the back of the sofa and simply thinking for a while. That abandoned house drifts before your mind's eye again, and you feel vaguely sick in your stomach as you tease out what might have happened. Small footprints, surrounding a clear spot in the dust.

Urgh.

Could you have done better?

You could. You *could* be spending your every moment in the time stop, hunting down every Witch in Mitakihara, in the *world*, with Homura. But... It'd take an *age* to do it. It'd be an immense, exhausting undertaking. And... Mami wouldn't take it well, and Homura... simply wouldn't.

"Sabrina?" Mami peers up at you, an expectant, curious look on her face.

You sigh, forcing a smile onto your face as you set *those* thoughts aside. "It's nothing, Mami," you say softly, half turning on the sofa to face her fully. "Just... I have some things I need to talk to you about." You swallow. "Things I need to apologize for."

A small, apprehensive, expression replaces curiosity, Mami looking worriedly at you. "Sabrina, I'm sure there's nothing for you to apologize for..."

You meet her eyes seriously. "I... there *is*, Mami." She opens her mouth to protest, and you hold up your hands. "Please hear me out first?"

Mami nods cautiously, reaching out to hold your hand. "Alright, Sabrina, but you don't ha-"

You raise a finger, and she cuts herself off, looking faintly sheepish as she realizes what she was doing.

A deep breath. "Mami, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for taking you for granted. I... Mami, you're an amazing, brilliant person, and I keep treating you as a... non-entity, and I just assume you'll go along with it, most of the time. I... I keep doing that, and I'm sorry."

Mami opens her mouth to protest, but you shake your bead, continuing. "And... I don't... I know you worry, Mami. When I... I don't, uh, take the best care of myself, and I keep getting hurt. I know you worry about me." You pause, taking a breath.

Mami flinches, the worried frown growing on her face. "Sabrina, that's n-not true, I- it's what makes you *you*, Sabrina, and I w-wouldn't change it for the *world*." She reaches out towards you, taking one of your hands between hers.

You close your hand around hers, but you shake your head as you continue. "And... that's just it, Mami," you say, your stomach twisting. "I... Mami, I feel like every time you even *disagree* with me, you're... scared. Scared of me, scared that I'll leave you." Mami's hands slacken on yours, and you grip back fiercely, bringing your other hand up to cover hers and not letting her pull away.

You look at Mami, looking at the worry lines etched around them, the worried, *terrified* frown framing her usually sleepy, half lidded golden eyes.

"I *won't*, Mami," you say. "I'd *never* leave you like that, never over something so small. I'm sorry for making you think that I would." You squeeze her hands in yours. "I'd never leave you, or think less of you, for being *yourself*."

"Sabrina, I-" Mami chokes off her own words, swallowing convulsively. Her hands tighten on yours. "I- Sabrina, no, I... I'm... I'm not..."

You smile at her, a small, tentative thing. "You told me you wouldn't change me for the world. *I* wouldn't change *you* for the world, Mami. I... I don't want *you* to change yourself because of me, Mami. I... please don't be afraid of disagreeing with me. I don't want you to be scared of *me*."

"I-I..." Mami tries to return the smile. "S-Sabrina, I. I can't lose you."

"And you won't, Mami," you say. "And if you need to tell me off for doing something stupid, you *should*."

"I..." Mami trails off, trying to meet your eyes. "I'll try, Sabrina. I-I'm sorry."

"No, I'm sorry, Mami," you say, bowing your head. "I'm sorry, for making you worry. I'm sorry, for taking you for granted. I'm sorry for making you afraid of me, Mami."

"It's not your fault, Sabrina," Mami says. "J-just..." She essays a smile. It's weak and fragile, but it's there. "Y-you said I should tell you off if you're being s-silly, right? S-so... Y-you're being silly, Sabrina." Her hands squeeze yours.

You can't help but chuckle a little. "OK, I asked for that." Your mirth fades all too quickly, though, and you look at Mami again. You suck in a deep breath. "But... I have one more thing to apologize for, Mami."

Mami shakes her head. "Sabrina, you... you don't have anything to apologise for."

Your heart sinks, just a little. She's still idealizing you, putting you in a pedestal."Please hear me out?" You say, pleading.

She nods, the golden drills of her hair swaying with the motion.

You take another deep breath. "Mami... There are... some things I haven't told you. I..." You swallow, watching her expression anxiously. "I don't *want* to keep secrets from you, Mami, but some of them aren't mine to tell, and... I'm not sure *how* to talk about some of the others."

You stop, still watching Mami's expression. A complex *mess* swirls in her eyes, that same fear from before making a return, and denial, and desperation. She licks her lips. "I... Sabrina, I."

"Mami," you say urgently, desperately, still holding her hands tightly in hers. "I don't *want* to keep these secrets from you. B-but. Some of them aren't mine to tell, and some... I'm don't... I'm not sure how to tell you."

You watch Mami helplessly as she works through it. Finally, she sucks in a breath, speaking in a soft, anguished voice.. "A-are you... S-Sabrina, I-I. Are you k-keeping t-things like. Like K-kyuubey did? B-beca- I-I- Sabrina.."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

And touchdown from my flight! Holding in abeyance:

Spoiler

- [x] If she seems ok or if she asks... Tell her about the metaknowledge. We knew who she was when we met her, the same way we did about the system and Kyubey. We don't know how. We knew who Madoka and Sayaka were too, despite that being impossible...and Homura too. But we were scared to tell her, so we...pretended. We're sorry we kept the truth from her. We knew she was a good person, and we really did want to be her friend.
