# Under the Radar pt. 25

"Some of it's..." you press your lips together, mulling over how best to put it. "Some of it's just things about... my*self* that I want to share with you, Mami. It's... kinda stupid for me to call them secrets at all. Just... things I haven't gotten around to saying, or... things that don't make sense. That I don't under*stand* myself, yet."

Mami remains looking up at you, anxiety growing in her eyes. "S-Sabrina, y-you-"

You shake your head, sighing. "Beyond that... there's some... tragic stories about... other people that aren't mine to tell," you say halting, picking your way around the words. "That I *can't* tell without permission. A few things I feel... guilty for. Some things I know that aren't easy to explain."

Mami reaches up to you. "Sabrina, I... you d-don't- It's a-alright, y-you're... I-I. I'm s-sure it's not s-so bad."

A deep breath, as Mami watches you in worry. "The worst of it, though, it's bad," you say, grimacing unhappily. "I won't lie. It's something... horrible... about the system that I hope to change."

It's who you are, really, right from the start. *System breaking*. The system breaking magical girl.

You shake your head. "*But*," you say, bringing a smile to your face, one that, you hope, shows the depth of your regard for Mami. "There is *nothing* that changes how highly I think of you, and *nothing* that would make me leave."

Golden eyes blink up at you, before she slowly nods. "Al... alright," she says. Moving slowly, she returns to leaning against you, hugging you tightly again. You return the hug, suppressing a sigh.

What Mami needs most is *time*. Time and friends who'll stick by her. She has the latter, in you, and Madoka, and Sayaka, and yes, even Homura. Time... You *do* sigh. You can't help but wonder if something's moving behind the scenes, to cause future trouble for you, perhaps. You'd... you'd had a feeling Oriko would be your enemy, and yet, now she's apparently happy to while her days away with Kirika.

Didn't she say she wouldn't live to see Walpurgisnacht?

And she's... simply content to spend her time in her mansion, being a happy couple with Kirika?

... If you put it that way, there *are* worse ways to spend your last days alive, you suppose.

But then again, is Oriko really the type? A fatalistic seer, happy to passively wait for her death?

Perhaps, perhaps not. You're probably being paranoid.

Then again, there's also Kyuubey, wandering around, probably stirring up problems for you, since it's a dick like that. Combat and chaos and conflict are good for magical girls, after all. Or bad, depending on your point of view. And... *ugh*. Asunaro. And goodness knows what *else* might be stirring under the radar, what you might have missed.

Mami remains cuddled into your side, the slow pulse of her heartbeat, the movement of her chest the only motions she makes.

"Mami?" you ask softly.

"Sabrina?" she looks up at you, shifting slightly so that she doesn't have to crane her neck back too far.

You give her a soft smile, adjusting your hug around her. "Nothing serious. Just thinking, maybe we should try and watch that mecha anime Sayaka mentioned, some time."

Mami blinks at you, before nodding. "That sounds good," she says.

"Do you watch any shows, actually?" you ask curiously.

"Ahh... I w-was actually t-thinking about watching that s-show about m-magical g-girls," Mami says hesitantly. "B-but..."

"Ah," you say.

The conversation lapses, and Mami shifts to lean against you again.

You glance at the clock. It's about nine thirty, now. Late enough to consider sleeping, perhaps. Or perhaps enough time to tell Mami a little bit of the secrets?

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

*Do* keep it civil, ladies and gents.
