# Interloper pt. 1

You raise your hand to Mami's hair, stroking it gently. "Mami?"

"Y-yes, Sabrina?" she asks, tilting her head against your hand.

"Um, well," you say. "It's still a bit early, but we kinda slept rather late yesterday, so..."

"Ah..." Mami says. "That's a good idea." She doesn't make any move, though, apparently content to remain flopped against you, arms around your waist.

"Um... Would you like to go shower?" you suggest gently.

"Mmmnm," Mami says. She disengages her arms from around you, separating reluctantly and sitting up. Reaching above her head, she stretches -like a cat, though if anything Mami's more of a dog person, maybe?- for a moment, before giving you an anxious look.

"I'll be here, Mami," you answer the unspoken question, hiding your *own* worry for her, unable to shake that deep current of unease.

Mami bites her lip, looking down. "C-could you..."

"Yes, Mami?" you smile at her.

"Could you p-play some music?" she asks. "I-I'm sorr- n-no, y-you sai-" She cuts herself off with a quick shake of her head and an unhappy grimace, her hair bobbing.

You shake your head, smiling. "Of course I will, Mami," you say gently. "And it's alright, I'm not going to get mad at you for asking." A fraction of your attention goes to lifting the marbles from your bag, melding them into musical instruments.

You give Mami another warm smile as the first notes of *her* song start playing. "I'll be right here when you're done, Mami," you say.

"A-alright," Mami says, standing slowly and moving to the bathroom. She turns to glance back at you as she steps in, and you gesture at the sofa, maintaining your encouraging smile.

Finally, Mami shuts the door. You keep the music playing, staring contemplatively up at the ceiling. Another in a series of long days. You let your mind wander as you sit there, letting Mami's song play through, and then looping it from the start a few times through.

Eventually, you hear fumbling at the bathroom door, and you half turn on the sofa just in time to see Mami burst out, damp and clean. Her eyes snap to the sofa, worried tension easing from her shoulders when she sees you.

You smile, and pry yourself off the sofa, joints popping from how long you'd been sitting. "My turn to shower," you say.

Mami nods slightly, essaying a small, fragile smile as you move past her and into the bathroom.

You make the shower a quick one, continuing the music as you bathe, and emerge, wearing pyjamas. Mami's sitting on the sofa, brushing her mane of golden hair, but she immediately turns to look at you.

You smile and move over, sitting down beside her. Idly, you start combing your shoulder length hair out with your fingers to help it dry faster, the white strands flowing through your fingers. You briefly consider asking Mami about that hairflip you'd seen her trying to do, diverting briefly into the thought of Grief hair extensions.

... Pro*ooobably* something best left as a long term goal, if that.

It takes a while for Mami's cascade of golden locks to dry, but dry it does, eventually, and the two of you move off to the bedroom, flicking off the lights. You flop onto the mattress, burrowing comfortably under the blankets.

"S-Sabrina?" Mami's voice, soft and tentative.

You bite your lip, unseen in the darkness, your stomach clenching. If she deliberately asks about sleeping, well, together... that's probably going to lead to some fairly uncomfortable talks. "Yes, Mami?" you reply, just as softly.

"Thank you," she says. "I-I know I'm... T-*thank* you."

"Mami, no matter what, I care about you," you say firmly, sitting up to stare at her. She blinks golden eyes at you, nearly luminous in the dim light refracted in from the window. "And... I'd do nothing less for you."

"Thank you," she says softly.

You smile, reaching out to stroke her hair once before lying back down, settling in for the night.

\=====​

When you wake up, you're sprawled face up on the matress, arms splayed wide, and there's a warm, soft form cuddled into your side, as has become... normal. You gently ease out from under Mami's arm, and try to remove your *own* arm from under Mami. You don't succeed, though, and golden eyes flick open, blinking muzzily before refocusing on you.

You smile at her. "Good morning, Mami."

"O-oh," Mami says, flinching back. "S-sorry."

You shake your head, wrapping your arm around her and preventing her from pulling back entirely. "No."

A hesitant answering smile forms on Mami's face. "S-sor-" she cuts herself off with a shake of her head.

You nod approvingly. "Now, uh, my arm..." you wiggle your numb fingers.

"Oh!" Mami says. This time, she *does* roll off, and you let her, pushing yourself to a seated position and shaking the feeling back into your hand.

"Sorry," she offers with a smile.

You shake your head, smiling too as you drag yourself to your feet and stretch. Without being asked, you reassemble your musical instruments, hesitating for a moment before starting in on an appropriately [morning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdBMpSweDD0) song. You offer Mami a hand, and she accepts it with a smile, letting you pull her to her feet.

"I'll-" you stifle a yawn, "-wash up first, if that's OK with you?"

Mami nods, and you wander off into the bathroom to perform your morning ablutions and change. You take care to make it quick, and when you open the door, you find Mami hovering anxiously. You give her a smile, and gesture grandly at the bathroom behind you. "I'll be in the kichen, OK?" you say.

She nods as she closes the door behind her, and you exhale slowly, before walking over to the kitchen and starting breakfast. On the way, you click the television on to the news.

A moment later, Mami walks in at a quick clip, to find you mixing batter. The rice cooker burbles away in the background, already boiling happily to prepare the day's lunch.

"Are we making pancakes, Sabrina?" Mami asks, watching curiously as you add raisins into the batter.

"Nope," you answer with a smile. "Muffins!"

"Ah, that sounds great!" she says, moving over to check the rice cooker.

You set down the batter and turn to locate the baking tray, but you find Mami presenting it to you with a smile. "Thank you!" you say, taking it.

It doesn't take you too long to prepare the muffins, and the two of you sit down to breakfast - muffins, tea, and some fruit. "These look great, Sabrina!" Mami says.

"Thanks!" you say brightly. "Lunch looks great, too!" you compliment in return, and it does - artistically decorated rice and salmon with carefully arranged vegetables. You feel a small pang - you may not eat it, if you're meeting Kyouko, though buying her a meal and not eating is an option, of course.

"Thank you, Sabrina," Mami says, smiling.

"Shall we check in on everybody?" you ask as you pick up your fork.

Mami nods.

"*Gooooooood morning Mitakihara!*" you call with a grin, reaching out mentally to Madoka, Sayaka, and Homura.

"*Good morning, Sabrina!*" Madoka's the first to respond. "*Good morning, Mami!*"

"*Good morning,*" Mami says.

"*Good morning,*" Homura echoes a moment later.

And finally... "*I asked for this, didn't I?*" Sayaka groans, asperity in her voice. "*I hate mornings.*"

"*Ah... They're not so bad, Sayaka,*" Madoka says.

"*Yes, they are,*" the bluenette complains. "*Gah, I'm up.*"

You grin as you bite into your muffin. "*Well, yes. You *did*, in fact, ask for this,*" you say with a grin. Mami, across the table, smiles at you.

"*Guh,*" Sayaka complains. "*Fine.*"

Madoka giggles quietly over telepathy. "*Sabrina, you're terrible.*"

"*Mornings are... peaceful,*" Homura offers.

"*Ugh. I'm not surprised you like 'em,*" Sayaka says.

"*Heh, well. How's everyone doing this morning?*" you ask.

"*Ah... I'm having breakfast now!*" Madoka offers happily.

"*So're we,*" you say.

"*How the heck are you people so *happy* in the morning,*" Sayaka complains.

You snort. "*Iunno.*"

"*Gah,*" Sayaka says. "*I'm not talking to you any more. See you later.*"

You chuckle out loud, shaking your head. "Poor Sayaka," you say.

"*Ah... I should be getting ready to go to school, too,*" Madoka says. "*See you later!*"

"*See you!*" you say cheerfully, echoed a moment later by Mami and Homura.

You smile at Mami as the call closes, continuing to eat your breakfast.

"Ah, Mami?" you ask awkwardly, a few minutes later. "Um... could I have a bit of cash?"

"Hmm?" Mami says. "Of course, Sabrina! How much do you need?"

"Uh, not much," you say. "Enough for... lunch for three?"

Mami blinks in confusion. "Oh?"

"Oh, um," you say, setting down your fork. "Well, I'm actually planning on going around to meet some magical girls today," you explain. "Um... Sakura Kyouko, and maybe Masami amongst them." Pre-empting Mami's response, you stand, moving around the table to catch Mami in a tight hug.

"I'm just going to fill them in on things that've been happening with Sendai and Ishinomaki and so on," you say soothingly.

"I..." Mami grimaces, looking down. "I... won't see you at lunch?" she asks in a small voice.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

I suppose this is as good a place as any to end the previous chapter. Here begins a new chapter: Interloper.

Holding in abeyance:

Spoiler

- [x] Walk to school with Mami
- [x] Let Mami know that you are going to be going around talking with several people today, including Kyouko and perhaps Masami
- [x] Do a scan for unexpected magical girls at the school, and any witches in the area
- [x] If any magical girls are detected, let Mami and Homura know so that they can check during school hours
- [x] If any witches are detected, let Mami and Homura know that you'll take care of it
- [x] Find a remote location away from the school and attempt to make a grief sphere that "blocks observation. Use magic or will grief for lighting.
- [x] If successful, consult the notebook for any witches that appear today or tomorrow.
- [x] While doing the magic scans, make some telepathic calls.
- [x] Call Rin and check how things are going with the group and with Akiko. "Say hi to Sakura for me."
- [x] Call Chouko and check how things are going for them.
- [x] Call Kyouko and ask for a time that's convenient to meet today. There's some things you'd like to talk to her about. While you're there you can also cleanse her gem and refresh her seeds.
- [x] If she's reluctant, insist that you really do need to talk with her today. Note that you can be there in as little as 5 minutes.
