# Interloper pt. 3

"Well," you mutter to yourself, leaning back on the vent to squint up at the clear skies. You take a few minutes to contemplate what to do with Kyouko, or even what you want from her. Though really, you're not entirely sure, if you're being perfectly honest with yourself. 'Being her friend' would be a start, you think.

Still, things to do first, namely, that one Witch. You'll see whether you can't intercept the magical girl. You hop off the vent and pivot on a foot, throwing your arms out in a grand bow to an audience that's not there, simultaneously transforming in a blaze of light.

"*Hey, Kyouko?*" you call. Best to let her know, *when* you'll be going over.

"*Yeah? Coming over now?*" the redhead asks, a slight edge in her voice.

"*Ah, well, I've got something to investigate first, but I'll be headed over to meet you at about... nine-thirty, ten-ish?*" you say. "*Barring something unusual happening, I mean.*"

"*Yeah, 'kay. I'll see whether I can clear some time off my busy, busy schedule for you,*" she drawls, a healthy heaping of sarcasm in her tone.

You roll your eyes as the connection closes. *Someone*'s pissy.

You tuck away your Grief-sealed book, and with an effort of will, a handful of your Grief marbles circle your hand in a tight orbit. The majority of the Grief marbles dissolve under your will to form your wings, and they ripple out from your shoulders, the familiar deep, nearly black purple with unsettling, fractal patterns carved against the sky.

Well, it's not like you can help that.

You take flight with a leap, wings unfurling to their full length with a snap and bearing you skywards with great, thundering beats. Your coat flaps behind you in the rushing wind as you circle, gaining height.

You have a location and a rough time. That's enough, you hope, with a little help. You hold your hand out, with its circling bracelet of Grief marbles, and you *focus*. *Detection.*

Gold blooms in febrile tendrils, weaving across your hand to form that familiar, flared golden gauntlet, studded with sockets. The last thing to form is a gem set in the socket at the base of your middle finger. You blink at that for a moment, squinting against the wind. You're... fairly sure the gems don't actually mean much, and that you haven't *actually* created the -*a?*- Infinity Gauntlet, but... that's not where that Gem was last time.

... huh.

Shrugging that off, you focus, trying to *sense*. You frown, considering. You... well, there's nothing to detect at the moment, it seems. You soar across the city, heading for the location Homura noted down - one of Mitakihara's shopping districts, it seems.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice sounds in your head.

"*Hey, Mami! How are you?*" you ask.

"*Ah, we're having PE now!*" Mami tells you. "*We're playing basketball today.*"

"*Oh, that sounds fun,*" you say, smiling to yourself.

"*I... don't like it much,*" Mami confides. "*It's... not my kind of game.*"

"*Ahhh, well,*" you say sympathetically. "*Well, it won't be too long, right?*"

"*It won't,*" she agrees. "*It's just... I prefer volleyball. Or even swimming.*"

"*Ahh,*" you say as you bank to the left, homing in on your destination. It'd taken you a while to get used to the layout of Mitakihara, but you think you've got a fairly good hang of it, now. "*Hang in there, Mami!*"

"*I will,*" she promises firmly.

"*Great!*" you say, smiling.

"*Ah... We're up now. I'll see you later?*" Mami says.

"*I'll do my best,*" you say firmly to her.

"*Alright,*" Mami says. "*See you, Sabrina.*"

"*See you!*" you say, wings beating as you come in for a landing, legs bending to absorb the impact with the roof.

You walk to the edge, looking around to orient yourself - you're on the roof of the mall now, and you think that... *that* would be the building where the Witch appears - a smaller apartment block. Good location, you can't help but think, looking at the entrance to the subway nearby.

You toss yourself into the air again, focusing on the gauntlet in your hand and trying to push your senses out to the maximum as you scan back and forth. You slowly spiral outwards, looking for either a Witch or a magical girl. You'd vastly prefer the latter, of course.

The city rolls by beneath you as you wing outwards in an ever expanding spiral, scanning carefully.

Nothing.

Zip.

Nada.

You even take the time to check the nearby school, one Yokosuka Middle School, and scan it carefully.

Nothing *there*, either.

Last resort, then. "*Hey, Oriko?*"

The seer's reply is sleepy and curt. "*Yes, Sabrina?*"

"*Good morning!*" you say cheerfully. "*I'm searching for something, and wondered if you could give me any pointers.*"

Oriko grunts with nigh masculine skill. "*And what is that something?*"

"*A Witch,*" you say. "*Glass is its theme, apparently.*"

"*I- one moment,*" Oriko says, cutting herself off mid sentence.

You coast in for a gentle landing on a convenient building, coat settling about your perch. You could probably do a reasonable Batman impression, you think to yourself as you wait for Oriko to get back to you. As an afterthought, you dissolve the gauntlet back into Grief, leaving just that one Grief ring on your little finger.

When she does a moment later, her mental voice is breathless and... considerably more cheerful. "*First off, I'd ask if you should be talking about this over telepathy, but I am reasonably certain I know the answer. In any case, I do not know. 'A Witch themed after glass', and one which does not have any... prior impingement is... entirely too vague.*"

You sigh, standing and stretching, with your fingers interlaced and arms pushed out over your head. "*Fair enough,*" you say, a hint of frustration leaking into your voice.

"*You do realize that *your* every action affects events, right?*" Oriko says drily. "*Things may happen earlier, later, or not at all.*"

Well, she makes a fair point, you suppose. It *might* be worth your time to check again later, or tomorrow, or some such.

Then again, it might *not*.

"*Well, fair enough,*" you say again. "*Thanks. I'll leave you to your sleep, then.*"

"*You're welcome,*" Oriko says, and closes the connection.

You grumble to yourself, and throw yourself skyward again. Time to go meet a certain redhead, and probably not possess her by means of a diary. Hm, then again, you *do* technically have a phylactery of sorts that *coooouuuld* possibly stand in.

... That's *probably* a bad idea, though.

"*Hey, Kyouko,*" you call telepathically, reading out for the redhead. "*I'm on my way over, should be there in, oh, fifteen minutes depending on whether SAL flight 002 catches a tailwind or so?*

"*... The fuck are you even going on about?*" she asks, sounding more puzzled than anything.

"*I'm flying over,*" you explain, as you bank towards the river, glittering in the distance. "*I'll be there in about fifteen minutes. Where can I meet you?*"

"*D'you even know much of Kasamino? Same park 's last time'll do,*" Kyouko says caustically.

"*Gotcha. On my way,*" you say.

You turn your thoughts to science as you lance across downtown Mitakihara, coat snapping behind you like pennants in the wind. Dimensions. You've... got an *idea* about how Witch Barriers work, and perhaps an idea of how you can replicate them. Dimensional, literal spatial dimensions, fuckery. You muse on that for a bit. Maybe something for later today, or tomorrow?

You shrug lightly to yourself as you cut across the river, glittering far below in the morning sun, and you grin as you remember the last time you were here, and your jump across the river. Of course, you can fly now, but that was still *fun*.

You spot the park from above, and fold your wings, diving for it. You aim yourself at the denser foliage, where there's no one -visible, anyway-, flaring your wings out once before you hit the ground. The wings fade away into swirling storm clouds of loose Grief spiralling around you to coalesce into marbles, and you detransform, leaving yourself in a pale green blouse and darker skirt.

You can already sense Kyouko and Yuma approaching on the path as you stroll out to meet them - they probably saw you dropping in. As you walk, you reach up, fiddling with your wind-ruffled hair, trying to pat the messy strands back into a semblance of order.

You see them first - Kyouko and her adopted little sister walking side by side, both untransformed. "Hey, Kyouko, Yuma," you call out.

Kyouko's gaze snaps up to see you. "Yo," she says warily, around the stick of pocky hanging from her mouth.

"Sabrina!" Yuma greets exuberantly, waving happily at you. She looks considerably healthier than the last time you'd seen her, a bit more well fed, her eyes a little less hollow, and even looking like she'd cleaned up recently.

"Good morning," you say cheerfully, hiding a frown. You can sense Kyouko and Yuma's Soul Gems; while Yuma's is clean, you can *feel* the swirling corruption occluding Kyouko's. You purse your lips. "So, first order of business. Soul Gems?"

Yuma looks around with exaggerated motions, making sure no one's looking before holding up her hand, the gleaming orange egg of her Soul Gem forming on her outstretched palm.

Kyouko sighs. "Y' know, I'm beginning t' think that... ah, fuck it." She holds her hand out, crimson ruby of *her* Soul Gem shimmering into existence. You can see the filmy darkness swirling across the surface of the Gem in a rippling curtain, about a sixth or so, at a guess - and she doesn't seem to be carrying any more Grief Seeds, either.

A raised hand, and an effort of will tugs the Grief free in great, ropy torrents that you compress into marbles with practiced ease.

Kyouko watches silently as you cleanse her Soul Gem, leaving it gleaming. "Y' know, that's still bloody unnatural," she grunts half heartedly. Her mouth works, the stick of pocky disappearing before she replaces it with another one from her pocket.

"'Unnatural'?" You raise an eyebrow at her.

"Big sis, that's rude!" Yuma says, tugging at Kyouko's hand.

Kyouko blows out a breath, patting the younger girl on the head and giving her a stick of pocky, before looking up at you. "Eh. Thanks, anyway," she says reluctantly.

"No worries," you say, putting away the marbles into your bag. "So where do you want to eat? My treat, of course."

Kyouko sighs. "Same place 's last time, I guess," she says. "Come on, Yuma."

She takes the younger girl's hand, and without waiting to see if you're following, begins walking away. A telepathic communication floats back to you from her as you follow. "*Square wi' me. Mami put you up to this? Promise I won't chase you off for it.*"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Back in business.
