# Interloper pt. 5

You bite into the drumstick, replying telepathically to Yuma. "*Mami was a good friend of your big sis, but they parted on bad terms. I think she's angry at Kyuubey.*"

"*Oh,*" Yuma says, a trace of relief colouring her voice. "*Um... Thank you.*" The green haired girl sneaks you a quick smile between bites of a boiled egg.

"*You're welcome.*" You chew thoughtfully on your mouthful of chicken -a bit dry, but what else would you expect at a cheap buffet?-, and glance at Kyouko, who's still working on setting a world record, demolishing the contents of her plate with reckless speed, barely pausing to chew before she swallows.

"How's the food?" you ask idly, wiping your greasy fingers on a napkin and picking up your fork.

Kyouko frowns at you, brows contracting over tired, crimson eyes, her hands moving busily to load up her fork.

"It's good!" Yuma says brightly. Bits of chewed egg spray out, and Kyouko sighs, putting down her own fork before reaching across with a napkin.

"Don't talk with your mouth full," Kyouko chides, gently wiping the younger girl's mouth.

Yuma swallows, blue eyes huge. "Sorry, big sis."

"I'm not mad," Kyouko says, putting the napkin down to ruffle Yuma's hair. She glares challengingly at you, eyes daring you to comment.

You raise an eyebrow at her, holding her gaze as you fork up some salad.

She snorts. "'sabout the same as last time," she allows grudgingly. "Not bad."

It takes you a moment to realize she's referring to the food, and you nod graciously. "I don't think the mushroom soup was here last week," you suggest. Privately, you can't help but think that she's a little like a puppy. A deadly, easily provoked, tsundere puppy.

Kyouko shrugs with a single shoulder, mouth full again.

"Yuma thinks it was there last week," the younger girl says, punctiliously swallowing before speaking.

Kyouko swallows. "What she said," she says, pushing her emptied plate forward and leaving for a third helping. Yuma smiles at you, pushing *her* emptied plate forward too, and following her adopted older sister to the buffet line.

You look down at your own, barely half empty plate, and raise an eyebrow at Kyouko and Yuma, already piling new plates high with food. You turn your attention back to your plate, eating slowly, while watching the two of them move about through your Grief senses. No spare Grief Seeds. And for yourself... you have Hildegard, Aurora, and...

*Jane*.

...

Seriously?

Jane?

"*Sabrina?*" Mami again, as Kyouko and Yuma return to the table.

"*Hey, Mami!*" you say, injecting cheer into your mental voice. "*How are you?*"

"*We're doing integration practice now,*" Mami tells you. "*Um...*"

"*Yes, Mami?*" you ask.

"*Umm... Do you know how to integrate sin x to the power of five?* Mami asks.

You blink, frowning and trying to work it out in your head. Well. "*Hm... Uh, the integrand should be sin x... you'll get, uh, integration of sin cubed x I think, and then you'll have to integrate that one more time. Same way.*"

"*Ohh... *two* integrations, I see,*" Mami says. "*Thank you, Sabrina!*"

"Sabrina? Are you OK?" Yuma asks, peering up at you. Both her and Kyouko have returned with fully laden plates, and Yuma has, yes, a bowl of mushroom soup.

"Hm? Yeah. Just thinking," you say, returning to your meal. To Mami, you reply, "*No problem, Mami!*"

"*Umm...*" Mami says. "*D-do you know if... Sorry.*"

"*I *should* be able to make it, Mami,*" you say, forking up some salad.

"*Oh!*" Mami brightens. "*See you soon!*"

"*See you,*" you reply.

Kyouko and Yuma have returned to guzzling down their meals. You cast about for another topic to try and spark up conversation, racking your brains for something relatively neutral and safe - but really, all you can think of is trying to get Yuma and Nagisa into the same room for maximum diabeetes. And also Kyouko as a puppy.

"So, uh, Yuma?" you ask.

The green haired girl looks up at you, slurping a strand of noodle into her mouth.

"Uhh, I'm just curious, what's your opinion on cheese?" you ask.

Yuma blinks her enormous blue eyes at you in confusion, while Kyouko gives you a flat, unamused glare. "It's... OK?" Yuma says, sounding confused.

"Ah," you say, nodding sagely. "Good to know."

Kyouko continues to stare at you, eyes attempting to bore holes in your skull while you return to eating, forking up some more salad. It's actually not half bad.

"*And by the way, Kyouko,*" you say telepathically to her, and not acknowledging her glare at you. "*How are *you* holding up? Hunting, looking after Yuma?*"

"*I'm fine,*" she bites out the words, along with a particularly vicious chomp that bends the cheap metal of her spoon.

**\[] Probe further
\- \[] How?
\[] Proceed
\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Short update, but I felt I should break here.

For future reference - when I say points, not wording, I don't mean to trim it down to 'Ask Kyouko if she's alright by telepathy' if you have something \*specific \*to ask. If you want Sabrina to specifically ask or say something, then by all means, specify it.

Holding in abeyance:

Spoiler

\[x]Mention that Sendai's been resolved.
\[x]Offer a regular grief seed. Ask to cleanse again too if it seems like she needs it.
\-\[x] If she presses us for a reason, restate what we said during our first meeting about just wanting to help megucas.
\[x]Telepathy Yuma. Try and make sure your big sis cleanses her own gem too, okay?
