# Interloper pt. 7

"Non-lethal," you reply instantly. You take a moment to debate with yourself whether to add in a stipulation about Soul Gems as well.

"No fucking duh," Kyouko drawls. You hold up a finger, still thinking, and briefly wondering *how* Kyouko *and* Mami and who knows what else haven't figured out what you call the lichbomb by themselves, before discarding that set of thoughts as irrelevant and silly for now.

"First to yield," you suggest, lowering the finger. "And spar ends if one of us is unable or unwilling to continue."

"Anything goes?" Kyouko says, a glint that you don't *quite* like in her eyes.

"Sure," you say. "Hmm... one moment, first?"

Kyouko frowns, and gestures impatiently at you. You fish in your pocket for Aurora's Grief Seed, and pull it out. Dense, deep purple clouds of Grief billow out from it with a twist of your will, consolidating into your usual panoply of musical instruments. You bounce on your feet lightly as you let the music start with the [heavy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjwwMn8rZG4) strings.

"Seriously?" Kyouko asks looking torn between annoyance and disbelief. She watches the instruments warily out of the corner of her eye.

"Seriously." you say. You reach over your shoulder and close your hand around the handle of a forming hammer, drawing it in a single smooth motion as it coalesces out of motes of light. You flourish it in what would be a fencer's salute if you were, well, using a fencing sword, and with the motion, guide your marbles out of your bag. Some, not all - you'll pull more out if you need to. No overkill. They scatter in a sweeping arc floating in front of you, a dense starfield of tiny marbles.

"Your funeral," Kyouko says. "Yuma, stand clear." The younger girl nods, hurrying to comply as she scurries to the edge of the junkyard. You look around at the junkyard - though really, it's less of a junkyard, and more of, well, a yard that happens to be full of rusting old... junk. Which technically makes it a junkyard, but not a *proper* junkyard. Fine, dusty sand forms drifts on top of the cracked old asphalt, a few hardy plants poking pale green stems through.

A thought strikes you, and you take your sling bag off, dropping it safely to the side near Yuma, before walking back to your starting point.

Kyouko holds her hand out, and snatches a spear out of the air, spinning it quickly with both hands, the weight of the enormously oversized spearhead hardly seeming to register to her. Rather like your hammer, now that you think about it. The spin ends with the broad, razor sharp blade levelled at you, and you instinctively raise your hammer to guard.

Kyouko meets your gaze and holds it, dusty crimson eyes against brilliant blue. Her lips peel back in a fanged grin as the two of you stare at each other, muscles wire taut and waiting for the first move. You *know*, by some unspoken agreement, that the spar has already started, your breath coming in deep, steady breaths as your weight shifts to the balls of your feet.

Kyouko *moves*. A scrape of her boots, and she's airborne.

Sunlight glints off the oversized spearhead plummeting towards you. You sidestep, a wave of marbles rippling upwards in eddies to form a half dome.

Booted feet slam into the dome, and Kyouko bounces backwards, arcing away from spikes suddenly protruding from said dome. You sprint after her, hammer at your side and grief surging after you.

She sees you coming. Her spear flashes out, light as a feather.

You whip your hammer up, and smash the spear away. She rides the motion, spear swerving in a tight, jabbing circle.

You duck under the stab aimed for your head-

-*wham*.

The haft of her spear cracks against your ribs, and your feet leave the ground. You soar backwards, skipping across the ground in clouds of dust before you catch yourself, only to-

You dive to the side, avoiding an enormous spear. Grief whirs at Kyouko, a dancing swarm in a crashing wave. A fraction of your will drops a few spheres to the ground to lie in wait.

And then she's on you, spear flashing like a scorpion's sting. You block desperately, and give ground, driven back. Three steps in as many blows. Sparks rain from every clash, each strike an enormously powerful wrecking ball backed by a feral, fanged grin.

The swarm of Grief, right behind her. Preternaturally aware, she whirls away from you, the haft of her spear exploding into chained segments. Grief clangs off the spear head as it darts and flickers like a living thing.

You explode forward, hammer swinging through a silvery arc.

A lightning fast glance at you. Kyouko's spear snakes out, lashing around your torso faster than you can blink - and she *yanks*. The breath slams out of your lungs, and you're thrown sideways into your own swarm of Grief.

You cushion yourself on the Grief, and then throw yourself backwards *through* the swarm. It closes behind you, and traps Kyouko's descending spearhead in a solid plate of Grief. The girl tugs once, and then immediately abandons it.

On your right - Kyouko, with a new spear jabbing for your stomach. Your hammer rises to defend. Fruitlessly. She smashes your guard aside with force that makes your wrists ache, and you leap back to avoid it. Grief sweeps around in an arcing strike, and she backflips *over*.

Distant cheering from Yuma.

On your left - the abandoned spear. It snakes to life, blade flickering at you, and-

Kyouko on your *right* - you lean back to avoid a spear strike that passes uncomfortably close to your *face*-

A step *back*-

*Magic* behind you-

Something pressing against your shoulderblades-

Chains. A wall of diamond shaped *chains*-

You slide to the side-

Kyouko's spear coming right at *you*-

The Grief on the ground lashing *up* at her-

Kyouko slams the point of her spear into the ground and *leaps*-

You whirl, hammer flicking out high as she arcs overhead-

And the *rest* of swarm of Grief is on her.

She spins impossibly in midair, spear smashing your hammer aside and flickering through a *blinding* defensive flurry. The blade lashes out with blurring speed, slamming aside the blunted bars.

She lands, spear still spinning through flawless parries. You split your swarm, each blunted rod curving back in a whirring trajectory. She spins, spear exploding into segments, and she *dances* through a flourish eeriely reminiscent of Mami.

Heh.

Honeyblob's not a bad nickname for Mami. Not that you'll ever call her that to her face, you don't think.

You shake your head, and when you look up, you find her backing away, spear in a defensive position.

"Yo, what the fuck," Kyouko calls, eyes wide. "Hey, uh. The music's kinda freaking me out here."

You blink.

The [music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxOZ6gifTjA)?

The *music*?!

"Uh. My bad?" you say, blinking, and mentally change [tracks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2W2TeUUYps).

"Riii*iiight*," Kyouko says, bringing her spear back around to point at you.

You make the first move, this time, and charge, hammer drawn back and ready. Your Grief swarms towards her in long, arcing trajectories. Dozens of deep purple bars hem her in, pressing her back, and she whirls on the spot, eyes narrowing.

She jumps, arcing high into the air.

You pivot sharply, and hurl your hammer at her. The silvery warhammer spins out, and clangs off Kyouko's guarding spear, throwing her back. She crashes to the ground, immediately rolling out of the way of a diving swarm of Grief. Behind Kyouko, a wall of chains snaps into existence, diamond shaped chainlinks lashing out to stymie your Grief briefly.

You summon a new hammer to your hand, and bring it up to guard as you sprint to meet Kyouko.

The redhead snaps her spear out, the spear *extending* towards you. It lances towards you, blinding fast. Your hammer flicks *up*, smashing the spear away from you. Stinging pain as it snaps past your face.

Kyouko shifts her feet, and the spear explodes into chained segments that coil around you. She flicks her hands, and you're suddenly airborne. Your arms are still bound-

Your Grief *closing* on her-

The segmented spear releases you-

-*wham*.

Your flight is arrested rather abruptly by the ground. You explode to your feet, calling a fresh hammer to your hand. Your swarm of Grief is still moving towards her, and you bring your hammer up into a high guard, against the expected attack from Kyouk-

"Hold it!" Kyouko barks, eyes narrowed at you.

You stop, holding your hammer still, and the Grief swarm hanging motionless in the air.

"How much are you holding back?" she asks, eyes still narrowed.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

[Heh.](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-1466#post-2915266)

And thanks to [@Rook](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/276/) for the suggestion of the music!
