# Interloper pt. 8

"Well..." you stall, keeping your face impassive and showing no hint of the turmoil swirling behind your eyes. How *much* to tell her? Tell her about that you can use the Grief Seed against her? There's a chance she knows it already. She saw you pull Grief from Aurora, after all, and she's *certainly* seen you *use* Grief against her. And she isn't stupid.

Then again, the Grief Seed is still in her pocket, so maybe she hasn't cottoned on yet? It's... you don't know. Will she be offended by it? By how much you quite frankly outclass her, that you gave her a gift you could technically use against her?

You don't know. Instead, you fold your arms, hammer hanging from one hand. "Honestly? With my hammer? Not at all," you say flatly. You stop the music, turning away the fraction of your mind controlling it away, and melt the instruments into a drifting cloud of marbles. "With my magic? Quite a bit."

"Yeah? Like *what*?" Kyouko snaps, shifting her spear to point at the sky, butt grounded firmly.

You shrug, unfolding your arms to hold up a fist. "Most of my stuff? Lethal," you say, raising a finger. "I haven't sparred very much." The redhead rolls her eyes, and you growl in annoyance. "Look, the majority of my stuff is either lethal, feels like Witch-" you raise another finger, "-or only works *on* Witches-" one more finger, "-or just knocks you out, save or die."

Kyouko glares at you. "Well la di da, princess. Spare me," she snorts.

"Look. You don't fucking invite someone to a swordfight and then fucking salt the fucking field with landmines," you say, letting the frustration you're feeling leak into your voice. "It defeats the *point*."

"Ooh, she swears," Kyouko drawls, a smirk growing on her face. "I reckon we can deal with a coupla friendly landmines." She raises her spear, whirling it and then levelling it at you.

"Fine," you bite out.

You *pull* with your mind. The marbles that used to be part of the Grief instruments swirl towards you, joined by a cascade of the remaining marbles from your bag. You sweep your hand in front of you, fingers spread and palm held perpendicular to the ground, and a *torrent* of marbles whirl around you in lazy orbits, vertices outlining multiple, concentric geodesic domes. Your hammer is held loosely in your other hand.

Kyouko's smirk grows as she hefts her spear in both hands, crouching low.

You raise your hammer in salute.

You almost miss it when she explodes into action. She dashes out to your left, sprinting hard, and her spear bursts into dozens of chained segments twining around her in a defensive barrier.

Wings explode out from your back, a few layers of your domes fading away to feed them, and you leap into the air, away from Kyouko.

The redhead glares up at you, eyes narrowing for a moment, before snapping her right hand out. A second spear bursts into existence, coiling under her feet like an enormous cobra with the rattling crash of chains. She *rides* it into the air, balancing in a low crouch the flat of the spear head rocketing up at you.

You throw yourself down to meet her, wings folding and Grief marbles now whizzing around you in a flickering, multilayered defensive screen.

The two of you smash together in a colliding wave of fury. Hundreds of marbles blur on individual trajectories, clashing against whirling, dancing chained poles. The crash of chains and cracking impacts of marbles deflecting off metal fills the air, Kyouko pressing forward, *upwards* with a feral grin.

You press downwards, wings thundering behind you.

Your hammer pulls back over your shoulder, and you smash it down with all your might. Kyouko meets it with the flat of her spear, serpentine and adamant. Sparks scatter into the air, metal straining against metal.

Midair, your wings wrap around you, and you *roll*. Your marbles follow, whirling to reestablish their defensive perimeter. Kyouko, suddenly finding herself without resistance, launches forward for a split second.

You swing behind her-

Wings flare *wide*, and you *twist*-

The flat of one wing smashes into her back-

Kyouko tumbles forward, falling off her spear-

She *whirls* midair, gesturing-

The spearhead snakes at you with blurring speed, swinging wide to encircle you.

You've been thrown into the ground one too many times already. You dive forward, wings thundering. Grief surges forward in a wave, the sphere bulging forward to engulf Kyouko as she falls.

Chained poles swirl around Kyouko, and her spear snaps into a straight pole. It telescopes out towards the ground, slamming down in a cloud of dust. She pivots impossibly *around* the haft and hurls herself *upwards*, a motion reminiscent of a high jumper clearing the pole.

A fresh spear spear forms in her hands, jabbing right at you.

Marbles swirl, and Grief wraps around the spear in a thick, trapping layer. You gesture, Grief and spear *jerking* away. Kyouko swings wildly at the far end of the spear, hanging on tightly.

The spear abruptly folds into chained segments. Kyouko's motion, formerly under *your* control, is now under *hers.* She swings around, shooting towards you boots-first amidst a flurry of her cassock-dress.

Your wings thunder, driving you to the sid-

Too slow.

Kyouko's boots slam squarely into your stomach. Your breath whooshes out of you in a convulsive gasp. You swipe wildly with your hammer, catching nothing but air as she lets herself plummet away.

You fight to stabilise yourself in the air, while Grief marbles dive after Kyouko's falling form. As she catches herself on another spear, a wall of chains snaps into existence behind her. Your Grief ricochets off the diamond shaped links. Momentarily stymied.

You catch yourself and *dive*, hammer drawing back. You slam *through* the wall with a tremendous crack, Grief marbles roiling around you-

*Just* in time to catch a spear slicing for you-

The blow deflects off to the side-

You surge *forward*-

The swirling cloud of Grief *bulges* towards Kyouko, like enormous *jaws* yawning open-

Grief slams into her, dozens of marbles *flowing* like liquid. It folds around her legs, and you drag her upwards, her arms flailing wildly.

She grabs desperately at the Grief, yanking at it as you haul her through the air. A spear in her hands, prying at her legs. Magically formed metal pries at Grief, hacking herself free, and she *hurls* herself away.

She crashes to the ground, landing in a crouch and frowning up at you briefly.

You hover, wings flapping slowly - too slow to actually hold you up, but then again, *magic*.

Kyouko lets her spear dissolve into crimson motes of light, and the detransforms in a burst of light.

Taking that as a sign that the spar's over, you drift down to the ground. Yuma runs across to Kyouko as you do do, squealing, "Big sis! That was so cool!"

Kyouko absently ruffles the younger girl's hair, pulling a box of pocky from her pocket as she does so, sticking it into her mouth. She eyes you as you detransform.

You blink at her, waiting for her to speak first.

Finally, she sighs, walking forward with the box of pocky held out. "You're not as easy to beat up as I thought you would be," she says sourly, refusing to look at you. "Want one?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

OK, so. In the end, I wound up mixing votes a little, because Kyouko wound up being all bitchy.
