# Interloper pt. 9

You raise your eyebrows, feeling your lips curl into a surprised, pleased smile. "Thanks," you say, reaching out and taking one of the chocolate coated treats and sticking it in your mouth. "Uh, you too. And thanks for the spar."

Kyouko heaves a sigh, stowing the box of pocky and keeping her eyes away from you. "Can't fuckin' hate you," she grunts. "Listen, we're not friends, y' got that?" she says, waving her hand at you. "I'm just saying you're not that bad."

"Sure," you mumble, working to keep that stick of pocky in your mouth while speaking.

"And I'm not being tsundere," the redhead adds with a sharp glare.

"Sure," you repeat, still trying to hang on to the chocolate covered biscuit. You reach up and grab it with your hand.

"Big sis, what's tsundere?" Yuma asks shyly, tugging at Kyouko's hand.

Kyouko palms her face. "I... I'll tell you later, Yuma. We can go hit a hotel room for the TV or something," she mutters into her hand.

"OK!" Yuma says brightly.

"OK, how on earth do you keep the pocky in your mouth while talking?" you ask Kyouko, inspecting the stick with some annoyance.

Kyouko gives you a *look*, her own pocky still hanging from her lips. She doesn't dignify the question with an answer, opting instead to ruffle Yuma's hair fondly.

You grumble, and finish the treat in a few quick bites. "Thanks. Anyway. Do you want to spar again another time?"

The redhead frowns at you, jaw muscles working as she crunches trough the remainder.of *her* stick of pocky, replacing it with a fresh one from her seemingly inexhaustible box. Tired, faded crimson eyes regard you for a long moment, then flick away to the side before she sighs. "Yeah, sure," she mutters at last. "Whatever."

"Great," you say. "Honestly, I need more practice with my hammer."

She growls quiet under her breath, still looking away -anywhere but at you-, before holding her hand out and manifesting her Soul Gem in its egg shaped form. "Hey, can you..." she makes a vague flicking gesture at her Soul Gem with her other hand.

"Of course," you say. "I was going to ask, actually, and like I said - the offer's always open." It's the effort of a moment's focus to tug the darkness free. Kyouko's Gem is surprisingly low on corruption, for that big fight - which makes sense, you suppose, since she was *only* using her weapon. Well, you *say* 'only'.

And yet... you remember the state she was in, when you'd arrived. A sixth, maybe a fifth full.

For good measure, you cleanse your own Soul Gem, too, drawing forth the layer of corruption filming the surface. You collapse the Grief into marbles, absently pulling out Aurora's Grief Seed and replacing the Grief you'd withdrawn earlier.

Kyouko frowns, enormous ponytail wobbling behind her as she shakes her head. "You know that's fucking weird, right?"

You shrug, flicking your hand offhandedly to the side. Directed by your will, marbles cascade back into your bag, packing in neatly. "Magic is magic is bullshit." The bag sails back to you, and you catch it neatly, dusting it before slinging it over your shoulder again.

The redhead grumbles again.

You shake your head, smiling. "Shall we walk? I don't really feel like standing out here under the sun for too much longer," you say, jerking your head in the general direction of said incandescent ball of plasma.

Kyouko grunts. "Sure, whatever. C'mon, Yuma," she says, taking the younger girl's hand.

"OK!" Yuma says brightly.

You walk alongside them as you leave the junkyard, winding along the pavement. "Y' know, I know a girl about Yuma's age," you murmur to Kyouko. The green-haired girl looks up at the mention of her name and gives you a sunny grin, dimples flashing on her cheeks. "Maybe they would make good friends?"

"Piss off," Kyouko says half-heartedly. "What, y' settin' up a play date?"

You shrug. "Just a thought."

Despite her insistence to the contrary, you don't think she's really completely against the idea? Nor is she really completely against being your friend, though you can't help but feel there's something more to it. You glance sidelong at her, and find a crimson-eyed glare coming back the other way.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice. You hadn't heard from her for... forty-five minutes, now? Maybe she was concentrating on her practice?

"*Hey, Mami!*" you say. "*How's math going?*"

"*It's going well!*" Mami says brightly. "*Thanks to you, I managed to do that question!*"

"*No problem!*" you answer.

"*So, um, Sabrina,*" Mami starts, the faintest quaver permeating her mental voice.

"*I'll make it,*" you interrupt her gently. "*I'm wrapping up here.*"

"*Oh, that's good!*" Mami's voice immediately brightens. "*I'll see you soon, then?*"

"*Yep,*" you agree. "*Soon!*"

You glance at Kyouko and Yuma again as you walk out onto the main streets, joining the midday crowds. You get a few *more* odd looks than you usually would - a tall, white-haired foreigner, a scruffy looking street rat with an *enormous* red ponytail, and a tiny, green haired girl do *not* exactly make for an inconspicuous group. "So. Moving on," you say. "About Sendai..."

Kyouko frowns at you. "Yeah? Weren't you headed over there?"

"I was, and I did," you say. "It's been taken care of, and there's..." you waggle your hand from side to side. "There's peace, I guess, between the two groups there." You'd... aggressively befriended them. Yes. Aggressive befriending, that's the ticket.

Kyouko blinks. "You're... serious."

"Yep," you say. "Mami, Kirika and I went over there and put an end to it."

Kyouko blinks again. "Jesus fuck," she mutters quietly.

You chuckle, and glance sidelong at her with a smirk. "That's *exactly* what one of them said. Her name's Sakura, too."

"Fuck you," Kyouko says.

You laugh, smirk growing into a shit-eating grin. "She said that, too."

"Big sis, that's rude!" Yuma pipes up, from the other side of Kyouko.

Kyouko grumbles.

Your chuckles subside. "Anyway, more seriously," you say. "Are there any other magical girls in the area?"

The redhead frowns sharply. "No," she answers, tone clipped and abrupt. "Not if they know what's good for them."

"Ah," you say.

Kyouko glances sidelong at you, eyes hard and lips pressed together.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Include what you'd want to do for the first parts of lunch in the vote. A few conversation topics are nice.

Yuma doesn't know what 'tsundere' is because she never got to watch TV...

Spoiler

Later, after breaking into a hotel room for TV...

"Big sis, you *are* tsundere."
