# Interloper pt. 10

"I understand," you say simply.

Kyouko snorts and looks away, pocky disappearing into her mouth.

"Still-" out of the corner of your eye, you can see her head twitch over to glare at you. "-if you come across any magical girls in the future who don't have territories, you can point them towards me."

The redhead grunts, and pulls another pocky out from the box, sticking that in her mouth. "'s long as there's no one leechin' off 'f my turf, I don't care," she mutters.

"Big sis?" Yuma asks, an achingly familiar quaver in her voice. One you heard just a few minutes ago.

"Not you, Yuma," Kyouko says, stopping in the middle of the path to ruffle the girl's hair affectionately. The crowd parts around the three of you, a few odd glares sent your way by people passing by.

"O-oh," the green haired girl says, blinking her huge blue eyes up at Kyouko.

You cough lightly into your hand. "I... guess I'll be going, now." You mentally debate deploying the 'I should go' line for a brief but heated moment, before deciding that *that* joke's for Oriko. You vaguely wonder if she'll ever get it. "See you... whenever. Give me a call-" you tap the side of your head for emphasis, "-if you need help, OK?"

Kyouko rolls her eyes. "Yeah, yeah. Bye."

"See you, Sabrina!" Yuma chirps.

"Oh, by the way," Kyouko drawls, glancing obliquely at you. "Nice rings."

"Eh?" you ask, before glancing down at your hands. Your left hand, in particular - you still have the Grief Ring on, and your Soul Gem ring on your middle finger. "Uh, yeah. That one's an experiment," you say, waggling your little finger.

The redhead snorts, raising a hand in a silent wave as you start walking away. You turn down an alley, and make your way to the roof with a few quick bounds, and a moment later, you're soaring over Kasamino, wings beating vigorously and climbing hard.

You find your mind turning to Kyouko's comment on your rings earlier. Your Soul Gem ring. What if Kyuubey installed failsafes into Soul Gems? He might be able to induce Witchouts on demand, or if they get too *old*. Maybe... what if that's what happened to Roberta? She's supposed to be an old puella magi who Witched out, right?

You shake yourself, driving the thought from your mind. You're being paranoid. Far too paranoid. As well worry about those *feathers*, and you don't even *know* what those are about.

Ugh. You rub your forehead in irritation as you bank over the glittering expanse of the river, far below, vaguely wondering what its name even is. It *might* be called the Mitakihara river? You've no idea, really.

You soon arrive at the glittering steel and glass building of Mitakihara Middle School, bright and shining and obvious from above. You fold your wings and plunge, letting out a loud whoop of joy at the exhilaration of wind rushing past your ears.

With a wrenching flare of your wings, you jolt to a stop and drop lightly to the rooftop in a crouch. No one here yet, which is excellent. That would make things... rather awkward, putting it mildly.

You detransform, longcoat and ever reliable pants fading away into the aether to be replaced with your simple pale green skirt and blouse. You sit down on one of the sun-warmed benches, crossing one leg over the other and leaning back against the backrest as you wait.

As the sun reaches it zenith above, the school bell goes off. A heartbeat of silence permeates the school, breaths sucked in, and you can imagine the scene repeated dozens of times over.

"*Rise!... Bow!... Sit!*"

And a moment later, the explosion of chatter, finally released. "*Sabrina?*" Mami, of course.

"*I'm here,*" you say, smiling.

"*Oh! I'm on my way!*" Mami says.

It's bare minutes before you hear footsteps pelting up the stairwell, and Mami steps out, blinking and shading her eyes in the sudden sunlight. You stand as she catches sight of you, a wide, delighted smile appearing on her face, and she moves over, arms rising hesitantly.

"Thank you," she murmurs quietly, looking up at you.

"Hey," you say, stepping forward and wrapping your own arms around her. "Told you I'd do my best."

Her arms wrap around your waist. "*Thank* you," she murmurs into your shoulder.

"Mm," you say, letting her hug you.

A moment later, she separates from you. "Um... how did... your visit go?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

I'll be honest, I didn't think Mami would ask that, but she did, so. Holding this in abeyance:

Spoiler

\[x] Lunch:
\-\[x] Tell the others about the meeting with Kyouko and Yuma.
\-\[x] Inform Mami and Homura about the possibility of megucas appearing in Mitakihara looking for cleanses in the near future.
\-\[x] Ask Sayaka if she's settled down at her new place yet.
\-\[x] Telepathy Madoka and Sayaka. Ask how they're holding up.
\-\[x] Plans after school? Nagisa can probably come today.
\-\[x] Mami suggested a picnic earlier. We got to find a day to do this.
\-\[x] Talk about different kinds of tea.
