# Interloper pt. 11

You step back, slightly surprised, and you smile. You gesture at the bench behind you. "Ah, that's a bit of a story," you say. "Shall we sit down first?"

You flop onto the bench, Mami seating herself more sedately and smoothing down her skirt. "Where do I begin..." you muse, considering how much to tell her. In the end... you're trying to stop hiding things from her, to be less *controlling*. "Kyouko had a Grief Seed problem," you say slowly, watching Mami. "She didn't have any Seeds on her, and she was still taking care of Yuma, so I gave her one and offered cleanses."

Mami bites her lip, brow knotted in a worried frown. "Is she..."

"Yeah, she's OK," you hasten to reassure her with a hand on her shoulder. "Like I said, I gave her a Grief Seed, and I told her she can call me in at any time. After that, I had a fun spar with her, and she said that we aren't friends, and that she isn't being tsundere. Which is a huge step up from last time, so, uh. Overall I'm calling it a success."

Mami nods slowly. "That's... good. Um..."

"Mm?" you look at her inquisitively.

Her golden eyes flick up to yours, and then down again, hands worrying at the hem of her uniform blouse, twisting the fabric back and forth. You bring your hand over to rest on hers. "Mami?"

She heaves a sigh, eyes still downcast. Old pain, tempered by anger in the set of her brows, flickers across her face. "I... we... Kyouko and I parted on... very poor terms."

You close your hand lightly on hers, and she turns one hand upwards to clasp yours, palm to palm. You squeeze lightly in comfort. "I know, Mami," you say. "I know."

Mami sighs again.

You hear footsteps at the stairwell, of a whole group of people coming. The first thing you see is Madoka and Hitomi, Sayaka following a step behind the greenette and Homura ghosting along behind.

Hm. Is greenette technically correct, really? *Brun*ette developed from French -brown, brun-, so... French for green would be... vert? Vertette? Doesn't exactly roll off the tongue.

"Mami! Sabrina!" Madoka calls with a bright smile on her face. The smile fades, though, when she sees Mami looking downcast, her quick pace slowing to a walk. "Mami?"

Mami looks up, smiling weakly and smoothing her uniform out. "It's nothing," she says quickly. "Hello, everyone!"

Worried pink eyes glance at you as the others chorus their greetings, and you shake your head slightly.

Madoka nods, moving over to sit on Mami's other side. Homura gives you a sharp look as she settles on Madoka's other side.

Sayaka drops onto the opposite bench, handing a lunchbox to Hitomi, who accepts it gracefully.

"Hey, everyone," you say cheerfully as you open up your own lunchbox. "How's school going?"

Sayaka rolls her eyes. "Miss Saotome got dumped. Again," she says.

"... really?" you tilt your head over to the side. "And she... vented in front of the class again?"

Madoka nods.

Hitomi chuckles genteely, picking up her chopsticks. "Poor Nakazawa."

"How does she have a *job* if she does that kind of thing?" you wonder out loud as you pick up some rice with your chopsticks.

"Miss Saotome is a great teacher," Madoka offers.

Mami nods. "She is," she says.

"... huh," you say.

"Ah, Sayaka?" Madoka asks.

"Yeah?" Sayaka asks.

"Um, did you catch what Miss Saotome said about next week's lessons?" Madoka asks.

"Uhhh," Sayaka says.

"We're having a review session next week," Hitomi says reproachfully.

"Oh," Madoka says.

"It's nothing much," Homura says quietly, looking at Madoka.

"Yeah, yeah, we know *your* English is great, transf- Homura," Sayaka grumbles petulantly.

You cough loudly. "So, anyway, today, I went over to Kasamino for a bit."

"Oh?" Hitomi looks interested, and Homura gives you another inscrutable look.

"Yep," you confirm. "Went there to meet... an associate," you say, and chuckle. "*She* says she's not my friend, and she also says she's, quote-unquote, not being tsundere."

Hitomi blinks, looking vaguely puzzled, while Homura frowns minutely, looking askance at you. Madoka, by contrast, claps her hands together delightedly. "Oh, that's so cute! How did that hap- oops!" The lunchbox on her lap nearly overbalances and falls to the ground, but Homura's hand shoots out lightning fast to steady it. "Ah, thank you, Homura!" Madoka says.

"It's not a problem," Homura says tonelessly.

Well, you can't tell them about the whole magical girl thing. Not with Hitomi there. You rub lightly at your forehead with the hand not holding the chopsticks. "Ah, there's nothing *that* much to tell," you say delicately. "I, uh. Have a tendency to poke my nose into other people's business. That's how I met her."

Madoka giggles, this time keeping one hand on her lunchbox. "That's amazing."

Mami shifts a little, shuffling closer to you so that her hip brushes up against yours. "It is," she says quietly.

Sayaka shakes her head. "Have I mentioned how it's totally not fair you don't have to go to school?"

You shrug. "Yep."

"Well, it's totally unfair," she says, sticking her tongue out at you. "I mean, I know you lost your memory an-" she cuts herself off, looking horrified at herself.

"Sayaka!" Madoka and Hitomi say in stereo.

"Sorry! Sorry, Sabrina," Sayaka says.

"It's fine," you say. Mami brushes her hand against yours in sympathy, and you turn to find her giving you a smile. You return it, before looking around at the others. "Honestly, it doesn't bother me much."

"Ah," Sayaka says.

"So, Sayaka, how are you settling in at your new place?"

Sayaka rocks back on the bench slightly, her expression slipping. "Oh? I... it's going OK," she says loudly. Blustering. "Nothing to worry about!"

Madoka gives you a reproachful, disappointed look.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Do you want to poke Sayaka more? Clarify about the whole Kyouko and Yuma thing?

Holding in abeyance:

Spoiler

- [x] Also, I asked her to send over any girls she kicks out of her territory, so...that might be happening? Sorry about not asking first, it was kind of spur of the moment.
- [x] Lunch:
  - [x] Plans after school? Nagisa can probably come today.
  - [x] Mami suggested a picnic earlier. We got to find a day to do this.
  - [x] Telepathy Homura and Mami *I've been thinking that there might be a few girls coming here looking for me, after word about what happened in Sendai gets around. Just keep an eye out for new magical girls in the city, okay?*
  - [x] Talk about different kinds of tea.
