# Interloper pt. 12

You flush, cheeks colouring red. Dammit, *dammit, damn it.*

You shoot Sayaka and Madoka an apologetic look, one Sayaka doesn't even seem to notice. Madoka, on the other hand, shakes her head very slightly, pink eyes worried. She slants a glance at Sayaka, and then back to you. A light touch at your elbow is Mami, in silent support.

Hitomi looks askance at Sayaka, then Madoka, and you, her eyebrows knotted in confusion. Homura just tucks away another morsel of her lunch, watching with her usual implacable, unperturbed expression.

You nod. "Well, then... Are we going to do anything after school today?" you essay a smile, looking around at the others. "I think we can have Nagisa over today. If that's OK, Mami?"

Mami nods, smiling. "You don't have to ask, Sabrina, and it'd be nice to have everyone over again!"

"Oh!" Madoka says, giving you a quick smile. "I'd like to see her again, too!"

Sayaka blinks at you. "Yeah, that sounds fun," she says. "I uh kinda want to visit Kyousuke today, though."

A quick shrug and a smile. "Well, we can do one after another, right?" you say, picking up your chopsticks again.

The bluenette -bl*eu*nette?- nods quickly. "Yeah, that sounds great! I like Nagisa, she's so adorable!" she says. A smile, small but genuine, touches her face as she waves her chopsticks at you.

You grin, swallowing a mouthful. "She is!"

"Ah, who's Nagisa?" Hitomi asks, looking curiously around at all of you.

"Well, uh, remember how I said I have a tendency to stick my nose into other people's business?" you say.

Hitomi nods.

"Um, well. I found Nagisa crying in a corner at the hospital," you say. "So I took it on myself to comfort her a bit," you say. You decide to leave out that Nagisa's mother had passed away a few days ago - don't need to cast even *more* of a pall over lunch.

"Ah, I see," Hitomi nods.

"Maybe we could bring her on the picnic?" Madoka suggests.

"Ooh," you say. "I wanted to bring that up, actually! We should really find a day to do this soon."

"Maybe... this Friday?" Mami suggests hesitantly, her elbow brushing against yours. You turn and smile warmly at her, the blonde returning the smile. Over Mami's shoulder, you can see Homura giving you a look.

"I think Saturday might work better?" Madoka says, glancing at you, then Sayaka.

"Saturday works," Sayaka declares.

"Friday or Saturday," Homura says quietly, from her end of the bench. Violet eyes flicker over to you for a moment again, before she returns to dividing her attention between chewing through her plain looking lunch and watching Madoka carefully.

"Ah... picnic?" Hitomi asks.

"Oh!" Madoka says. "Um, Mami suggested that we could go for a picnic together sometime. Um, Mami, Sabrina...?" she turns to the two of you.

Mami hesitates for a moment, looking at you.

You nod with a smile. "Hitomi? Would you like to come along? Just a picnic, the six of us. Maybe seven, if we can bring Nagisa along?"

Hitomi smiles. "Thank you for the invitation," she says. "I'll, ah, have to ask my parents first," she adds, looking apologetic.

"Ah, of course," you say. "That's fine. What should we bring? Food, I mean."

"Umm... I've never had a picnic before," Mami admits.

"Oh, we just need bread and fillings for sandwiches!" Madoka says brightly. "Um, drinks, some salad... we should go shopping for it!"

"We could!" Mami agrees, smiling.

"Great, it's a plan, then!" you say. "Hmmm... is tea a thing for picnics?" You've had tea on your mind for a while.

"Iced tea, perhaps," Hitomi suggests, looking quizzically at you.

"Iced tea," Homura says, nodding in agreement.

"Iced... green tea?" you suggest.

"What? No," Hitomi says, making a face.

Mami shakes her head. "I... no, Sabrina, you do not ice green tea."

"But people do that, right?" you ask.

"Yes, Sabrina, but *we* do not," Hitomi says, with some asperity.

Mami nods, blonde drills bobbing.

"But-" So you're not allowed to microwave tea *or* ice it - well, not green tea, anyway.

A stifled giggle. Sayaka, with one hand slapped over her mouth. "Bahaha- if you could see your *face-*"

You snort, crossing your arms and pretending to be indignant. "Hmph," you say, shooting Mami a quick, reassuring smile, that you're not really angry. Privately, you're glad Sayaka seems to have gotten over her gloom.

"*Uh, by the way,*" you say telepathically to Mami and Homura as you pretend to glare in annoyance. "*I... Well, two things. I told Kyouko to send any magical girls she came across my way, rather than just chase them off. I'm sorry I didn't check with you first, but uh, it was kinda spur of the moment.*"

Madoka's shaking her head as you say that. "We can make iced English tea?" she suggests.

Homura gives you a look, violet eyes blinking. "*I see.*"

"*Oh,*" Mami says. "*Um... If you think it's for the best.*"

"Sounds like a plan," you say to Madoka, smiling, and then pop a lightly steamed broccoli into your mouth. "*Yeah, and on that note - There's probably going to be magical girls coming after *me*, personally, after what happened in Sendai gets around. Just... keep an eye out, OK?*"

Homura nods fractionally, while Mami looks faintly worried. "*Alright, Sabrina,*" she says.

Lunch slowly finishes amidst discussion of tea, and the picnic - it turns out Sayaka has a taste for herbal teas, and the date's tentatively set for Saturday. Finally, Sayaka stretches, patting her stomach happily. "Ahh," she says, leaning back on the bench.

Hitomi finishes her last bit of watermelon with a few neat bites. "In any case," she says, continuing the conversation, "Gyokuro is nice, but I still think that matcha tastes better."

"Ah, but it's so much trouble," Madoka says, her lunch long finished.

"Only if you go through the full tea ceremony," Hitomi says, setting aside her lunchbox. Sayaka discreetly takes it, and tucks it away with her own. "We *can* just brew it without the ceremony, you know."

"Ah, I hadn't thought of that," Madoka says.

"Matcha is excellent," Mami agrees. "Though western teas are good, too!"

"Ooh, what kind do you like, Mami?" you ask.

"Ceylon black," Mami says, smiling. "We still have some at home!"

You can feel Hitomi's eyes on you for a moment as you smile at Mami. "Ah, right," you say. "I'd forgotten about that."

"I think we should be going," Hitomi says, standing. She looks around for a moment. "Where's my lunchbox gone?"

"Here," Sayaka says, lifting it into view.

"Ah... thank you, Sayaka," Hitomi says. "You don't really have to, you know. My other arm is perfectly fine." The greenette wiggles the hand not in a sling at Sayaka.

"I *should*," Sayaka says.

Hitomi shakes her head, but doesn't press further as Madoka and Homura also stand. "See you later," Homura says quietly, faded amethyst eyes glancing over at you.

"See you, Homura," you say, standing yourself. "See you, everyone!" You raise your hand in a casual wave.

Mami hesitates for a moment, looking up at you before tentatively spreading her arms. You smile, and hug her. She wraps her arms around you tightly, leaning her head against you. "See you after school, Mami," you murmur into her hair.

"See you, Sabrina," Mami whispers. She separates from you a moment later, looking up at you.

The others have disappeared into the stairwell already, and you can hear the echo of their voices fading away as they descend. Mami takes a step back, golden eyes still fixed on you, and you smile at her, internally fretting about her. You... maybe if she had someone else to be a mentor to? Maybe?

Mami turns to leave, casting one last look back at you. You wave at her, smiling, and a faint smile touches her face as she disappears into the stairwell.

You sigh, bouncing lightly on your feet as you stoop to collect your bag. You've got the afternoon available to you for now, so... What now?

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Matcha is the powdered tea used for tea ceremony, by the by.
