# Interloper pt. 14

You give Oriko a curious look. "Would you mind if I asked why you don't want to go?"

"Not at all," Oriko says.

You look at her, waiting for the answ- oh *dammit*.

Kirika giggles, nestling her head against Oriko and snuggling into the curtain of silvery grey hair cascading down the seer's side.

"So, why *don't* you want to go?" you ask, giving the seer a flat look. *Really?*

"I am a recognisable figure," she says, sea green eyes resting on you. Her expression is utterly neutral. "Very recognisable, especially with... events that have occurred." She shifts on the sofa again. "I do not... especially wish to be out in public."

You sigh. "I understand. If it's just the arm, though, we can disguise that. A Grief prosthesis, maybe, or just hide it with a sling?"

"People recognise *me*, as..." her expression flattens. "As the daughter of Mikuni Hisaomi. That my arm is... missing is a... lesser concern."

You raise an eyebrow at her. "You're a precog," you say tartly. "Do you really mean that you can't avoid people like that? And, what, does *everyone* recognise you?"

Oriko frowns, brows contracting elegantly.

"Look, honestly, Oriko, I'd enjoy your company," you say. "Or, you know, we *both* would. Kirika even more than me, I'm sure. So, please?"

The black haired girl makes a muffled, vaguely affirmative noise. Moving languidly, Kirika reaches up, patting Oriko's cheek. "Please, Oriko?"

The seer looks down at Kirika, expression softening. "Kirika, I shouldn't. I told you why," she murmurs, her own arm coming across to stroke Kirika's hair.

Kirika leans into the hand, nuzzling against it like a cat. "It'll be fun!" she whines.

You give her a narrow eyed look. "What can it hurt? I mean that literally. You can see the future. I *do* think you should get out of the house a bit, stretch your legs," you say. "And you'll make Kirika happy."

"Pleaaaaase?" Kirika whines.

"... fine," Oriko finally gives in.

"Yay!" Kirika cheers, bolting upright and then throwing her arms around the seer in a tight, delighted hug.

"Sabrina?" The seer looks up at you. "Would you mind stepping outside for a moment. I need to speak to Kirika." She blinks slowly, head tilting slightly to the side. "And yes, I need to *speak* to Kirika."

"Sure," you say, arching an amused eyebrow at her. "And, uh," you say as you stand, rolling your shoulders lightly.

"Yes?" Oriko regards you with a cool, dispassionate expression.

"Would you mind if I were to uproot a rose bush? I want to test something," you say, hooking a thumb over your shoulder in the general direction of the backyard.

"I don't mind," Oriko says.

"Alright, then," you say, heading out. A flex of your mind has marbles cascading out in front of you, a rippling, glittering tide flooding out into the backyard as you flex your will. "This might feel *quite* Witchy, by the way," you call over your shoulder.

An effort of will has the marbles melting into the form of a small excavator bucket. Just the bucket and most of the arm; you don't have enough grief for more than that. As the floating machine parts form, they virtually *glow* in your puella magi senses - *Witch*.

You look forward again, motioning with your hand. The excavator arm swings forward, biting into the ground with disdainful ease. You flip your hand, drawing it back, and the bucket pulls back, gouging a great hole from the ground and tearing a rosebush from the ground.

"Place it behind the rest of the rosebushes, if you please," Oriko says, walking up to watch dispassionately.

You comply, depositing it out of sight of the house, and then dissolve the excavator arm.

"Sabrinaaaaa?" Kirika asks. She's holding a large piece of cloth she's busily tying into a sling.

"Yes?" you ask as marbles flood back into your bag.

"What *are* you testing?" she asks brightly.

"Uh, to see whether things I do with Witch Grief are permanent?" you say.

"Ah," Kirika says. "OK. Oriko, do you want me to tear up the rest of the bushes?"

Oriko gives her a fond smile. "No need, Kirika."

"OK!" she says brightly. "Shoppiiiiiiing time?"

"Shopping time," you confirm. "So, uh, where's the nearest supermarket?"

"Walking distance," Oriko says, placidly unruffled. "Two blocks away."

"Well, is walking fine with you?" you ask. "Or maybe roofhopping?"

The seer's eyes go distant for a moment. "Roofhopping," she says, eyes refocusing.

"Sure," you shrug.

A few minutes later, you're roofhopping, Oriko and Kirika right behind you. To your great amusement, you can hear sharp cracks behind you as they follow, while you... You're doing *less* damage than they are. You're pretty sure. You *could* revert to actually trying to disperse momentum the *mundane* way by rolling on the landings, buuu*uuuut*.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami, sounding... panicked.

"*Mami? What's wrong?*" you ask, worry bleeding into your tone.

"*Um. There's... We're having a test right now,*" Mami says. "*I... didn't study.*"

You blink, nearly missing your step at the edge of a rooftop. She *did* mention a geography test last week, didn't she?

...

Well, damn.

**\[] Write-in**

Spoiler: Held in abeyance

\[x] Subjects for small-talk: (if Oriko comes restrain the jokes, don't talk about ojous, and include her in the general conversation while letting Kirika carry it)
\-\[x] Talk to Kirika about ojous. And... love? Ask for advice. How do we get her to stop worrying so much and be happier?
\-\[x] Ask Kirika if she would like to go flying someday.
\-\[x] Talk to Kirika about things she wants to do but hasn't had a chance to yet.
\-\[x] Ask how the healing is coming along. Is Kirika's proficiency with healing improving? Has Oriko been taught how yet?
\-\[x] Talk about cooking/baking. Pretty sure this is a shared interest between all three of us. Nerd out over it if appropriate.
\-\[x] Ask Kirika to tell you the bad jokes she came up with. All of them.
\-\[x] Tell all the bad jokes back. All of them.
\--\[x] How does a precog say goodbye? See you later.
\--\[x] How does an amnesiac say goodbye? I forget.
\--\[x] What did the precog say to the meme? I saw what you were going to do there.
\--\[x] How do you fool a precog? By making her wear motley and a hat with bells on it.
\[x] After returning, ask them if they would be willing to assist you with experiments

\=====​

And we're back! Breaking here to give an opportunity to refine the conversation a little more and if you want to direct it anywhere in particular other than small talk. And how you want to respond to Mami, of course.
