# Interloper pt. 15

"*Ah,*" you say as your body moves almost on automatic pilot, bounding and leaping for the next building. "*We *have* been pretty busy these last couple of days, huh,*" you muse.

"*I... it was worth it, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*You're... saving people is so much more important than just a silly test.*"

"*Hmm, well,*" you say non-committally. "*That doesn't make the test *less* important, Mami. I can help out if you want?*"

"Here," Oriko calls to you, suiting action to word and stopping.

You drag yourself to a halt, boots scraping across concrete flagstones of the roof, turning to look at the seer. She points across the street, and you follow her pointing finger across the street.

"*I...*" you can imagine the worried expression, Mami biting her lip. "*I shouldn't.*"

When you look back to Oriko, Kirika's fussing over her, draping the sling over her neck and carefully settling the seer's stump of an arm into the sling. It isn't *perfect*, but it's a good enough disguise that most people won't give her a second glance, you think. Oriko gives the black haired girl a smile.

You look away as Kirika leans in. "*Are you sure, Mami? It's... important to you,*" you say as you stride over to the edge of the building and peer down to the alleyway below.

It's clear. You take a long step off the side of the building, falling smoothly to the ground below amidst a flurry of your longcoat.

"*I shouldn't,*" she says. "*I... maybe a few questions?*"

You nod to yourself, destransforming in a brilliant burst of light. "*OK, I'll be here,*" you say. "*And... Mami?*"

"*Mm?*" she asks.

"*We could study together next time, if you like,*" you say.

"*... I'd like that,*" Mami says.

A rustle of cloth and twinned, sharp cracks of breaking concrete behind you signal the arrival of Oriko and Kirika. A doubled strobe of light is Kirika and Oriko untransforming, leaving them in their casual clothes.

"Finally done?" you say, turning to grin at them.

"Yep!" Kirika says, giving you an embarassed grin. The grin turns devious a moment later. "Were you talking to *your* oujo?" Oriko just settles her sling, working it back into place, giving you a thin, unruffled smile.

"... well, yes," you admit as you stroll out of the alley, the two of them following behind you. The supermarket's just across the street, and as you wait for the traffic light, you raise an eyebrow at Kirika. "How did you even know?"

"It's obvious," Kirika says, as if *that* in turn is the most obvious thing in the world.

You snort, shaking your head. "Riiiiight," you answer as the light turns and you cross the road. "Maybe to *you*."

Kirika shrugs, giving you a perky grin. "So how's your oujo?"

"Not my oujo," you correct. "Doing well, in any case." For a given value of 'well', anyway. You can see Oriko giving you a narrow eyed look, out of the corner of your eye. "How's *your* oujo?"

"She's doing well." Kirika grins happily at Oriko as the three of you step into the supermarket, a blast of chilly air flooding out towards you. "I think she's in a good mood!"

Oriko chuckles slightly, but merely gestures at the vegetable section rather than saying anything.

"*Ummm, Sabrina?*" Mami asks.

"*Yes, Mami?*" you reply as you follow Oriko, Kirika snagging a basket and swinging it lightly from her elbow as she bounces along in the seer's wake.

"*Um... what controls dynamic metamorphism?*" Mami asks.

You blink, vaguely surprised. "*Uh,*" you say, dredging your memories as you help to select tomatoes. "*Let me see. Temperature and pressure, so, depth. Um... at different depths you get different types of rock. Breccia, pseudotachylite and, um, mylonite.*"

"*... pseudotachylite, mylonite...*" Mami mutters, and you imagine that she's writing it down as you say it. "*Um, do you know the depths?*"

"*Uh, above 5 kilometers, in between, and below 10, respectively,*" you answer.

"*... in between, 5 to 10... Thank you, Sabrina!*" Mami says.

"*No problem!*" you reply, as you pick out nice, plump tomato and drop it into a plastic bag. Oriko runs her single hand over the pile, dipping into it and selecting ones seemingly at random to drop into the same bag.

"So, Kirika," you say.

"Yep?" she asks, giving you a happy, fanged grin as she plucks a tomato from the pile "This one, Oriko?"

Oriko gives it a once over. "No, Kirika, see this bruise here?"

Kirika pouts, and puts it back.

You chuckle. "Would you like to go flying one day?"

Oriko raises her eyebrows aristocratically at you, but Kirika practically *bounces* in place. "Yes!" she squeaks.

"Hah," you say. "Well, maybe if I can figure something out. Or we can get Chouko on this."

"Yesssssssss," Kirika squeals, spinning in place. "Oriko can come too, right?"

You shrug. "Sure."

Oriko smiles fondly at Kirika.

You chuckle to yourself. "How many tomatoes do you want, anyway?" you ask, hefting the bag up. "There's... six in here already."

Oriko considers that. "That will be enough," she notes, already starting to move on to the next section.

"So anyway," you ask Kirika as you place the bag of tomatoes into the shopping basket. "Anything *else* you want to do but haven't had the chance to, yet?"

Kirika touches a hand to her chin, looking thoughtful. "That's tricky!" she says. "Uhhh, let me think about it?"

"No rush," you shrug. You *do* wonder if that's true, but... eh.

"How's the healing, by the way?" you ask Oriko as you catch up with her selecting some celery. "Is Kirika improving?"

"It's been one day," Oriko notes drily. "There hasn't been much time for improvement."

"... well, that's fair," you say, feeling faintly silly. "How 'bout you? You could learn from her."

"I could," Oriko agrees. "And did."

"Alright," you say. The three of you slowly fill the basket up with fresh produce - what they're lacking, it seems, is mostly perishables. Which, in retrospect, makes sense. Meanwhile, you answer another two questions for Mami.

"Say, do you need anything for baking?" you ask idly as you give the basket a once-over.

Oriko gives you a sharp look. "I wouldn't mind," she says.

"Then let's go," you say cheerfully, leading the way to the baking section. "Do you like baking much?"

"... somewhat," Oriko allows.

"Cool," you say, grinning. "Hmmm... plain flour. Confectionary?" You drop a bag of said flour into Kirika's basket.

The seer shakes her head. "Just basic cakes and cookies and the like," she says. "I... haven't learned much."

"Well, you should," you say firmly.

Oriko gives you another inscrutable look, adding her own contributions to the basket - baking powder and various other items.

Eventually, the basket's nearly overflowing, and Oriko pays at the counter. The three of you leave, you and Kirika laden down with bags. Mostly Kirika. Oriko stiffens as she steps out onto the street, and spins in the opposite direction of her house, walking at a stiff, hurried pace away, threading through the crowds.

"Someone who might recognize you?" you ask as you hurry after her.

A stiff nod.

"Down the alley, then," you say.

Marbles flood out of the bag, and form a shallow dish of a platform. "Kirika, drop the groceries in- yeah, like that," you say, watching as she complies.

"Mind the eggs," Oriko says as you close the dish fully over the groceries.

"Yep," you agree, transforming. The three of you bound up to the roof. Oriko relaxes slightly as she lands on the roof, Kirika moving next to her and giving her a hug. You look away.

The three of you are soon bounding away, headed back to Oriko's house.

"*By the way,*" you call telepathically to the two of them. "*There's a trick, you can pulse your magic on landing and liftoff, to try and avoid cracking the rooftops. I'm not very good at it yet, but it's something to... y'know, learn.*"

"*Noted,*" Oriko says. "*We don't exactly have much opportunity to practice, I should point out.*"

"*Ehhh, we'll see,*" you say, keeping a metaphorical eye on the Grief bubble containing the groceries, zooming along on a flat, level path behind you. You consider suggesting that they could practice in the rose garden, but there really isn't much room for that.

It doesn't take you too long to arrive back at Oriko's mansion. You glance at the watch - there's maybe half an hour left before you should go and find Mami.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Wheeeeeeeeeeeee\~
