# Interloper pt. 16

You bring the bubble of Grief containing the groceries to Oriko's kitchen as you walk into the mansion, considering the future. Things you've planned, things you hope to pull off. Though really, first and foremost is... Mami, you have to admit.

You glance at the silver haired seer. "Oriko?"

She looks at you, raising her eyebrows slightly.

"Um... would you mind if I were to speak privately with Kirika for just a moment?" you ask cautiously, and gesture at the kitchen. "We could unpack the groceries in the meantime."

Oriko eyes you thoughtfully, glancing at Kirika. The black haired girl nods eagerly, her eyes bright. "Very well," she acquiesces, moving over to the sofa and sinking onto it, fumbling the fake sling off.

Kirika bounces into the kitchen, and you follow, if more sedately. An effort of will melts the bubble containing the groceries away, Grief wisping away.

"Your power is so cool," Kirika says as she watches the deep purple cloud swirl and eddy. Marbles accrete out of the formless mass, sliding into your sling bag.

"Thanks," you say, moving over to the piles of groceries. You check the carton of eggs, first, going over each and every single one of them. Intact, excellent. Oriko would probably bitch passive aggressively if you'd broken any of them.

"Sooooo..." Kirika asks. "Whatcha want to ask?"

"Well, it's about Mami," you say as you rummage through the groceries, separating the greens from the rest.

"Who's Mami?" Kirika asks, head tilting birdlike to the side. "... your oujo?"

You pause, blinking owlishly at her. "... yes, but she's not my oujo," you say.

"Right, right," Kirika says, grin spreading across her face. "Your oujo's name is Mami."

"... you're messing with me, right?" you ask, narrowing your eyes at her. You're... you pause, dredging your memory. You're *quite* sure you've mentioned Mami's name to Kirika before. Quite, *quite* sure.

"So, what about your oujo?" Kirika asks, turning to store the bag of flour away in a cabinet. You can see the sliver of a grin lurking on her face still.

...

She's messing with you.

Right?

"... well, I've got a bit of a problem," you admit as you shuffle the vegetables into their monolithic, looming refrigerator. Sitting beside it is that minifridge you'd brought over from Oriko's warehouse, plugged in and humming away quietly.

A sudden silence from the other end of the kitchen.

Kirika's halted midstep, brows drawing together seriously as she sets down the cartons and plastic tub she'd been bringing over. "I'm listening."

You stare at the sudden change in demeanour. "Mami's always afraid I'm going to leave her," you sigh. "Do you have any advice to make her understand that I..." you swallow. "I won't leave her, no matter what? I've... *told* her that, over and over, and regardless, she still seems to think that I... might just be using her. She... she doesn't believe that I care for her, and she's so *scared*."

Kirika's nostrils flare. A few quick steps, and she's standing right in front of you, staring seriously up into your eyes. "Love her," she says.

"I-"

"No, she-" Kirika stops, stepping back. "Be there for her. She's *yours*, you're *hers*, but it, I," she bites her lip. "It was... *months*, before Oriko even... *noticed* me. Be *there* for her, be patient."

"... ah," you say.

"Love is an infinity of limitations," she says, eyes distant. "And it's worth it. Every single one of them."

"... ah," you say again, faintly stunned.

"So!" Kirika says cheerfully, spinning on her heel and marching back to the kitchen table. "The ice cream needs to go into the freezer before it melts!"

"... ah," you repeat, blinking owlishly.

"Earth to Sab*rinaaaaa*," Kirika lilts at you, nudging you out of the way of the fridge and stuffing it in.

"Right, groceries," you say, shaking your head quickly, moving to the table. "Thanks, Kirika."

"No problem," she grins at you.

It only takes a few more minutes to pack away the groceries neatly, and you return to the living room. "Orikooo*ooooo*," Kirika calls as she bounces ahead of you and flopping bonelessly across the seer's lap.

"So, I need to head off pretty soon," you say, looking at the happy couple. "But one last thing. I'm working on... researching ways to improve the lives of all magical girls. Would you be willing to assist?"

Oriko nods. "Yes," she says, looking curiously at you.

You root around in your pocket, and withdraw Aurora's Seed. "Alright, give me a minute or two and I'll trade you the Grief Seed you have for this one?" You focus on the Grief Seed, dredging deep into it to withdraw the masses of Grief within. Miniature planetoids coalesce out of the billowing Grief, vectoring out into the backyard. Driven by your will, the Grief Seed empties slowly clearing out.

You hold it out to Oriko, *looking* at the Grief Seed to be sure.

*Aurora*.

The Witch, *Aurora*, is inert, torpid within the clear, glassy sphere of the Grief Seed.

Oriko considers the Seed, reaching out a hand and taking it from you. "Kirika?" she murmurs, rolling the Grief Seed in her fingers and studying it.

"Ah, right!" Kirika fumbles in her pocket and holds the Grief Seed -Gwen- out to you.

You take that, sliding the Grief Seed into your pocket. You've got two Grief Seeds, Hildegarde, and Gwen. You're *still* not sure what's up with Hildegarde, really. Or with clear Seeds in general. Ugh. Still, that's what testing is for.

"Anyway, I should g-" A chill runs down your spine, a familiar feeling prickling at the edge of your senses. *Witch*. Nearby. Your eyes flicker down to your watch - ten minutes to go before school's dismissed.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Kirika is *so much fun* to write.
