# Interloper pt. 17

*Dammit.*

You glare up at the ceiling.

"Witch," Oriko murmurs, eyes fixing on Kirika, then drifting to you.

"Yeah," you snap. "Dammit, dammit, *damn it*."

Kirika twists in Oriko's lap to look up at her, citrine eyes curious. "A Witch?" she asks.

Your lips compress together. It... you've had this worrying sensation all day. That someone, somewhere, is playing *les buggers risible*... an interloper messing around. Could this be enemy action? You're not sure. And you're not even sure about asking Oriko, here.

You shake your head, watching the Witch Barrier on the edge of your senses. It's... drifting? "Kirika, I'm going to kill the Witch," you say. "Would you come with me?"

She frowns at you, curiosity fading to be replaced by confusion. "It's... school finishes now, doesn't it? Shouldn't you be going to your oujo?"

"Yeah," you grunt. "Wanna set a Witch killing speed record?"

Kirika shakes her head. "It's just a Witch," she says. "I bet it won't even come near here."

"Kill the Witch," Oriko says, eyes focusing suddenly on you. "Be quick about it."

Kirika opens her mouth, but nothing comes out, and she slowly shuts it.

You frown at her. "Why? I mean, I intend to, but what do you see?"

"You were looking for some*one* earlier today, right?" the seer asks, putting a curious emphasis on her words.

"Yeah?" It takes a moment for it to click. The Glass Witch. "Oh. You mean she's..."

Oriko shakes her head. "Not yet. Hurry, and tell Tomoe Mami."

"Yeah, was going to," you say, mind racing. *Interesting.* "Kirika?"

"Well, Oriko says so," the black haired girl says, glancing at the seer for confirmation. Oriko nods, and Kirika jackknifes upright, grinning brightly at you. "Let's go!"

You nod, already striding towards the rose garden. "*Mami, Homura?*"

As you step out to the backyard, you glance at the uprooted rosebush. It's still hidden away behind the rest of the bushes, barely visible, and the hole gouged in the ground is still there, so... you weren't *really* expecting anything else, but it's confirmation, anyway. You glance down at the ring *still* on your little finger. Yep, that's still fine, too.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami says. "*Ah, the test is over, we'll be dismissed soon!*"

"*Is something wrong?*" Homura asks.

"*I went to check on Oriko and Kirika,*" you say, striding quickly down the path - there's no really tall buildings in the immediate area to roofhop from, and Kirika can't fly. "Bye, Oriko, thanks for hanging out," you call over your shoulder.

"Goodbye," Oriko calls, sounding faintly surprised.

"*And?*" Homura prompts.

"*There's a Witch nearby,*" you say. "*I'm going to mulch it quickly and then head over, OK? I promise it won't take long.*"

Silence. "*A-alright,*" Mami says. "*W-we'll come and find you?*"

You bite your lip. You... you mean to stop curtailing Mami's agency, so that she can regain some more self confidence, so... "*Sure, Mami, but take your time,*" you say as you hurry along the road, Kirika hot on your heels. "*I promise this won't take long.*"

"*A-alright,*" Mami says.

"*Understood.*" Homura, precise and to the point.

You nod, turning down an alley, and you're bounding over the rooftops a few moments later, longcoat flapping behind you. Grief whirls around you, marbles melding to form the interlocking layer of sturdy armour plates under your coat. A thought strikes you as you bound along. "*Oriko?*"

"*Yes?*" the seer replies, unruffled.

"*Do not put the clear seed with a normal Grief Seed,*" you say. "*Uh, that might lead to the normal one hatching.*"

"*... I see,*" Oriko says.

"*Yeah, nearly found that one out the hard way,*" you say.

"*Thank you for the warning,*" Oriko replies.

Eleven minutes to go, and the Barrier is right... *there*.

"Going right in," you call to Kirika.

"Gotcha!" she calls back, giving you a one eyed grin.

You dive off the side of the building, plunging straight into the Barrier below.

The familiar jolt of transition, and the equally familiar, nauseating sensation of *Witch, Witch, Witch* all around you. Probably how other puella magi feel about *your* Witch manipulations, if you think about it.

Cavernous cathedral halls yawn out all around you, ancient stone and brick and mortar cast in graceful arches. Above your head gleams a single timeworn chandelier heavy with wax drippings, the sole source of illumination in the Barrier.

Under your feet is a thick, dried layer of... *gunk*, tough and crusty. The same substance piles up in enormous heaps pressed up against the wall, and a musty, ammoniac scent hangs heavy in the air.

"Nasty," Kirika opines, kicking hard at the ground, and breaking a section off to reveal what looks like yellowed sheets of parchment, paper.

"Witches," you say. "Time's a wasting. C'mon." You start forward at a jog, the floor almost... *springy* under your feet, and what Grief that isn't in your armour spreading to form a slowly turning storm cloud of razor shards, a deadly hurricane with you and Kirika at its centre.

"Above!" Kirika barks. Before you can react, she's already leaping, and you hear the impact before you're even looking in the right direction - the clear, chiming tone of metal clashing with metal.

Shards of bright steel fall away from the spectre of Kirika's form, along with a flash of colour - a single, wingéd golden hat. With an extra 'éd' sound.

Bigger problems. You can hear more Familiars swarming in, a steady pitter patter. Giant pins, each topped by the same gilded, wingéd hats. You charge, hurricane of blades roaring around you.

Ringing, bell-like tones of steel, effortlessly sheared through. Kirika sprinting in on your left, a black blur even to your eyes, and in her wake, devastation. Shattered steel and tattered golden cloth flutter after her.

The two of you blaze a swath of destruction through the Familiars, dim light shining from the chandelier eternally overhead.

A change, a difference in the texture of the air.

*Smoke*.

Where?

*Under*.

"Kirika! *Jump!*" you yell.

Without hesitation, she leaps, bounding vertically with inhuman speed and height.

Fire roars, bright and voracious and spiteful. A white hot flame, licking out from beneath Kirika's feet.

Flames lick out, consuming the crusted layer. The Familiars, glittering malevolently in the flickering, guttering light. Black smoke gouting into the air, thick and unpleasant.

The way ahead of you is clear. Clear but for the Familiars, as you sprint forward, tearing through the crowd, Kirika now sticking close to you as the fire blazes over the encrustations in the Barrier, forming a solid, flaming wall to bar your exit.

And-

\-you're-

\*-there.\*​

Another chamber, cavernous and brooding. This one's held up by thick, solid wooden joists, and despite the radiant heat scorching your back from the wall of fire behind you, deep shadows cloak the chamber. A single point of light; an eldritch, lambent blue glow that *warps* the eye painfully if you look at it straight on.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice. "*Are you here?*"

"*Fighting the Witch now,*" you tell her. "*I'll be there soon!*"

"*Oh,*" Mami says. "*I. Um.*"

"*Where are you?*" Homura's quiet, impassive voice.

"*Oh, um... [Block](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_addressing_system) 31-4, I think? Somewhere around there,*" you say.

"*On our way,*" Homura says.

"*We'll be there soon!*" Mami says. "*Be... be safe, Sabrina.*"

"*I will,*" you say firmly, turning to look back at the Witch.

Slowly, mechanical clacking, and you can see immense, spidery limbs shifting in the darkness, distorting, *curving* as they pass before the glow, as if seen through a distorted lens.

Kirika stares down, glancing at you, her single visible eye seeming to burn with a cold light despite the clinging shroud of shadows. You can feel her pulling in her magic, like sucking in a deep breath. You nod at her. *Permission granted.*

Anti-magic pulses out, a tidal wave focused into a tight cone. It slams home with almost concussive force, and you can see the shadowy form *shudder*, it's entire form wavering like a mirage before snapping back into focus. Kirika pouts.

Heavy, loud metallic chittering, and the titanic, mechanical figure skitters forward, the motion slowed, listless. The refulgent blue disc -and it *is* a disc, spinning endlessly in a motion not quite *right*- casting its eye-warping glow upon the two of you like a baleful eye. It roars.

The sound's like nothing so much as lead pressed through the world's biggest cheesegrater, the roar tearing at your ears.

Kirika crouches, and blurs forward.

You sprint forward, Kirika outpacing you easily - but not your Grief.

A blizzard of blades rips forward, the deadly storm sleeting and parting around Kirika to bite into the Witch. A thousand ringing impacts sound, rents torn in the hulking, spidery figure. One blade slams into the wheel, and *distorts*, spinning through an angle *other* to reality, everting a few meters away.

Kirika slams into the Witch, weaving around the limbs stabbing down towards her, claws carving deep rents into the limbs.

You frown, and plant your feet, focusing. "*Dissoluzione-*"

"*-Bianca!*" you roar and throw your hands wide.

Grief *tears* from the Witch, great swathes washing away and ash spraying across the Barrier. Kirika stumbles through a limb suddenly melted away as you feel the Witch *end*.

The Barrier falters, wavering like smoke in the wind.

You let the Grief, temporarily borrowed, go as you feel the Barrier collapse.

Kirika turns, grinning slyly at you as the Barrier fades around you. "Dissoluzione Bianca?" she imitates.

"Uh," you say, reddening. "Mami suggested it."

The grin widens, and Kirika nods without saying anything further.

...

The Grief Seed pings to the ground in front of you.

You sense a presence -a puella magi- nearby. Two buildings over, and turning to walk away.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

[
](<http://Goodbye, Sir Terry Pratchett. This is all the tribute I can offer.>)Today's Witch is brought to you by PI DAY. 3/14/15!

Also, Mami and Homura will be arriving next update too, so take that into account.
