# Interloper pt. 18

"*Homura, Mami?*" you call, including Kirika as well.

"*Sabrina? What is it?*" Mami replies immediately, sounding anxious.

"*The Witch is dead,*" you say, glancing at Kirika, who grins at you, and stoops to pick up the Grief Seed. "*But, uh, something's come up. Homura, could you get here by timestop?*"

"*On the way,*" Homura says, sounding faintly perturbed. You blin-

*-k*. Hues of grey shroud the world, the colour leached away from surroundings, and Kirika frozen in her bent over position. A golden ribbon's lashed to your waist, winding from you, to Mami, to Homura. Both of them are transformed, and both of them have their guns in their hands - Homura with another of her Desert Eagles, and Mami with a filigreed musket.

Mami steps forward, face anxious and arms rising tentatively. You smile, hugging her tightly, and both her arms close around you, musket tapping against your back. You squeeze her tightly, feeling her heart beat against your own for a moment. A moment later, you step back and look at Homura, over Mami's shoulder.

The time traveller's pistol is half raised as she glances warily at the rooftops, and then at Kirika. "What's the problem?" she asks, her dulcet tones loud in the utter silence of timestop.

You nod. "Can we bring in Kirika, first? *She* isn't the problem, and she helped me out, so..." you trail off.

Mami nods, ribbon already spooling from her hand. The golden cloth reaches out like a living thing, winding around Kirika's waist. Colour blooms across her body, and her fingers close around the Grief Seed. She straightens up, bright grin still fixed on her face. The grin morphs into confusion, and she blinks at Mami and Homura.

"Oh. Hi!" she says, grin returning full force.

"Hello, Miss Kure," Mami says, tone formal and polite.

Homura regards the berzerker for a moment, before looking back to you.

"OK, so, first thing. Cleansing, everyone?" you ask, raising your hand. As the others present their Soul Gems to you, you begin explaining. "The Witch wasn't a problem," you say, pulling the Grief from their Soul Gems. You note with a pang that Mami's Gem is rather more clouded than you'd expect, Grief bubbling effervescently within the golden Gem.

"After killing the Witch, I noticed a new girl nearby," you say. To your faint surprise, *Homura's* Soul Gem is clouded rather more than from day to day living. "I've had... a... call it a premonition, all day long, that there'd be something up, and well. I wanted to be sure."

Homura eyes you. "A premonition?"

You nod. "Yeah."

The time traveller nods slowly, lowering her pistol to hang loosely at her side.

Mami sucks in a worried breath. "Is she... do you think she's a threat?"

"I don't know," you answer honestly."That's why..." you gesture wordlessly around, including Homura, Mami, and the frozen world all around you.

Mami nods sharply, expression firming. Her hand brushes tentatively against the back of yours, and you grab it, squeezing lightly.

Homura exhales slowly, closing her violet eyes. When she opens them again, they're steady and resolute. "Very well," she says. "Let's go."

You smile at your friends. You can see yourself facing Walpurgisnacht with them. And you can see yourself *winning*. It might be an easy fight. It might not be. Certainly, your powers are nearly... *tailored* to fighting Witches, to *murdering* them with impunity. But, well. Walpurgisnacht is in a class of its own, after all.

Kirika just bounces on the balls of her feet, directing a cheerful, one-eyed grin at you.

"Yeah, let's go," you say, shaking off the moment of introspection.

A moment later, the four of you are bounding over the rooftops. An effort of will has the *masses* of Grief you'd drawn free from Aurora following you at a distance - miniature planetoids in the hundreds, far and away enough to pack a room full. And speaking of Grief Seeds...

A thought occurs to you. "By the way, Kirika?" you call back over the rushing of the wind, ducking around a ventilation duct on a roof. "The new girl might need the Grief Seed, so, uh, just hang on to it?"

"Gotcha\~" she lilts back at you.

The trip across the rooftops is accompanied by the sounds of your footfalls, and the crack of concrete underfoot. You're... well, you're getting better at cushioning it. You think. Better than Kirika, anyway. Your longcoat snaps out behind you as you soar over the rooftops, vaguely reminding you of wings.

Heh.

Wings. Flying squirrels. Japan has this species of squirrel that are basically tiny balls of fluff and about fifty percent giant adorable eyes by mass, doesn't it? Hmmm... there might even be some in Mitakihara. You could ask, certainly.

On your right. You can sense the girl, a motionless presence ensnared in the time stop. You veer in that direction.

She's on a roof, frozen in a posture that suggests she's stumbling away from the Barrier, head hanging low and shoulders drooping. Transformed, of course. If her face wasn't tear streaked, you'd say she was... nearly classically beautiful, high cheekbones. She has... more than a touch of Asian ancestry, you think, in the set of her eyes and features to soften what would otherwise be chiselled features. Lustrous black hair tumbles in ringlets to mid-back. Her costume is a simple, elegant affair, something very nearly an evening gown.

And she's *high* on corruption. Nearly half full, you'd guess - you can *see* the darkness in the Soul Gem on the choker around her neck.

One last bound, and you land on the same roof, your friends a step behind. An effort of will tugs at the Grief, pulling the corruption free in a billowing torrent. Brief colour washes over the girl, her dress revealed to be a sparkling sky blue to match her eyes, though *those* are currently red and puffy from crying.

The timestop reclaims her as the last of the Grief comes free, drifting over to you in a cloud you shape into marbles as you eye the girl carefully, considering what you want to do.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Apologies, I meant to mention this an update ago - you *do* still have *all* of Aurora's Grief following you around in a miniature planetarium.
