# Interloper pt. 20

Mami purses her lips lightly in consideration. "Miss Ono, if I may," she says slowly. "When we found you, your Soul Gem was dangerously dark. Do you require aid?"

"No, of course not," the girl answers immediately, the words seeming snapped out on reflex. Rehearsed, almost.

*Interesting*.

"Ah, my apologies, then." Mami's obviously picked up on it too. The girl nods graciously.

You glance at Homura and Kirika, over on the far roof. Homura doesn't seem to have moved at all, a vigilant, watchful statue with her rifle still resting on her lap, while Kirika's kicked her legs out, drumming her feet against the roof with impatient energy.

After a moment of hesitation, Mami continues, voice smooth and unperturbed. "Miss Ono, we would like to extend an invitation to you, to join our group." Mami gestures at you. "We hunt together, and support each other with our powers."

Megane -doesn't that mean glasses?- considers that for a moment. "That is a generous offer," she allows. "May I have a few minutes to think it over?"

"Of course," Mami says, smiling.

The girl walks a few steps away, and Mami turns, walking over to *you*. You smile up at Mami, patting the ledge beside you. Mami sits gracefully, smoothing her skirt out and tucking her legs neatly to the side. "I hope that was fine?" Mami asks anxiously, keeping her voice hushed enough that it shouldn't be audible over the timestop.

"Yeah," you say, smiling warmly at her. "You did great, Mami."

Mami returns the smile. "Thank you, Sabrina. I..." she bites her lip, glancing at Megane. You follow her gaze, looking at the girl - who, despite her name, does *not* in fact wear glasses. She's standing at the edge of the roof, looking into the distance. Back in the direction where you'd fought that Witch.

A part of you considers playing some music. Music's soothing, right? And it'd help to fill the awful silence of timestop.

... then again, that'd be a terrible idea. Probably unnerve her right out.

"Mmm?" you look back at Mami. "She's holding something back, isn't she? I mean, she wasn't exactly happy before, and..." you indicate the girl with your eyes again.

"I think so," Mami says, lowering her voice further. "I... she's hiding something, but... I'm not sure what. I think... she might be guilty over something?"

"Hm," you say thoughtfully, eyeing the girl again. She's rubbing her eyes, the motion hurried. You look back to Mami, who's also watching the girl, eyes evaluating. "By the way, Mami?"

"Mmm?" she looks curiously at you.

"You haven't brought up my..." you wiggle your fingers at her, trusting her to understand what you mean. "I trust your judgement, of course," you reassure her quickly. "Just... any reason?"

"I... I think she's new," Mami says softly. "I'm not sure she... you know. Knows about... but we could tell her, too."

"Hmm, I see," you say. "I'll leave it to you, Mami. I trust you, OK?" You give her another warm smile.

Footsteps heading towards you. You notice that her composure seems to have been fully restored, her face almost seeming... made up, the puffy, bloodshot eyes now a clear, sky blue, and what *looks* like an artful touch of eyeshadow and light touches of blush applied to her cheeks.

Huh.

She gives you an unreadable look, brow furrowed slightly, before turning her gaze to Mami. "I've made my decision," she announces.

Mami smiles, standing and brushing her skirt off. You rise beside her, arching an eyebrow at the girl's apparent snubbing of you. "And what might that decision be, Miss Ono?" Mami asks pleasantly.

"I would like to join your group, if that's acceptable?" the girl asks.

"Of course," Mami says, before glancing quickly at you, eyes questioning. You tilt your head fractionally at her. *Your call.*

Mami continues smoothly. "We're currently not doing anything, but if you're ever in need of help, or hunting a Witch, let us know, and if we can, we'll come and help. Additionally, Sabrina can cleanse your Soul Gem, if you're ever in need."

"I see," the girl says, gaze flicking to you. You hold her eyes for a moment, trying to look nonthreatening.

"Additionally," you say, reaching into your pocket and pulling out Gwen's Grief Seed. You check it mentally -seems like it was used once?- and absently wipe it clean with an effort of will, Grief billowing away. Not too much in there, so that's fine.

Megane watches the process curiously, only flinching slightly at the weak sensation of *Witch* given off by the Grief. Her brow furrows as you hold the Grief Seed out to her.

"You may have this," you say. "Also... I can cleanse Soul Gems. I don't ask anything for it, I simply offer the service because I have the ability to, and I want to help as many magical girls as I can."

The girl shakes her head. "I'm fine, I don't need the Seed," she says.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Short-ish update. Next update will probably be the end of this little scene, unless you do something to change that.
