# Interloper pt. 23

"We are," Mami agrees, giving you a quick smile.

"This way," you say, taking the lead.

The two of you quickly bound ahead of the group, hopping down into an alley and detransforming. The tremendous bulk of Grief you leave at rooftop level to drift across the roofs in a deep purple tide.

"Hey, everyone!" you call cheerfully as you step out of the alley, raising your hand in a wave. Mami's just a step behind you, a gentle smile on her face.

Homura, Madoka, Sayaka, and Hitomi, walking in a group. Black, pink, blue and green.

"Hello Mami, hello Sabrina!" Madoka brightens when she sees you. Sayaka waves energetically, hefting two schoolbags in her free hand. "Hey!"

Homura nods at you and Mami. "Hello," she says.

Hitomi blinks at the two of you, head tilting and a faintly baffled frown crossing her face. "Hello, Mami, Sabrina," she says, waving at you with the hand not encased in a cast. "Were you waiting long for us?"

"Ah, no, not really," you say. "Anyway, sorry we're late, something came up."

"That's alright," Madoka says, beaming at you.

Hitomi nods, still looking mildly perplexed.

"Anyway, shall we go?" you ask, motioning down the road towards the hospital.

"Yeah, let's go!" Sayaka says, striding out ahead. The rest of you follow after her. You find your mind returning to the question Mami posed to you earlier. Well, technically, you brought it up, but still. What *do* you want to prepare for dinner?

"Roast lamb," you muse out loud. Roast lamb, well seasoned with garlic and rosemary and your mouth's watering now at the thought.

"Pardon?" Mami asks, glancing at you.

"Nah, was just thinking what we could cook for dinner," you say, drawing a curious look from Hitomi.

Mami blinks. "I don't think we have any lamb, Sabrina," she says.

"Oh. Good point," you say, rubbing at your nose sheepishly. "Do we have any eel?"

"Well, we're cooking for five," Mami says. "Um, six."

"Mmm," you agree. "By the way, Hitomi, would you like to come?"

The vertette glances back at you, shaking her head. "Ah... I can't," Hitomi says. "I'm expected home for dinner."

You're not really sure 'vertette' works. Greenette, vertette.

You nod. "Oh, that's a shame," you say. You open a telepathic channel to everyone but Hitomi. "*Umm... I think we need to tell Hitomi about magic, soon.*"

Hitomi smiles. "I'll try to make it for the picnic, though," she says. "I'll need to persuade my parents."

"*We do?*" Sayaka asks, glancing back at you, before realizing and looking forward again.

"Cool," you say. "Hmmm... unagi? I'm pretty sure we bought some eel." Telepathically, you say, "*I... think so. I'm afraid of Kyuubey approaching her - as she is, she doesn't know anything, and...*"

"We did, Sabrina," Mami offers. "*I... she doesn't have much potential, I think?*"

"*Oh,*" Madoka says. "*That's a... that's a good thing...?*"

"I don't think you can have unagi for a whole meal, Sabrina," Sayaka says. "*I... I don't know.*"

"Why not?" you grin at her. "*Good and bad, I suppose,*" you say telepathically, keeping your attention around the slowly increasing crowds thronging through the streets. "*I... I'd like her to know, though.*"

"Well..." Sayaka waggles her free hand at you. "Nyeh. Madoka, back me up here."

"Sorry, Sayaka," Madoka says, shaking her head. She's unable to hide the faint worry from her face, though. "*I don't like keeping this secret from Hitomi,*" she says. "*It... it was fun at the beginning, when it was... but now\...*"

"I don't like unagi," Homura says, glancing back at you with violet eyes. "*I don't think it's necessary to tell her.*"

"Well. *That's* a good reason," you say, glancing at Sayaka and hooking a thumb at Homura. "Maybe a side dish?" You glance at Mami, whose eyes have dipped a little, and you walk closer to her, bumping your shoulder against hers. She glances up, and you smile encouragingly at her, eliciting a weak answering smile in response.

"*Madoka's got a point,*" Sayaka says. "*And of course *you* don't want to tell her, transfe- ah, sorry, Homura.*"

Homura doesn't reply, walking ahead with her midnight banner of hair swaying out behind her.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Next update will probably bring you to the hospital, by the by.
