# Interloper pt. 24

You exhale slowly, quietly through your nose, closing your eyes for a moment, before reopening them and staring at the back of Hitomi's head, her green locks swaying as she walks ahead. "*I agree with Madoka,*" you say slowly, thoughtfully as you pick your words. "*This... doesn't sit well with me. Moments where she's left out, like at lunch, or even here and now. They're going to keep happening.*"

You look at Madoka, walking beside Homura on your right. The time traveller seems as unperturbed as she always is, giving you an impassive poker face, whereas Madoka's twisting her fingers together in a worried bundle.

Mami, on your left, looks faintly worried.

Hitomi notices the sudden silence. "Is something wrong?" she asks, glancing first at Sayaka, then back at Madoka and you.

"A-ah, no, not really!" Madoka says, essaying a weak smile.

"Not at all, Hitomi," Mami says in support, nodding. "Just thinking. Say, Sabrina, what do you think of donbuuri?"

"Hmm, I was thinking of pasta, actually," you say, smiling at her and brushing your shoulder against hers in silent thanks. She bumps back against you, returning the smile. "Do we have any wine at home?"

"Wine?" Madoka asks in surprise. You watch Hitomi out of the corner of your eye - you're not sure she really believes you, but... she faces forward again, heading towards the hospital.

"For the sauce," Mami explains. "I think we do, Sabrina."

"Righty, that works, then," you agree. "*It's going to keep happening,*" you say again. "\*I don't want it to be difficult to interact normally because we're keeping magic a secret from her. It isn't... \*right."

"*... yeah,*" Sayaka says. "*I think we should tell her.*"

Homura sighs, nothing more than a slow breath huffed out between barely parted lips. Amethyst eyes give the back of Sayaka's head a brief stare, before Homura head tilts infinitesimally towards you, glancing at you.

"Hey, thoughts on pizza for the picnic?" you ask. "Was thinking that it might be nice to make one some day." You glance sidelong at Homura. "*Homura?*"

"*I think we should, too,*" Madoka says. "That sounds like it would be a lot of trouble."

"Yeah, point. Keeping it safe and... not squished and warm would be tricky," you agree, turning to look squarely at Homura. "*Homura? I... really think it'd be for the better.*"

"*Fine,*" the time traveller replies. "*We can tell Hitomi.*"

Relief floods through you, and you let a small smile break on your face. "*Alright then! We need to figure out how best to do this.*"

"*Just tell her?*" Sayaka suggests.

"I've never made pizza before," Mami admits. "*I'm not sure we should just tell her like that?*"

You look at her, surprised. "Oh, then we really *should*, one of these days. It'll be fun!"

"*I... I think Sayaka's right,*" Madoka says.

"It sounds messy," Hitomi says.

"Oh, it probably will be. That's part of the fun," you say, grinning. "*Hmm... where and when, then?*"

"*Soon,*" Sayaka says immediately. "*We should tell her soon.*"

"*Maybe... before the hospital visit? Or after?*" you suggest as the six of you wait at a traffic light - the hospital's just across the street. Or at least, the hospital *grounds* are; it'll take you another few minutes of walking through lush, shady greenery before you reach the hospital proper.

"*I don't know,*" Madoka says. "Ah, the green man!"

"*I... I dunno,*" Sayaka says, equally uncertain. "*Don't think it makes a difference, but... are we going to, you know. Heal Kyousuke?*"

Homura glances sidelong at you again, violet eyes dispassionate, and Mami brushes her shoulder against you. You give her a quick smile of thanks.

Hitomi, walking in front of you, stops and turns to face the four of you squarely. Sayaka stops too, glancing at the green haired friend.

"I... is there something wrong?" Hitomi asks, her eyes searching each of your faces. "I... if it's not my place to pry, then I'm sorry, but..."

Madoka wilts, pink eyes darting to you. The barest flare of her nostrils is the only sign of annoyance that crosses Homura's face, while Sayaka simply looks guilty.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Oops.
