# Interloper pt. 25

"Busted," you mutter under your breath, sighing and glancing around at your friends. "Yeah, sorry about that, Hitomi."

"I-I..." Madoka steps forward and grabs Hitomi's working hand in both of her own. "We're sorry, Hitomi!"

"What's wrong?" the green haired girl asks, looking at Madoka. Her eyes flick to you, then Mami, and Homura. The three new additions to her group of friends. "Is this... about that thing you wanted to tell me, when I was in the hospital? Are you in... trouble of some kind?"

You shake your head, a sharp twitch to the side. "No. Not exactly, but... There is something. Maybe we should go somewhere a bit more private for this?"

"There's a... shelter somewhere here," Sayaka offers, blinking and looking away. She glances around at the dense vegetation lining the path. "It's out of sight from the main road."

Hitomi nods, jade-green eyes resting curiously on you.

"Sounds good," you say. "Lead on?"

Sayaka nods, and starts off down the path. The rest of you fall in behind her, the happy chatter of earlier replaced with a heavy, smothering atmosphere.

"*By the way, Sayaka,*" you murmur into the bluenette's mind. "*About the healing...*"

"*Yeah?*" she asks. "*I... do you think we can do it tomorrow? I was thinking that we could tell Kyousuke and then heal him?*" She turns down a side path with a quick, "Here."

"*I was... well, I'm still thinking how to do the healing,*" you admit. Privately, some part of you *really* wants to cause romcom hijinks with Kyousuke and Homura, but then Homura would happen and nobody would ever find your body, in all likelihood. "*But... If there's time today... I'd like to try and slip it in, if the talk with Hitomi doesn't run too long.*"

"*Really? Oh, well, that's great!*" Sayaka says, delight working into her tone, before she adds, more seriously, "*Uhh... Thank you, Sabrina.*" Out loud, she says, "We're here."

'Here', it turns out, is a small pavilion at the side of the path, surrounded on all sides by the same neatly trimmed bushes and trees that line the main path. It's kept meticulously clean - hospital patients are probably brought here.

You squint at the main path, the people there only visible as small flashes here and there through gaps in the topiary. The masses of Grief you confiscated from Aurora you bring down to hide amongst the plants, drifting planetoids of Grief rustling through the grasses as they lurk unseen.

"Perfect," you say, as Sayaka drops the two school bags she's been carrying on the bench running along the side of the pavilion with a sigh.

"So what's all this.... cloak and dagger stuff about?" Hitomi asks, looking at Madoka and Sayaka, then you.

And no wonder, really. You're the odd one out, aren't you? The foreigner, the one always showing up at odd places, the one messing around in things. The one who brought change and unpheaval to Mami, to Homura, to Kyouko. To the Ishinomaki girls, to the Sendai girls, to the University girls.

Does that make you the interloper you've been worried about all day?

Maybe.

You exhale, holding out your left hand palm up, Soul Gem ring and Grief ring prominent on your fingers. You watch Hitomi closely, a-

"Magic is real," Madoka blurts.

Hitomi blinks. "What?"

"I-it's true!" the pinkette says. Sayaka, standing at her shoulder, nods.

"Hitomi," you say softly, catching her attention. An effort of will has your Soul Gem shimmering into its egg form, crystal wound in filigree.

Hitomi blinks, watching your hand closely. "T-that's... Can you do it again?"

...

You weren't exactly expecting *that* response. "Uh, OK." A twist of will, a bit of focus, turns your Soul Gem back into its ring from, and you display your hand to her. She nods, slowly, and you reform the egg shape again.

"That's..." Hitomi bites her lip, watching the Soul Gem on your hand. "That's an interesting trick."

"T-that's not all," Madoka says. "Sabrina? S-show her?"

You nod, focusing for a moment on your Soul Gem. A nova of light blazes out, and the familiar, comforting weight of your mantled coat settles around your shoulders. A second burst of light - Mami, transforming into her puella magi costume, too.

Hitomi stares, jaw agape.

"Magic is real," you repeat quietly. "This-" you tap the Soul Gem at your chest, "-is my Soul Gem."

The green-haired girl slumps into the bench behind her. Madoka sits beside her, reaching out anxiously to take the greenette's hand, and Sayaka moves to sit on her other side.

"You're magical girls, too?" Hitomi asks quietly, looking at Madoka and Sayaka. "Is this... is..."

"We're not!" Madoka says. "I-it's... it's terrible."

Sayaka nods, cerulean eyes hard and anger curling her mouth into a snarl. Not one directed at you, or Hitomi.

You glance at Homura. The time traveller's lips tighten, but her face otherwise remains impassive as she regards Hitomi.

"Terrible?" Hitomi asks, with an air of someone who *knows* that they won't like the answer, but is asking anyway.

"T-their *souls*," Madoka whispers.

Hitomi's eyes widen as she makes the connection. "*Soul* Gems?"

You nod gravely, stepping close to Mami. "Girls that have potential to become magical girls are approached by Kyubey. Kyubey will offer you a wish, anything you want," you say, eyeing Sayaka. Like healing, for a certain boy. Something *you're* going to do. Possibly in disguise, though that's going to be a hard sell.

You glance at Mami, imagining her with an enormous afro. Possibly one made out of Grief. You'd be able to pull off an Einstein, maybe. You've got the hair colour, anyway. And maybe a musician for Homura... Beethoven. Or maybe you could wear those giant head mask things.

...

The hell *are* you thinking?

Some days, you wonder if you really *do* have brain damage.

You fight off an inappropriately timed smirk with a hand to your mouth. "We make *contracts*," you continue, emphasizing the word. "One Wish, for a price."

Hitomi shakes her head wordlessly.

You hold off on your explanation for a moment. You can feel Mami's warmth, right beside you, and you slip an arm around her, drawing her close in a one armed hug, offering her your silent support and comfort.

"Magical girls," Hitomi says, hollow disbelief in her voice. "You have *magic*. And t-those are your *souls*."

"Yes, they are," you confirm, nodding.

"And you're..." she shakes her head. "Why me? Why Madoka, and Sayaka? Why bring us into this? W-we're not... special."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Hmmm.
