# Interloper pt. 26

You shake your head. "Special, nothing," you glance at your friends. "Madoka and Sayaka kind of got dragged into it by accident. That's how they met Mami," you tighten your arm around her briefly. "And I met *them* due to... circumstances when I arrived here."

"So it's just a coincidence?" Hitomi asks, rubbing wearily at her forehead.

"More or less," you say. Quiet footsteps at your side - Homura, ghosting forward to slide onto the bench beside Madoka, folding her hands on her lap.

You shake your head. "Homura met Mami earlier," you say, motioning towards the time traveller, "and, well... a lot of things have happened since then. But the important thing is that..." You heave a sigh. "You were never really directly affected. We've been... trying to avoid dragging you into the *mess* that is the magical world."

Hitomi nods, green eyes thoughtful. "Just a side character," she says, the words slow and measured. "I suppose I can live with that."

"I-it's not like a show, Hitomi," Madoka says. "It's horrible, and *dangerous* and..." She breaks off, shaking her head. One of her hands, trembling, finds Homura's, and the other still seizing tight around Hitomi's.

You exhale slowly. She guessed better than she knew. "Yeah," you murmur - neither in response to Madoka or Hitomi. Not really. "But it's not *fair* to them," you say. "Not fair to *you*, to constantly have to..." you wave your hand aimlessly, "*tiptoe* around this massive secret. You're their friend, *our* friend, if I may call you that, and that means we don't want to hide things from you."

"I already owe you, Hitomi," Sayaka says softly. "It's... not right to keep this from you."

A flash of annoyance flickers across Homura's face, lightning fast, before it's subsumed under her neutral mask once more. You don't think anyone else noticed, the focus of everyone's attention on Hitomi.

"You don't owe me," Hitomi says absently, eyes still focused on you. She inclines her head slightly to you in acceptance, and you can see her thinking furiously. "Do you... is this like... no. Do you have to... fight?"

"Yes!" Madoka says. "A-and Witches are huge and scary and they eat people!"

Hitomi flinches slightly.

Mami speaks up, her voice gentle. "Yes, we do," she says softly. "It's... it's what we do. We fight Witches, to save people."

You nod. "Hitomi, this isn't a recruitment speech or anything. We're not trying to drag you into being a magical girl. This is just... coming clean about some of the things a friend should know about."

The green haired girl nods again. "And... thank you for that," she says, dipping her head and upper torso to you again in a kind of bow. "Is this... how you've been getting to the school rooftop, Sabrina?"

You blink. Weren't exactly expecting *that* as a first question. "Yes, actually," you say. "I can fly."

Another slow nod. You can see her thinking things through, turning what you've told her over and examining it. "Who's Kyuubey?"

"Ah," you say, hugging Mami close. She doesn't object, instead pressing close to you. "Kyuubey is the... being that gave us our powers."

"So he-"

Madoka shakes her head furiously, ponytails flying. "He looks cute, but he tricked us! Tricked them!"

Sayaka nods, nostrils flaring and lips pressed together in anger.

You feel the weight of Hitomi's eyes on you, awaiting a more coherent explanation. "Kyuubey is this cutesy, white cat-like creature. He gives us our powers for the Wish. He didn't tell us about..." you tap a finger to your Soul Gem again.

Jade green eyes harden. "I see," she says.

"Yeah," you say, guiding Mami to the bench opposite to theirs, and sitting down - you're tired of standing, and Mami probably is, too. The blonde sits without complaint, leaning comfortably against you.

Silence falls, everyone lost in their own thoughts. You regard your friends - Sayaka on Hitomi's left, Madoka on her right. Both of them looking worriedly at their friend. Homura, on Madoka's far side, her amethyst eyes intent on Madoka and watching her carefully.

Mami, nestled comfortably into your side. She gives you a wan smile when you look at her, and straightens resolutely.

"Madoka, Sayaka," Hitomi says. "Is this... what's been bothering you the past few days? The... meaningful looks, the... quiet stretches?"

"Y-yes," Madoka replies. "Sorry, Hitomi."

Hitomi shakes her head. "N-no. I can see why you did," she says, smiling at Madoka and Sayaka in turn. "Thank you for telling me." She looks up at you, Mami, and Homura, green eyes crinkled in a smile. "Thank *you* for telling me," she repeats.

"You deserve to know," you answer simply.

The silence settles back in, the breeze rustling through the trees. Finally, you straighten. "There's one last thing," you say, breaking the hush. "I'm not very good at it, but I can heal with magic. If possible, I'd like to try and heal Hitomi's arm and Kyousuke's hand before we head back home tonight."

Hitomi blinks in surprise, eyebrows rising. "You can-" her arm in a cast moves slightly in the sling.

"Yeah," you say. "All magical girls can, a bit, but some are better, *faster* than others. None of us are healers, so... it's slow going, but much faster than normal healing."

"Yeah!" Sayaka says, seeming to brighten a bit. "It'll be great to see Kyousuke up again."

Hitomi looks torn. "I... I don't know how I'd explain this to my parents. Maybe..." she grimaces. "Maybe you should leave my arm?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

The next vote will probably take you the the hospital and Kwyjibo. Vote appropriately.
