# Interloper pt. 27

"Hmm," you say. You kind of want to bring her into the telepathic loop. "*Hitomi?*" You reach out with your mind, *pushing* the message towards the green haired girl.

The girl's look of indecision remains, her mouth twisting unhappily. She's clearly *tempted* to be rid of the cast, but neither does she want the trouble... And she doesn't seem to have noticed the telepathic ping.

"*Hitomi?*" you try again, to no greater effect.

"Maybe... you could heal my arm slowly?" Hitomi says hesitantly. "If it's not too much trouble?"

*Damn.* Looks like it doesn't work. "Actually, I was thinking just that," you admit. "Maybe a little bit every day at lunch time? It'll be much faster, but still slow enough that nobody would question it?"

Hitomi nods slowly. "That sounds workable," she says. "... Thank you, Sabrina."

"No worries," you say. "I can help, and you're my friend, so I should help."

Hitomi nods, smiling slightly and nudging Sayaka with her elbow. The bluenette rolls her eyes. "Yes, yes, I get it, Hitomi. I still owe you. And... I owe Sabrina, too," she says, looking at you with clear, cerulean blue eyes.

You roll your eyes too, and repeat yourself, voice tart. "I can -*could*- help, and you're my friend, so I should help. And for goodness' sake, Sayaka, your house was on fire. What did you expect me to do? Ignore it?"

Mami straightens off your shoulder, smiling at Sayaka. "Sabrina's right. We're magical girls. It's... our duty to help people."

"Yeah, yeah..." Sayaka says, flapping a hand at you before stubbornly adding, "I still owe you. All of you."

Homura huffs out a quiet sigh.

"Sabrina, you said something about healing Kyousuke, too?" Hitomi asks, looking at you.

"I did," you say, rising to your feet and stretching, vertebra popping as you arch your back. "Shall we get moving, by the way? We can walk and talk?"

Hitomi nods, rising awkwardly. "Sayaka?"

"Yes?" The bluenette glances curiously at her friend as she stands and picks up the two bags.

"Since you think you owe me, and by the same token I owe Sabrina, can I transfer your debt to her?" Hitomi says, face perfectly straight.

Sayaka blinks. "That's not how it works."

"Um... banks buy and sell mortgages," Madoka offers, a small smile on her face as she rises, Homura right behind her.

"That's different," Sayaka says.

"No it's not," Hitomi says.

Sayaka crosses her arms - or tries to, anyway, before the weight of the bags forces her to give up on that idea. "Hmph. Answer's no," she says.

Homura sighs inaudibly.

"Anyway, Hitomi," you say as you detransform, followed by Mami. You pull your mobile phone out and check the time briefly. "Yes, I'd like to heal Kyousuke's arm, as much as possible today, which, uh, looks like it'll be maybe forty five minutes. Mami, Homura, could you help?"

"Of course," Mami says, smiling at you. You return the smile, glancing at Homura.

Violet eyes flicker over you, and she nods silently.

"Thanks," you say, giving her a smile too, and turning to Hitomi and Sayaka. "So... if there's no objections or anything...?" you ask.

Hitomi smiles. "I don't have any," she says, starting down the path to the hospital.

Sayaka shakes her head. "Nah, I think that's fine," she agrees as you all start down the path, following Hitomi. A tug with your will has the masses of Grief trailing along in your wake, lurking low in the vegetation.

"Alright," you say. "One more thing, Sayaka, Hitomi?"

"Yes?" Hitomi slows a step to walk beside you, on the other side from Mami. Sayaka glances over.

"I..." you grimace, taking a moment to phrase your words carefully. Which is an interesting thought, you find. You're pretty good at it, aren't you? Carefully crafted sentences on the spot. And now you're thinking about thinking and you should probably be getting on with what you were thinking about before you started thinking about thinking about thinking.

You shake your head, forcibly trying to eject the thoughts. "Uh. I'm less comfortable with revealing magic to Kyousuke, since, well..." you waggle your hand. "I barely know him. I've barely *met* him at all, so... could you take care of that? Just... tell him magic's real, and we're helping him and all?"

Sayaka brightens. "Yeah, we can do that," she says. "Right, Hitomi?"

Hitomi nods. "Yes," she agrees. "It's the least we can do."

Madoka beams happily at Sayaka, and then you.

You continue walking to the hospital, musing about, well, musing. You're *really* good at working things out on the fly, which is kind of nice. Useful. On the other hand, you're also pretty prone to wandering off on random tangents of thought, like, say, this one.

Eventually, you find yourself at Kyousuke's ward room, the enormous tracts of Grief that you've been dragging around nestling on the roof. Hitomi knocks and waits politely for Kyousuke to call out a soft, "Come in."

"Hello, everyone," the gray haired boy says, blinking at the sudden proliferation of girls in his wardroom.

"Hello, Kyousuke," Hitomi says, smiling gently at him.

"Heya!" Sayaka says cheerfully, walking over to the chair beside his hospital bed, before pausing and offering it to Hitomi. The green haired girl -the verdette? still doesn't really roll off the tongue- frowns, and motions towards Sayaka, who shakes her head.

"Hello, Hitomi, Sayaka," Kyousuke says, smiling at them before looking at the rest of you - Mami, Madoka, Homura, and yourself. "And... hello, Madoka, Mami, Sabrina." He looks inquiringly at Homura.

"Ah, this is Homura," Sayaka says, abandoning the chair with one last insistent gesture at Hitomi, who rolls her eyes at her friend's back. Sayaka walks over to the time traveller. "She's a transfer student."

Homura nods, amethyst eyes hard.

"I'm pleased to meet you," Kyousuke says, quailing into his bed from Homura's icy stare.

"Homura?" Sayaka says.

The time traveller grunts, and stalks off to stand beside Madoka, pointedly ignoring Kyousuke.

"Um," Hitomi says, giving Homura a puzzled look. "How are you, Kyousuke?"

The boy sighs, looking downcast. "I had physiotherapy again," he says. "The doctors are hopeful, but they don't think..." The boy holds his hands up, obviously trying to flex them. His fingers quiver spasmodically, closing into a tight fist. "It would take a miracle."

Hitomi and Sayaka exchange looks. "Well, we've got good news..." Hitomi says.

Kyousuke sighs. "I'm happy for you, whatever it is," he says, staring down at his hand.

Mami shuffles to your side, close enough that you can feel her pressing against you. You give her a warm smile, hugging her tightly against you for a moment. Out of the corner of your eyes, you can see Madoka giving Homura a pleading look. The time traveller folds, relenting and lapsing into a more neutral expression.

"We... *they* can fix your hand, Kyousuke," Sayaka blurts.

"*They* haven't succeeded so far," the boy says bitterly, staring at Sayaka.

"No, not the doctors," Sayaka says. Babbles, really. "Magic. Mami and Sabrina and Homura. Magic is *real*, Kyousuke."

The boy stares at Sayaka. "That isn't funny, Sayaka," he says, his hands curling into fists in his lap. "I- I'll *neve-*"

"Kyousuke," Hitomi says, iron in her tone as she cuts Kyousuke off. "It's true."

"What are you talking about?" Kyousuke asks.

"Magic is *real*," Hitomi says with careful emphasis. "And they're willing to help you."

Taking that as your cue, you transform in a blaze of light that flood the room, followed by Mami. You step forward, watching the stunned boy carefully. "We're magical girls," you state, letting a smirk curl the side of your mouth.

Kyousuke's jaw works soundlessly, and finally, he delivers a flat "*What.*"

You shrug. "Yep," you say, drawing a single marble of Grief from your ever-present sling bag and letting it circle your hand once before rocketing over to hang in front of his face. Hitomi watches there little sphere, eyes bright with interest, while Kyousuke hesitantly pokes it with his finger, waving his hand all around it to check for strings.

"OK..." the boy says, expression looking faintly poleaxed.

"And yes, we can heal you," you say, replacing the marble of Grief in your bag with a small mental effort.

"I, I..." the boy stutters. "You can really fix me? Is there a cost? Or..."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Seemed like a reasonable place to cut off for this update. Holding in abeyance:

Spoiler

\[X]If he's awake, tell him there's just one condition for this. We're healing him largely because Sayaka and Hitomi are his friends, and him being stuck here's bringing them down, so don't just forget about what your friends did for you once you get out of the hospital, okay? Just talk to your friends. That's all we're asking.
