# Interloper pt. 28

"Well, just one thing," you say as you walk over to his bedside, joined by Mami. "We're healing you mostly because of Sayaka and Hitomi. Your friends care about you, you know that?" You hook the chair with your foot and pull it over, nudging Mami into the chair while you stand beside her.

Your upraised hand lights up, glimmering, silver motes of light outlining your hand. "Hold your hand out, by the way," you say. Hesitantly, Kyousuke does as instructed, holding it out to you. His hand's shaking, slate grey eyes wide and full of hope.

Without hesitation, you press your hand to his wrist. Your hand's joined by Mami's a moment later, the golden luminance of her magic mixing with yours. "Anyway, as I was saying," you continue. "Your friends care about you, so, y'know, don't forget them. I know how musicians get about your music, and I know how important your hand is, but don't neglect your friend, got it?" You fix him with a glare.

The boy nods vigorously, fringe flopping over his eyes.

"Keep your hand still," you instruct, and the boy complies with alacrity, sweeping his hair out of his eyes with his other hand. Homura, with an infinitesimal sigh, joins you on the opposite side of the bed. The amethyst glow of her magic mixes with yours, pooling and sinking into the boy's hand.

Hitomi gives you an odd look, but after a moment, she smiles, and nods at you. "Thank you, Sabrina," she says. Madoka glances at you too, beaming happily at you.

"*Hey, what was that about?*" Sayaka asks, her voice sounding inside your head.

"*Eh. I think Kyousuke could bear to be reminded that he's getting this healing because he has two good friends, and he shouldn't ignore them,*" you reply telepathically, giving Hitomi a quick smile and answering nod.

Sayaka's silent for a moment. "*Thanks, Sabrina.*"

"*What're friends for?*" you say.

She snorts softly. "*Yeah, thanks.*"

Hmm. Green hair. You're *still* not sure what the word is. Kelp-haired girl, maybe? That sounds sort of insulting, though. Maybe something in German, or, well. You think in English, don't you? If you want to follow a theme, verdette works, you suppose - and it does come back to that. Which then leaves you with... bleunette and... rosette, maybe? If you're sticking with French? Then again, calling Madoka a rosette just makes her sound like something you stick onto formal wear.

"Hey, Kyousuke," you say. "If you don't mind my asking, how'd this even happen, anyway?"

The boy frowns, delicate grey brows drawing close on his forehead. "Car accident," he says shortly. "Is this really going to work? It feels kinda warm, but..."

"Ah. Sorry," you say hastily. "And yes, it is. It's just slow."

"Ah, I'm going to get a drink," Madoka says, looking around at everyone. "Does anyone want something?"

"Uh, get me a lemonade if they have one?" Sayaka asks.

"Nothing for me," Hitomi says, smiling.

"Eh, just water, or whatever's cheap," you say, your hand remaining steady over Kyousuke's.

"The same for me," Mami agrees, smiling up at you from her chair.

"Nothing for me," Homura says, shaking her head.

"Lemonade, two waters," Madoka mutters, then nods. "OK!" The pinkette turns and heads out the door, closing it gently behind her.

Slow chatter passes the time, Madoka returning with four lemonades and refusing repayment. Through it all, Kyousuke sits, staring hopefully at his hand, sheathed in glowing, restorative light from the three of you, responding when spoken to. You cleanse periodically, the Grief marbles bumping against the ceiling.

You exhale slowly as the time approaches four thirty. If you were roofhopping, you'd leave at ten minutes to five and still make it to meet Nagisa, but... Madoka and Sayaka aren't magical girls. You *could* give them a ride on the Mobile Oppression Fortress, of course. Hmm. You file that thought away for later. Still, you're maybe halfway done with Kyousuke's hand, at best. If you want to complete the healing today...

"Homura?" you murmur, stopping the healing for a moment. Taking her cue from you, Mami leans back in the chair, the golden glow dissipating from her hands. By this time, Sayaka and Madoka found some chairs for everyone from somewhere, and they're sitting, watching.

The time traveller stops, withdrawing her hand and straightening to look at you. "Yes?"

"Can you use your power?" you say, deliberately keeping it vague out of habit. "I'd like to finish this today, if we can."

Homura frowns minutely, her eyebrows drawing together. "No," she says.

"My hand," Kyousuke says, wonderment filling his tone as he flexes his hand slowly.

You blink at Homura. "Eh?"

"No," Homura repeats patiently. "I'm not willing."

"Hey..." Sayaka says softly.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Tsk.
