# Interloper pt. 29

"Oh," you say, shrugging and glancing at Homura. "OK, then."

"I... I have *control* again," Kyousuke marvels, staring in fascination as he flexes his hand - his fingers still seem stiff, unresponsive, but smoother than they were earlier.

Homura steps back, something like the faintest shadow of relief flickering across her face. She retreats to stand next to Madoka, dozing in a chair.

Alerted by Homura's quiet footfalls, the pinkette blinks her eyes open. "Huh? I'm awake!" She looks around muzzily, rubbing at her eyes. "Oh... Are we done?"

"No, but I don't think we'll finish today," you say. "It's getting late, and we need to go meet Nagisa."

"Yeah, but Homura, ah, you could..." Sayaka waggles her fingers in a vaguely mystical gesture, looking at the time traveller eagerly. "Right?"

Homura shakes her head, a minute frown on her brow. "No."

"But Sabrina sai-" Sayaka protests.

"Magic is not a toy, Miki Sayaka." For all that she never raises her voice above her usual dulcet tones, Homura cuts across the bluenette, silencing her.

"Alright, alright," you say, clapping your hands together sharply. "It's probably for the best. Homura's power can be... *stressful*."

A loud giggle interrupts you, drawing the attention of everyone in the room. Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Kyousuke wiggling his fingers one by one and tittering to himself.

... *right*. That's a thing.

You glance instead at Homura, opening up with telepathy. "*Homura? I don't mean to push, but... is everything alright? I'm sorry if I tried to get you to do something you're not comfortable with.*

"But we could finish it *today*," Sayaka says, eyes still bright and eager as she turns from Kyousuke to you.

"*It's fine,*" Homura says, tone clipped.

You shake your head, opening your mouth to speak, but Hitomi beats you to the punch.

"Sayaka," Hitomi says, voice gentle. "I think Sabrina, Homura, and Mami have already done a lot today. Right, Kyousuke?"

The grey haired boy doesn't seem to notice.

Sayaka deflates. "Yeah, I guess you guys have," she admits, looking around at you. "It's just..."

Hitomi smiles, shaking her hair out before rising, fussily smoothing her skirt down with her working hand. "I know," she says. "But they've done a lot already."

"Yeah," Sayaka says, looking around at the three of you, shoulders slumped. "Yeah, thanks, Sabrina, thanks, Mami." She pauses, and sighs. "And... I'm sorry, Homura. And thank you, too."

You incline your head, smiling. "No problem, Sayaka," you say. "Our pleasure," Mami agrees.

Homura exhales slowly, nodding curtly at Sayaka.

"Alright, then," you say. "One last cleanse before we go, everyone?"

Mami nods, smiling at you, and Homura wordlessly presents her Soul Gem ring. You return Mami's smile as a gentle effort of will and a careless wave of your hand pulls Grief billowing free from their Soul Gems, already coalescing into marbles. Mami steps forward, grabbing your left hand and bringing it up. "Your own Soul Gem too, Sabrina," she says, giving you a warm smile.

You chuckle. "I hadn't forgotten," you say, meeting the warm gold of Mami's eyes as a thought cleans your own Soul Gem. You close your hands around Mami's for a moment, squeezing lightly.

"Hey, Kyousuke?" You turn to see Sayaka waving her hand in front of the boy's face. He shakes his head, grinning dopily at the blue haired girl. "Kyousuke, we're going now, OK?"

"Ah. OK," he says. "I can feel my fingers again," he declares.

Hitomi walks over to the bed, a smile on her face. "Kyousuke, you should thank them."

"Ah? Oh," Kyousuke says, eyes refocusing as he looks at you. "Of course. Sabrina, Mami, Homura, I thank you," he says formally, bowing as far as he can in his seated position, dipping his upper body towards you. "I can never repay you for restoring my hand."

You shake your head. "We're not done yet," you warn. "Try and figure out... how well healed your hand is, but *don't go and break it again or something*. We'll be back in... a day or two, I guess, to finish the job."

Kyousuke nods vigorously, his fringe flopping over his eyes again. "OK. I can't thank you enough."

"Eh," you say, releasing Mami's hand so that you can flap a hand at him. "Anyway, we really should be going now."

"OK," he says, returning his gaze to his hand again.

"Bye, Kyousuke," Sayaka says. "See you tomorrow!"

"Ah... I'll be staying here a little longer," Hitomi says. "My father will be coming to pick me up from here later."

"Alright, see you, then!" you say.

After another round of goodbyes, the five of you are soon strolling down to the lobby. Madoka beams up at you, smiling brightly. "You did a good thing today," she says happily. "You too, Homura, Mami!"

You exhale, grinning. "Yeah," you agree. You can't help but fret a little, about how things could go wrong... but then again, you're always worried about that. "And Homura, Mami? Thanks for humouring me on this."

Mami beams at you, too. "Of course, Sabrina."

Homura glances sidelong at you, nodding slowly.

It's a short bus ride back to Mami's apartment, where the five of you await Nagisa's arrival. Eventually, the familiar car pulls up. A white haired form explodes out of the passenger door, tackle-hugging you around the legs with surprising force. "Big sis!" Nagisa squeals.

"Hey, Nagisa!" you say, bending down and hugging the younger girl. "How're you doing?"

"Ah... I'm OK," she says, mood dipping. Over her shoulder, you can see Shin disembarking, and mouthing 'funeral' at you. You nod quickly.

"Good," you say firmly, releasing the hug and ruffling the girl's thick white hair aggressively. She squeals in delighted protest, ducking and running to hide behind Mami's legs, peeking out at you.

"Nice to meet you again, Sabrina," Shin says, walking over to you, giving Homura a curious look. "Take care of Nagisa, OK?"

"Of course," you agree as you reach for Nagisa. You don't try *too* hard to catch her, letting her duck away from you in a little game of peek-a-boo around Mami, who giggles in fond amusement.

The man nods, a smile deepening the crow's feet around his eyes, and he turns to Madoka as Sayaka joins in the impromptu game, chasing Nagisa around Mami. "Ah, Miss Kaname?"

"Oh! Um, call me Madoka, please?" Madoka says, looking up at the businessman. She's forced to tip her head back quite a bit.

"Please convey my congratulations to your mother on her promotion," Shin says gravely. You catch Nagisa in a tight hug, keeping one arm around her while you mess up her hair. She squeals in delight, laughter dancing in her eyes.

"Ah? My mum wasn't promoted?" the pinkette says, looking confused.

The businessman smiles. "Please convey my congratulations to your mother on her promotion," he repeats.

Madoka blinks. "Oh! Really?"

Shin lays a conspiratorial finger to his lips, straightening.

"I, ah, I'll be sure to do that," Madoka says, a smile breaking out on her face.

The businessman nods. "Thank you, Miss Madoka."

"Thank you, Mr. Momoe!" Madoka says.

"In any case, I shall leave you girls to it," Shin says.

You feel a hand on *your* head, messing up your hair, and you look up to find that the hand belongs to Mami, the blonde smiling mischeviously at you. "Hey!" you protest, returning the smile.

"Shall we head up?" Mami asks.

"Yeah, we should," you agree, capturing Nagisa and picking her up in your arms. "Hup! C'mon, Nagisa."

"Big sis I can waaaaaaaalk," she whines. She doesn't actually struggle as she beams at you.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Any particular points to hit over dinner?
