# Interloper pt. 30

You shift Nagisa's weight so that hefting her is a little less awkward, and look around at your friends. Mami beams at you, reaching out to pat Nagisa on the head one more time. In response, the younger girl squirms in laughter, and you tighten your hold to make sure you don't drop her.

Madoka's smile is bright and sunny, and while Sayaka grins at you, her smile's still tinged with an air of preoccupation.

The six of you head up to Mami's apartment, the blonde unlocking the door and waving everyone in with a smile. You're the last in, still carrying Nagisa, and you deposit the younger girl in the couch with a smile. She beams up at you, kicking her legs against the sofa - she's too short to reach the floor.

"So cuuuuuute," Madoka says. "Mami, do you still have any ribbons?"

"Oh!" Nagisa says. She pokes a hand into the pocket of her dress, and emerges with a handful of ribbons. "You gave me these last time!"

Mami smiles as she drops her bag off in its usual place at the shelf. You walk over, placing your bag beside hers, smiling at her. Your bag's cargo of Grief marbles clicks quietly against each other as you drop it there, and in the corner of your mind, you can feel the huge mass of Grief that was Aurora's sitting innocuously on the roof. "You can keep those ribbons," Mami says. "I don't know why I have them, actually," she notes, patting her blonde curls.

"Ooh!" Madoka says, smiling. "Nagisa, what do you think of two ponytails, like mine? It'll make you look more mature!"

Nagisa screws her face up, wrinkling it into a distateful ball. "I don't think it looks mature," she disagrees.

Madoka's face falls almost comically. "Oh," she says, touching a self-conscious hand to her twintails. "Well."

"I think it looks fine," Homura says in her quiet, toneless voice.

"Yeah, you look great, Madoka!" Sayaka says, rounding the sofa to tug on both of Madoka's ponytails, grinning.

"Nagisa is sorry," Nagisa says.

Madoka shakes her head, smiling. "Oh, I can't be upset," she admits. "What shall we do with you?"

"Well, I'll go and prepare dinner," Mami says, smiling around at the lively antics in her living room.

"And I'll help, of course," you offer.

Mami turns her radiant smile on you as the two of you head into the kitchen, and you return it happily. "Pasta, right?" you ask absently.

"I think so," she agrees. "We bought some portobello mushrooms, I believe...?"

"We did," you say, already rummaging through the fridge. "Butter?"

"Ah... I think so," Mami says. You can hear her bustling about, collecting pots and utensils. "Bring out the chicken wings, too? We can make a side dish from them..."

"Mmm," you agree.

Dinner is a relatively simple affair to produce, even cooking for six people. Pasta isn't exactly the most labour intensive food to cook, though the smell of the sauce simmering on the stove has your guests dropping by *oh-so-casually* to... *observe*. Homura shows up more than once, as does Nagisa.

Eventually, all of you are seated at the table, enormous basins of cooked pasta, still gently steaming, sitting on the table alongside fragrant bowls of sauce and a platter of chicken wings. You sit beside Mami, who's beaming around happily at everyone. "Eat up!" she says.

After a chorused 'itadakimasu', you dig in.

Homura focuses on the food with relentless fervour. Not exactly eating *quickly*, but... continuously, in a manner suggesting that she didn't intend to stop any time soon. Nagisa, sitting on your other side with her hair once more decorated with ribbons, practically *inhales* the pasta, sauce splattering.

"Nagisa..." you say, picking up a napkin and catching her attention. Speckled orange and yellow eyes blink curiously up at you, a trailing noodle slurping into her mouth. "Hold still," you say, gently wiping the sauce off.

"Oh," she says, smile dimming. You give her a smile of your own - it's not hard to put the pieces together. Wiping her mouth off would probably have been something her mother did for her, wouldn't it?

You pat her on her gently head when her mouth is clean. "By the way, Nagisa? We're having a picnic sometime, probably Saturday. Would you like to come along?"

Huge eyes blink up at you, a little smile peeking from Nagisa's face. "Oh! I'd like that. Nagisa would have to ask uncle Shin, though..."

You smile. "Of course," you agree.

"Is the picnic confirmed, then?" Sayaka asks, waving her fork at you.

"Maybe? Probably," you say. "Why?"

"Ah, nothing," she says.

Madoka nudges her. "Sayaka?"

The bluenette blushes. "Nothing, I said."

... you think you can guess.

Mami leans forward, nestling her head against a hand propped up against the table. "Oh?" she lilts, smiling.

Sayaka mutters something under her breath.

Madoka leans in. "What?" she asks, a teasing smile on her face. "I didn't hear that."

"IwanttoinviteKyousuke," Sayaka blurts, face reddening more.

"Ah, I see," Mami says, smiling. "I think that should be fine, don't you, Sabrina?"

Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Homura set her fork down, sighing quietly.

You shrug. "Eh... aren't his legs also, you know?" you ask.

"We can get him a wheelchair," Sayaka says, seeming to warm to the idea now that it's out in the open.

"Maybe," you say. "I'm thinking of that big park overlooking the city, though."

"Oh, are we going there?" Madoka asks, sounding delighted. "It's beautiful!"

"Well, that's what I was thinking," you say, shrugging.

"Hmmm... there's a path there, I think?" Sayaka says.

"There is," Madoka agrees. "It should be fine."

You shrug again, smiling and picking up your fork again.

"Big sis, can I have some more cheese?" Nagisa tugs at your sleeve.

"Sure, but not too much," you say, reaching out to help her. "You'll get fat! Which reminds me, any food requests for the picnic?"

"Cheese!" Nagisa says immediately, watching eagerly as you spoon some parmesean onto her plate.

You chuckle. "Well, that's one. Anyone else?"

"Ah... we could bring a roast chicken and make sandwiches with the cheese!" Madoka suggests. "And some ham, and things?"

"Ice cream!" Sayaka says eagerly. "We can put it in a cooler."

You raise an eyebrow. "Thaaaat sounds troublesome."

"Worth it," Sayaka counters. "It's gonna be hot, you know."

"Mmm," you say noncommittally. "How about you, Homura?"

Amethyst eyes glance your way for a moment, and she shrugs, continuing to devour the pasta.

Nagisa giggles. "Homura is greedy."

You ruffle her hair gently. "Nagisa, that's not nice," you say.

The younger girl pouts up at you for a moment before biting into a roasted chicken wing. Mami, sitting on your other side, giggles.

Dinner passes with happy chatter, and eventually, you're all lazing around in various states of contented fulfillment, emptied bowls and piles of bones scattered in front of you.

"Anybody feel like playing video games?" you suggest, lazily tracing your fork through the remains of the sauce in your plate.

"Ooooh," Nagisa moans as she pats her belly. "Nagisa ate too much."

You grin, remembering that *exact* response from a certain *other* adopted little sister, one with green hair.

"Don't overdo it," Mami admonishes with a gentle smile.

"Too late," Nagisa moans.

"Yep, too late," Sayaka says. "Madokaaaaa, why did you let me eat so much."

Madoka giggles.

"Video games? No?" you ask, looking around.

"Later," Sayaka says.

"Heh," you say, rising. "I'll start cleaning up, then."

Mami rises too, smiling. "Ah, I'll help."

Before long, the plates are all piled up in the washbasin, and you find yourself sitting in front of the television together with the others, waiting for the game to boot up. You grin as you watch several very familiar characters battling it out in a collosseum, and then... pan out to the title.

Super Smash Bros Melee.

Mami bustles out from the store room. "I only have two of these," she says apologetically and holding up the controllers. "And... the button's sort of sticky on this one."

"Ah, I'm sure it'll be fine," you say, reaching out to grab one of them and plugging it. "Who wants to go first?"

"Ooh, me," Sayaka says. You toss the controller at her, and she grabs it deftly, while Mami settles in beside you with the other controller and a smile.

Mami picks Fox.

"Ugh, Fox," Sayaka mutters under her breath as she picks Marth for herself.

"I like the Landmaster?" Mami offers.

"The Landmaster's not in Melee," Sayaka notes.

You chuckle. "Who's that you're playing, Sayaka? New character for Smash Melee?"

Mami blinks, and then turns to stare at you. You grin unrepentantly back at her. She chuckles fondly, and slides over on the sofa to bump against you. You giggle quietly, giving her a quick smile and a hug.

The game starts, and Sayaka... waits. Mami's joystick squeaks as she deftly guides Fox forward, dancing around Marth's attacks, before closing in.

"Fox," Sayaka mutters in annoyance, while Mami smiles. "And the button's sticky!"

The evening passes quickly, the controllers trading around, everyone taking their turns. Homura doesn't deign to play, though she watches with mild interest. Nagisa turns out to be surprisingly good with... Kirby, while Madoka seems hopeless at the game.

Eventually, you decide it's time for Nagisa to go as the games wind down - it's about eight, now.

"Nagisa?" you say, setting down your controller. A win to you, this time, Mami setting down the other controller with a smile. "I think it's time for you to go home?"

"Eh? I do-" her protest is interrupted by a yawn. "Don't want to."

"Time to go home," you say firmly.

"Aww," she says.

"C'mon, they'll be next time, right?" you say.

"Promise?" Nagisa asks.

You nod. "Promise."

"OK, then," she says.

You pull out your phone, sending a message to Shin. "By the way, Nagisa?" you ask as you click over the phone. "Do you have a phone?"

"Ah... I don't," she says.

Your phone buzzes with an incoming message. *On my way.* Shin was probably waiting for you. "Ah, OK then," you say.

Sayaka stands, stretching. "Ahhh, thanks for having us over. Dinner was delicious!"

Madoka nods vigorously. "Yes, thank you!"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Madoka thinks the twintails make her look mature.

And thanks to [@Rook](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/276/) for helping with the SSBM part!
