# Interloper pt. 31

"It was nice to have you all over," Mami says with a happy smile as she looks around, setting aside her own controller.

You rise to your feet, stretching with your arms over your head. "Yeah, it was," you agree.

"We had a good time," Sayaka agrees, hopping to her feet. "Maybe not the Melee, though..."

"Mm!" Madoka nods happily.

"I had fun!" Nagisa says cheerfully.

You reach down and ruffle her hair gently. "Good," you say.

Nagisa pouts up at you, but reluctantly gets to her feet.

Homura glances at you and Mami, exhaling slowly. "Thank you," she says in her quiet voice.

Eventually, you're all headed outside, with you locking the door behind you. Mami smiles warmly at you, walking close beside you, while Nagisa reaches up to take your hand as the six of you proceed to the elevator. A thought strikes you just then, and you reach out telepathically to Madoka and Sayaka. "*By the way.*"

"*Mmm?*" Sayaka glances casually at you. Well, not as casually as she *thinks* she is, in any case - you somehow doubt she'll ever learn subtlety.

"*I forgot to mention this earlier - we met a new magical girl earlier today,*" you say. "*She's called Ono Megane, and she lives here, but goes to a different school. Just a heads up, since, y'know, you might see her sometime soon.*"

"*Ah!*" Madoka says. "*What's she like?*"

"*Truth be told, I don't really know - we *just* met her, so...*" you say. You... have some suspicions, you guess, but you're not terribly sure about them. That her Wish was something to do with appearances?

The elevator trundles down, and you head out to the street, the six of you standing in a loose circle on the pavement while waiting for Shin. Well, the *five* of you stand in said loose circle, Nagisa skips around happily. The swell of the crowds, sparser out here in the suburbs, parts around you, with more than a few curious gazes directed at you and your friends.

You find your mind wandering. "Moe," you say abruptly, drawing curious looks from, well, everyone.

"... and I showed you the video of Kyousuke's recitation when he wa- wait, what?" Sayaka trails off mid-sentence, switching her gaze from Madoka to you.

"Sabrina?" Mami looks curiously at you.

"Momoe is moe," you grin, tilting your head at Nagisa, who blinks up at you in confusion.

Sayaka groans, covering her face with her hands. "That's just terrible, Sabrina," she says. "And her *uncle* isn't very moe."

Mami shakes her head, smiling fondly at you.

"I... I'm sorry, Sabrina, I'm with Sayaka on this," Madoka says. "That was *terrible*."

Homura just sighs quietly.

"Hmph," you say, crossing your arms. You bet Kirika would appreciate it.

"Big sis, what's moe?" Nagisa asks, blinking her huge, speckled orange and yellow eyes up at you.

You're saved from answering by the low purring of an engine heralds Shin's car arriving just then, drawing to a halt in front of you. Shin levers himself wearily from the driver's side once the car comes to a stop. Through the window, you can see papers and a still-running laptop strewn around in the passenger side seat.

"Uncle Shin!" Nagisa calls happily, running over to hug the man.

"Hello, everyone," he says politely, bending down to accept Nagisa's enthusiastic tackle-hug. "Nagisa! Did you have a good time?"

"Nagisa did!" the white hair girl enthuses.

"Good," Shin says, straightening up and looking around at all of you, meeting your eyes in turn. "Thank you for helping to take care of my niece."

"It was our pleasure," Mami says.

"It was!" Madoka agrees, smiling.

"Ah, Mister Momoe? One thing?" you ask, looking at the businessman.

"Yes?" he asks.

"Um... I'd like to invite Nagisa to a picnic on Friday or Saturday," you say. "Is that all right?"

The man considers this, producing an organizer from a pocket and thumbing through it. "That might work out for the better, actually. I have a meeting scheduled for Saturday afternoon," he notes. "Nagisa, do you want to go?"

"Yes!" Nagisa squeals happily, spinning in a circle on the spot.

Shin chuckles to himself, tucking the organizer away. "That seems settled, then," he says. "Yes, that would be fine, Sabrina."

"Great," you say, smiling. "Then... see you, Nagisa." You bend down, and open your arms for a hug.

Nagisa hugs you back. "Do I have to go?" she asks.

You lean back, smiling at her. "Yes, Nagisa. But I'll see you again soon, OK?"

"OK," she says. You stand, and pat her on the head again.

"Bye, Nagisa!" Madoka says. Homura, hovering at Madoka's shoulder, just gives a quick nod.

"Bye, Nagisa," Mami echoes with a smile.

Sayaka comes over to ruffle Nagisa's hair, too. "See you, shorty," she says.

"Nagisa is not short!" the girl protests, glaring at Sayaka. Unfortunately, the effect's rather ruined by the white haired girl having to tilt her head all the way back to do so.

Shin chuckles to himself. "Come along, Nagisa," he says, opening the rear door of his car. Nagisa reluctantly seats herself and buckles herself in, waving at you. The businessman nods at you again as he moves back to the driver side of the car. "Goodbye, Sabrina," he says.

"Bye," you say, raising a hand in a wave, echoed by the others.

As the car pulls away, you exhale, and smile at the others. "So... I guess I'll see you all tomorrow?"

"We will!" Madoka agrees, nodding vigorously.

"Yeah, we will," Sayaka says. "Hey, uh, will you be going to heal Kyousuke tomorrow again?" She pauses for a moment, eyes flickering towards Madoka, before looking back at you again. "And, uh... thanks again for that, by the way." The bleunette rubs sheepishly at the back of her head. "I, uh, I've been a bit overbearing about that."

You wave it off. "Not a problem, Sayaka. And uh... I'll get back to you on that tomorrow?"

Sayaka nods. "OK. Then... see you tomorrow!"

"See you!" Madoka says, smiling.

Homura nods. "See you."

"Yeah," you say, smiling. "Tomorrow."

"See you!" Mami says, a gentle smile on her face.

You turn to Mami as they, head off towards the bus stop, Homura glancing at you for a moment before following. "Shall we head back up?" you ask.

She nods. "Let's."

She turns away, back towards the apartment block that has become your home, and you follow, heading back into the relative warmth of the lobby. Hmm. You should go Witch hunting tonight, shouldn't yo-

-u?

Silence, pervasive and muffling, shrouds the colour-bleached world. A tugging sensation on your wrist is Homura busily tying a string on to bring you into the timestop. Task accomplished, she steps back, amethyst eyes meeting yours.

"You wanted to talk?" she asks, tone impassive.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Ohai Homs.
