# Interloper pt. 32

It takes you a moment to remember that, yes, you'd asked to talk to her a couple of hours ago, and a couple more moments for you to collect your thoughts and remember *what* you wanted to talk to her about. Or, well, making things up on the spot. Same difference, really.

"Yeah," you say, exhaling as you glance around at the timestop. You look around - at Mami's frozen back in the timestop, the sliding numbers of the elevator floors halted between two and three, the sullen grey hues of the world, entrapped by Homura's power. "Yeah, I did, Homura."

You gesture over at the benches in the lobby. "We should sit down, though?" you suggest, suiting action to words and moving over, giving Mami's frozen form another look.

Homura nods, ghosting after you and sitting on the bench.

"OK, so..." you start, collecting your thoughts. "The first thing is..." You sigh. "I'm sorry, Homura. For, you know, what happened at the hospital. Sometimes... I don't realize how pushy I'm being." And sometimes, it feels like you push until things break. Until *people* break.

You sigh again, tilting your head back on the bench to look at the fluorescent lamps on the ceiling. Fossilized light. How are you even *seeing*, if the lights are in time stop? A moment later, you continue. "If I'm pushing you too hard or if you feel like I'm taking you or your powers for granted, please let me know."

"It's fine," Homura says, voice clipped.

"OK," you say, tilting your head back down from your contemplation of the ceiling. "But... I know some of the last few talks were rather uncomfortable, Homura. How are you holding up?"

It's Homura's turn to sigh, this time. She glances sidelong at you, amethyst eyes tired. "We're... you're making progress. It's good."

You doubt that's all of it. But... you'll leave it alone for now, you think. You've things to tell her. "Alright, then," you say. "Can I update you on what I did today?"

Homura nods silently.

"OK, so..." you pause for a moment to figure out what you want to tell her. "I scanned Mitakihara Middle School for Familiars, Witches, and magical girls. Didn't turn up anything or anyone apart from, well, us."

The time traveller nods. "Good."

"Alright, so... I've been trying to find the girls listed in your Witch journal," you say. "I..." you stop, thoughtfully tucking a stray strand of hair behind your ear. "I didn't succeed at first, but..." You pull the wirebound notebook out of your everpresent bag, removing the shield of Grief and flipping it open to the Glass Witch, showing it to Homura.

She glances over the page quickly, brow furrowed. "Ono Megane?" she asks.

"Yeah. I think so," you say, absently re-encasing the notebook in Grief and slipping it back into your bag.

"Not very strong, then," Homura says, frowning in consideration.

You frown. "She's alive," you say. "And not a Witch."

Homura looks at you, before nodding slowly. In acquiesence? You're not sure.

In any case... You've more to say. "I checked in on Kyouko and Yuma, too," you inform Homura. "Kyouko's... fine, but she's having a tough time providing Grief Seeds for the both of them, so I lent her the Grief Seed you gave me."

The time traveller tilts her head slightly. "Do you think she'll come to Mitakihara?"

You shake your head. "I don't know. Maybe," you say. "I made her the offer of cleansing."

"Her help for Walpurgisnacht would be useful," Homura notes.

"Mmm," you say, half agreeing. Really, your reasons for wanting her onboard are... somewhat different than Homura's, but well. "I... do hope her pride doesn't get the better of her, though."

"She's pragmatic," Homura says simply.

"Hm." You nod, falling silent for a moment before taking a breath and continuing. "So, yeah. That was morning. After lunch... I took Oriko and Kirika food shopping, since they were low on food." You brace yourself, anticipating objections.

Homura frowns, brow furrowing deeply, but she doesn't say anything.

Not... exactly encouraging.

But you've been meaning to be more honest, more forthright, haven't you? True, that's more to Mami than anyone, but Homura's a friend, too. "And, uh..." you say before your nerve runs out. "I talked to Oriko, and she's agreed to help me with research on, well, clear Grief Seeds and... anything that would help impro-"

"She's dangerous," Homura interrupts you. "You shouldn't be trusting her."

"Yes, but if there's any dangers to using the clear Grief Seeds or anything else, her precog would be my best shot at finding out what they are without actually tripping into it," you say, meeting Homura's eyes. She looks... not angry, per se. Perturbed, worried, and... afraid. Just a touch of it in the set of her jaw and the delicate lines around her eyes.

"She's *dangerous*," Homura repeats. "You... you trust her too much."

"She wants to help save the world, right?" you say. "And we're her best shot."

"She could be lying," Homura says simply.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Momura disapproves!

Holding in abeyance:

Spoiler

  - [x] And then there was the witch, but you already know about that.
- [x] If not, talk about some plans in the future.
  - [x] Talk about Souju. Magical Girl that hunts and collects Soul Gems. Oriko predicted her arrival here in roughly two weeks. You'd like to pre-empt that and recover the soul gems she's collected. If there's any chance to restore those girls, you'd like to try.
  - [x] Roughly once a week, you agreed to cleanse gems and refresh grief seeds for the Sendai Group, the University Group and Ishinomaki. You'll need to make your rounds within the next couple of days or so. Maybe friday but no later than sunday.
  - [x] You'd like to bring Mami in the loop. As much as we can reasonably tell her. About the loops. About Madoka and Sayaka 'dying' if they contract. About yourself...
