# Interloper pt. 33

You sigh again. It's... not an unreasonable thing for Homura to say, to think, especially given Homura's... previous experiences with the seer. You're not even sure you entirely trust her, yourself. But.

You're... not really arguing with a *rational* fear, are you? Not entirely. You look at Homura, her frame tired, even now. Still painfully thin - you could probably circle her wrist comfortably between your index finger and thumb. She... ate a lot, at dinner, and that's *good*, but...

You can read her, a little, and you can guess a little to fill in the blanks. Tension in her shoulders, despite everything, and weariness in her posture. A touch of worry, *fear*, settled in the delicate traceries of lines around her eyes despite her brows drawn into a foreboding frown. She's *stressed*.

"Homura," you begin, voice soft as you meet her eyes squarely. "There's no way I'd let her hurt Madoka again. Hurt *anyone* again. You know that, right?" You shake your head. "I... I admit. I want to trust her and Kirika."

"*But*," you continue, ignoring the flash of emotion, the tightening of Homura's fists in her lap, "I'm *not* going to put Madoka and everyone else in danger to do it, Homura. If I thought she had any plans to do what her... counterpart did, or anything really, she'd probably be a *rock* in my bag right now."

Homura's frown grows.

"I control Grief," you say. A reminder. "If I wanted to..." You make a plucking gesture with your hand.

"If you can find her. If it isn't already her plan," Homura replies, eyes hard.

"Hard to see how being a rock would be part of her plan, Homura," you say. "But... I know what you mean. No, listen." You hold up a hand to forestall her protest. "Oriko's trying to do what she thinks is the right thing. To help others." You meet Homura's eyes steadily, hoping to impress on her how serious you're being. "She feels she needs a purpose in life, and Kirika... she made a wish for the person she cared about most."

Homura's frown turns stormy. "They are *not* like me," she snaps.

"Homura," you say softly. "Other Orikos and other Kirikas have died against Walpurgisnacht. Other Orikos and other Kirikas saved Yuma. She can *help* us, Homura. Like she *already has*." You hold your hand palm out to the time traveller.

Her gaze dips to your outstretched hand, her jaw tight. "How? By attacking- Miki?" Her voice hitches on the name. "By attacking *you*?"

"No," you say. "She's helped me avert problems in Sendai, in Fukushima. If she weren't here, we probably wouldn't have known until the whole mess arrived in Mitakihara."

"And I would have dealt with them," Homura says.

"Maybe, Homura, but don't you think this worked out better," you say. "They're all alive, they're all fine. Maybe we can even bring them in to help with Walpurgisnacht."

Homura looks away, eyes dipping from your hand.

"Lying about clear seeds or Witches doesn't help *her* at all, Homura," you say gently. "And that's all I'm asking her for, for now. For all Oriko's faults...I don't think she wants to see girls Witch out any more than *we* do. She *knows* what it means."

Homura remains unmoving.

"I..." you look at Homura, worried. "I'll try and be more careful going forward, OK? You... yeah, maybe you're right, and Oriko's dangerous and lying. But... I think she's *trying* to help us, Homura."

The time traveller shakes her head slowly, eyes not lifting to meet yours. Her shoulders are hunched in a tight, tense huddle.

Hesitantly, you touch her gently on the shoulder, and she flinches slightly at the touch.

---

- [ ] Proceed
- [ ] Write-in

---

Not as much in hiatus as I thought? Short update, though. Dammit, Homura.

Holding in abeyance:

Spoiler

- [x] Talk about Souju. Magical Girl that hunts and collects Soul Gems. Oriko predicted her arrival here in roughly two weeks. You'd like to pre-empt that and recover the soul gems she's collected. If there's any chance to restore those girls, you'd like to try.
  - [x] Roughly once a week, you agreed to cleanse gems and refresh grief seeds for the Sendai Group, the University Group and Ishinomaki. You'll need to make your rounds within the next couple of days or so. Maybe Friday but no later than Sunday.
  - [x] You'd like to bring Mami in the loop. As much as we can reasonably tell her. You don't want to possibly hurt her any more than you already have, but keeping her out forever'll just lead to more problems.
