# Interloper pt. 35

Even with your arms around Homura, it only takes an effort of will and the crook of a finger to pull the Grief seething in Homura's Soul Gem away. It's not really all that much, you find, but you can feel her relax slightly, a measure of the tension ebbing from her tightly wound shoulders, steel cord slowly unknotting.

You hold her for a long moment, your breathing and hers the only sound in the unnerving, oppressive silence of the timestop. You study the wall behind Homura, greyed out in the grip of her power. Your gaze wanders over the fresh paint, idly inspecting the small bumps and contours of the concrete underlying it.

"Homura?" you ask, voice slow and gentle. "I've never really explained the things I know to you, have I?"

The time traveller exhales slowly. "No," she says. She pulls back from your hug, and you let her, returning your hands to your lap.

"Well," you say, looking at Homura. "Some things... I just *know*. Straight up knowledge. But most things... most *important* things... I know\... snippets, flashes of people's lives. Bits and pieces here and there, in the past, and in other timelines. That's why there's so much I don't know that *you do*, Homura."

Homura watches, amethyst eyes fixed on yours, faded purple against brilliant blue. "Bits and pieces?"

"The bits I do know tend to be... important," you say. "Key moments in people's lives." You smile, a bitter, ragged thing that quirks the side of your mouth up. So much you know, and sometimes, so little you can do. "So... I know who became the Sweets Witch after her mother died. I know what made Mami so fragile."

You tilt your head slightly to the side, still holding Homura's gaze with your own. "I know what wish Oriko made, and why she made it. I know what she holds dear, and what she'll fight for. I even know some things she hasn't realized about herself yet." Even if you're still debating about the specifics of it, you amend internally. "I've got a... good idea of what makes her tick. And under what circumstances she'll be dangerous."

Homura looks away from you, shoulders sagging.

"Homura..." you say gently, reaching out and touching her lightly on the shoulder again. This time, she doesn't flinch away, though you can feel her muscles quiver, tensing for a moment before she forces herself to relax. "Do you remember the question you asked her just before you killed her the first time?"

"No," she says, still not looking at you.

"'Why did you start this battle?'" you quote. "'To protect my world.'" You smile, and pause, letting it sink in. "Right now, we're working towards the same goal, and sh-" You cut yourself off as Homura shakes her head.

"Enough," she says. "I... I can't convince you." She pauses, taking a ragged breath. "And I can't... I can't force you to help me."

"You don't have to, Homura," you say. "I'm with you, Homura. We *are* going to succe-"

The time traveller holds up a hand, cutting you off. "Enough," she says again, voice quiet and even. Measured. "I... you'll fight with me, right?"

"Yeah. Of course," you say, nodding.

"Alright," she says, looking back at you. Her expression's still... strained, at the edges, but you can see she's fighting for control, her worry subsumed under her more customary poker face.

"By the way, Homura," you say, watching Homura. "What's with the 'you'? It's *we*, Homura. I can't do it without you, and we're in this together. In the end, it's up to us to succeed - and we *will*, Homura. We *can* beat Walpurgisnacht and whatever else might come. And we're going to make a world where Madoka doesn't feel like she needs to contract to fix things or to help people."

You give her a little smile. "And the more help *we* can use, the better."

Homura nods again, blowing out a slow, measured breath with her eyes closed. "Is there anything else?" she asks, opening eyes of faded lilac to regard you impassively.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Tsk.
