# Interloper pt. 36

You fall silent for a moment, an icy sensation settling into your gut. Homura's impassive stare remains resting lightly on you, tired amethyst eyes regarding you steadily. You...

You messed up.

You... you upset Homura. Of all people, you upset *Homura*.

And... that...

You swallow thickly, finding that there's a lump in your throat that doesn't seem to want to move.

"I'm doing it again, aren't I?" you say. Whisper, really. "I'm acting like *I* know best and everyone else should just follow my instructions."

Homura's expressionless gaze doesn't shift.

For some reason, you find it very hard to meet her eyes.

"I..." You take a shuddering breath. "I'm sorry, Homura. I... you didn't deserve that. You, I. I'm terrible at reading between the lines. You were... you want me to trust you. And I, I didn't even notice."

The time traveller exhales slowly in a soft sigh, eyes closing for a moment. "I wasn't," she says. "I just want threats to Madoka eliminated."

"I... Homura," you say, voice cracking. "You have... good reasons to distrust Oriko. And I, I'm sorry that I just ignored them. I'm sorry for... I'm sorry *all* that. For not noticing, and for dismissing you." You scrub at your eyes with the heel of your palm.

A minute shake of her head. "It's fine."

Your gaze drops from Homura's.

You stare at your hands, folded in your lap over the dark green skirt you'd bought in that shopping trip in what feels like an age ago. Slender, delicate fingers, held loosely.

"I *do* trust you, Homura," you whisper. "You... I let you think otherwise, and that's *wrong*. I... I trust you so completely and implictly that I take you for granted. I feel like... if you raise the slightest objection, I have to *justify* myself to you."

No response from Homura, but you can hear her breathing, loud in contrast to the pervasive silence of the timestop.

You smile at your lap, a bitter, jagged thing. "I should have realised. That I was hurting you. And. I'm sorry for that, too. I... when you don't say anything, I... I guess I just figure everything must be OK. But I..." you laugh bitterly. "I should *know* better."

So much you *know*. So much you *see*. And yet... so much you *miss*.

The rustle of cloth, Homura shifting on the bench beside you. "Cleanse your Soul Gem," Homura says quietly.

You sigh, reaching across with your free hand and touching a trembling finger to your Soul Gem. As you pull your finger away, a seething torrent of Grief billows into the air, and a faint, ephemeral pressure lifts from your shoulders. You stare at the roiling cloud of despair for a moment, before an effort of will crushes it down into marbles.

"I... thanks," you say. "Thanks, Homura."

The two of you sit quietly for a moment.

How can you make this *right*?

"I'll listen to you. And I... I'll be more careful," you begin slowly. Somehow,it feels like you've made that promise before.

It didn't stick then, either, did it?

"But... I don't want to give up on them." You doubt you have to specify on who 'them' is. "I... I maybe I'm wrong, but... I *do* think we'd... benefit from having them on our side, and I *will* be more cautious."

"Fine," Homura says.

"I won't *let* Oriko hurt Madoka," you say, looking back up at Homura, hoping to see *anything* on her face. "I... I *won't*. But... Homura, what can I do? To... address your worries? I... if she runs, I'll find her. I don't care if I have to search every crevice, every crack in this city to find her."

Her face remains impassive as she answers. "It's fine," Homura says.

A quick dart of your tongue over dry, cracked lips. "I... You're right, I've been trusting Oriko too much," you say. "I... I'd like you to keep me from making a mistake in my trust for her. If you're willing. I could run what she tells me by you? Or..." you shake your head. "You can listen in, when I talk to her by telepathy, and come along when I go to meet her?"

Homura's quiet for a moment, before she finally speaks again. "Telepathy is fine," she says.

"OK," you agree quickly. "I... Homura, is there anything else I can do?"

She sighs, looking away. "No. It's fine."

"I..." you trail off.

'It's fine.' But it's... not, is it. And you're not sure what you can *do*, what you can *say*, right now.

You huff out a slow sigh. You... guess you'll tell her some of what Oriko's told *you*. You said you would. "I, then... the most recent thing is... do you know about the Soujos? Ayase and Luca Soujo?"

Homura shakes her head.

"They're... two magical girls in one body. They hunt and collect Soul Gems," you explain. "That much I... *know*. But Oriko's predicted that they'll be here in about two weeks, and I... I'd rather like to pre-empt that, and recover the Soul Gems she's collected."

Eyes of tired, faded lilac regard you for a long moment. "She's making you stretch yourself thin," Homura observes.

"I... can't deny that," you say. "But I... I'm not sure how that would be her plan, either."

Homura shrugs fractionally.

"Though. Well." You pause, thinking. For a mad moment, you almost blurt out that she might actually be, in some odd timey-wimey way, your mother. Anything to break her icy glare, even if only to replace it for confusion. The moment passes, and instead, you continue on. "I... I agreed to help the Sendai, University and Ishinomaki groups. Help them cleanse their Soul Gems and refresh their Grief Seeds."

Her head tilts slightly, and she nods slowly. "Will they help for Walpurgisnacht?"

You sigh. Can't say you didn't expect that option. "I don't know. I haven't asked them yet."

She nods, a slow bob of her head.

"Then... one last thing," you say. "I... I want to tell Mami. It doesn't sit right with me to have Mami left out. I... can we? As much as we can... reasonably tell her. About the loops. About Madoka and Sayaka... 'dying', if they contract, and about... me."

A flicker of a grimace crosses Homura's face. "No."

You sag. You... can't say you didn't expect that. Here and now. Maybe... another time.

"I... alright, then," you say. "If there's... anything else I can do, please tell me. I... I know you're going to worry no matter what, but... the least I can do is try to alleviate as much of it as I can."

Homura nods quietly, shifting on the bench again. The conversation lapses again, the both of you mired in silence.

Finally, Homura stirs. "Nothing else?" she asks.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

What someone says and what they mean can well be different things.

Next vote probably brings you back to Mumi, so vote accordingly.
