# Interloper pt. 37

You let out another shuddering breath. "No," you say. Nothing else. Nothing else you can think of doing. "Just... give me a moment?"

Homura nods.

You close your eyes, hunching over and pressing the heels of your palms against your eyelids.

And you let yourself breathe, slow breaths pushing out between your hands as you try to collect yourself.

A few moments later, you straighten again. "Alright," you say, pushing yourself to your feet. A light tug on your wrist reminds you of the string tying you back to Homura. The time traveller rises with you, before turning to face you fully, one hand on the string around her own wrist and an expectant look in her eyes.

You sigh. "OK, I'm good," you say. "And Homura, I'm sorry. I truly am."

Homura hesitates for a moment, the harsh lines around her amethyst eyes softening for a moment. "See you tomorrow," she murmurs, and with a twist of her hand, the string fa-

-lls away, and you're left staring at empty space where Homura used to be. The thunder of cars and distant murmur of Mitakihara city, muffled by the lobby doors, fills your ears, and the gentle pastels of the apartment lobby meets your eyes. Riotous noise and colour, after the oppressive blanket of the timestop.

"Sabrina? Are you OK?" You look up to see Mami looking at you as she waits for the lift, an inquisitive, faintly worried look in her eyes.

You take a slow breath. "I... not-" You stumble over your words.

Mami's at your side in an instant, warm arms enfolding you in a hug. "Sabrina?" she asks, peering up at you in worry.

"I... no," you say. "I just talked to Homura, and it... didn't go well."

Incomprehension shutters across Mami's face, quickly replaced by unhappiness, worry filling her golden eyes. "Homura? What happened, Sabrina?"

The lift chooses to arrive at this moment, the doors sliding open with an incongruously cheerful *ding*. "I, no. Can we... Let's go home, first," you mutter.

"Of course," Mami agrees, loosening her hug. She keeps one arm around you, though, hugging you close as the elevator doors slide shut and you ascend back up to Mami's apartment.

You drop into the sofa when you get home, letting yourself sag back into the soft cushions. Mami locks the door with a click, and rushes over to wrap you in a hug again. "Sabrina, what's... what's wrong?"

You sigh again. "I... I'm OK. Just... I messed up," you admit.

"Sabrina, no..." Mami says, voice soft and reassuring as she leans against you, hug tightening.

You pause for a moment, mouth twisting in an unhappy grimace. "Do you think... Oriko and Kirika. Homura doesn't trust them, and..." you swallow. That lump in your throat hasn't moved. "I think she trusts me less now, too..."

"I... no, Sabrina, you... have your reasons," Mami says, her hand shifting to rest atop yours and squeezing lightly.

"I'd like to think I do," you say, staring blankly at the city past the enormous glass windows. Rivers of car headlights pour through the streets below in their neverending streams. "But... I'm so *blind*. I... she was... Homura wanted me to trust her. Trust *her*. And I didn't even see it until... until I'd already upset her."

Another squeeze of your hand. "Sabrina, it's alright," Mami says. "You... you couldn't have known."

"I *should* have," you say. "I *should* have... Homura's one of my friends, and I *want* to help her."

Mami shakes her head, *no*. "Oh, Sabrina..." she says. "You don't have to take everything on yourself."

"I..." you start, before trailing off, and sighing gustily. "I didn't see what she actually wanted, and I tried to... *argue*, like it was about winning a *debate*. I... What *else* have I missed?"

Mami's hug around you tightens, pulling you against her. She doesn't say anything, this time, simply holding you close and letting you draw comfort from her. You wrap your arms around her, hugging her in return.

"Sabrina..." she says, sadness and pride and fondness mixing in her warm voice. There's iron conviction in her tone as she speaks. "You do *so much* for everyone you know. You don't have to blame yourself for not being perfect."

You don't respond, simply sitting in silence. The only sound in the apartment is the ticking of the clock on the wall, and the sounds of breathing, slow and steady.

Mami continues speaking, voice low and soothing. "Homura... maybe she's upset with you. But I think... she'll forgive you. Who wouldn't?"

"Mmm," you say, not quite agreeing, not quite disagreeing. But... she's right, isn't she? You let yourself mull over it as you lapse into silence, Mami simply holding you and allowing you time to recover.

Eventually, you stir, and pull back, keeping one hand on hers. You give Mami a weak, thankful smile. "Thank you, Mami," you say.

She squeezes your hand, smiling warmly at you and shaking her head fractionally. "I... Sabrina, you don't have to thank me," she says. "You've done so *much* for me."

You shake your head in disagreement, but you hold your tongue. Your smile firms as you meet Mami's warm, honey eyes, and you straighten. A crook of your finger has Grief streaming out from your Soul Gem in a billowing torrent that you force down into marbles. Not very many of them. You give Mami a questioning look, and she holds her left hand, bearing her Soul Gem ring, out to you.

You take her hand in your own, and an effort of will pulls Grief out from that, too. Not too much of it, you're glad to see.

"I'm... I'm OK," you say, taking a deep breath, and blowing it out, feeling... lighter, like a load's been lifted off your chest, more than what cleansing yourself of accumulated corruption did. You... you made a mistake. That's still true. But Mami's right, isn't she? It's not irrecoverable.

"Good," Mami says, smiling.

"Alright," you say. "I... I'd apologize for taking up your time, but... no. Mami, what would you like to do tonight? I could help you study, and maybe a Witch hunt later?"

Mami considers this for a moment. "That sounds good," she says. She pauses for a moment, before asking in a cautious tone, "I... do you want to invite Homura for the Witch hunt?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Turnabout.
