# Interloper pt. 38

"I'm... not sure," you admit. "She *did* say she'd see us tomorrow, so, well. Maybe I should just give her her space tonight?" you muse out loud. "Umm. Do *you* think it's a good idea, Mami? I've... already messed up once, tonight."

Mami's hand, still held in yours, turns to grip yours and squeezes lightly. She gives you a warm, reassuring smile. "I think tonight would be too soon. That said," she purses her lips in a moment of thought. "I think you should talk to her tomorrow, maybe? You shouldn't leave it to fester too long."

You nod. "OK," you say, squeezing her hand back. "That sounds like a plan." Probably more of a plan than you have, if you're being honest with yourself. "And, Mami?"

"Mm?" the blonde asks.

"I'm sorry if I made you worry," you say.

Mami shakes her head in disagreement, hair-drills flapping. "Sabrina, no. I... you've done so much for me. It's the least I can do," she says.

You huff out a sigh.

*Certainly* you've done a lot for Mami. Some days, though, you wonder whether it was for the best. The least awful option, perhaps. You can hardly say that her... *fixation* on you is the healthiest thing in the world, though.

"We'll agree to disagree," you say, forcing a smile onto your face. "Anyway. I believe you have studying to get to?"

Mami pouts. "I suppose so," she says, not making any movements to get up from her position, comfortably ensconced in your side.

You push yourself to your feet, and then turn to offer Mami a hand and a smile. She accepts your hand, and lets you pull her to her feet.

"Hmm," Mami says as she pads over to the shelf to collect her schoolbag. "We had math today, so I should revise that, and I suppose... I think there's going to be a makeup test for geography. I should study for that, too." Mami returns to the coffee table in front of the sofa, curling her legs under her and pulling a textbook out.

"Alright," you say. You perch yourself on the sofa so that you can look over her shoulder as she settles down. She tilts her head up to look at you, and you smile down at her, patting her hair. She giggles, and looks back down at her work.

Time passes slowly, Mami studying in quiet contentment as you peer over her shoulder, helping with mistakes and clarifying the more tricky bits. You help to quiz her every now and then, too.

Eventually, Mami pushes the books away and leans back against your legs, stretching luxuriously. "I think I'm done for the night," she says, twisting from side to side. She peers up at you again, smiling. "Thank you for your help, Sabrina!"

"No problem, Mami," you say, smiling and leaning down to give her a hug. "Are you feeling up to the Witch hunt?"

"Yes, I think so," Mami says, nodding against your hug.

"Well then," you say, releasing the hug and hopping lightly to your feet. "Shall we?"

"Let's!" Mami agrees, starting to pack away her books with quick, eager motions.

You grab your sling bag from off the shelf, hearing the marbles clack against each other inside the bag. In your other senses, you can feel the the looming mountain of Grief spheres brooding on the roof of the building.

Mami finishes packing, and joins you by the shelf, replacing her bag. A few minutes later, the two of you putting on your shoes. You debate suggesting taking Mami on a magic carpe- *Grief* carpet ride, but ultimately decide not to.

"I think we'll cover the north western area tonight," Mami calls back as she locks the door.

"Sure, Mami," you agree. The two of you are soon hopping along the rooftops, looping out across Mitakihara on a broad arc, headed north west. You see the tall spire of the DBJ on your right, standing tall in the glittering heart of the city. Dim lights glow up from below, cars flowing in rivers of lights across the roads below as the two of you leap across the yawning chasms.

You're quite glad you don't actually seem to experience vertigo.

"Oh, that's new," Mami says as the two of you touch down on a roof.

You shoot her a quick smile, and a questioning look. "Hmmm? What is?"

"The shopping center," Mami explains, pointing at the building in question as she pushes off the rooftop. "It was still under construction... two weeks ago?"

You leap after Mami, turning to peer at the distant structure, brilliantly lit. "Oh, neat," you say. "Maybe we could come here some time?"

"That sounds great," Mami agrees.

"Mmm," you hum in contentment, the sound lost in the wind rushing past you.

A moment later, you sense a Barrier, glowing on the edge of your senses. "Mami, this way," you call out, veering off to the left.

"Ah?" Mami says, following you.

You touch down on the rooftop of a seemingly newly constructed building. An apartment block, one so new that there's still that protective plastic layer stuck on the windows. You can sense the Witch Barrier, somewhere inside the building.

Mami shoots you a quick smile as the two of you wind your way down the stairwell into the depths of the building. The interior's nearly pitch dark, save for what little light penetrates the plastic coating the windows, but you home unerringly in on the Barrier, and find it on the... you think this might be the seventh floor. Not like you were counting.

Behind you, the masses of Grief from Aurora follow you down the corridor - you'll probably need to bring it into the Barrier with you if you don't want it to disperse, or... whatever it does when large quantities of Grief are freed of your control. Come to that, you probably have enough Grief to make a mech to fight the Witch with.

You and Mami stand in front of the glowing slit in reality. She smiles at you. "Shall we?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Witch tiem.
