# Our Benefactor pt. 3

Lots of things to do, you decide. *Lots* of things. And the first thing would be to make sure that you're not late for your *next* thing. You blink curiously, head tilting at that last mentally conjugated sentence. Your mind is silly, sometimes.

... more than sometimes.

You reach for your phone and tap in two alarms. One for... fifteen minutes before lunch and one just an hour before that. Maybe you'll go see Masami or someone? You're not sure. But really, it wouldn't do to be late to lunch. Heh. Lateness. That truancy officer earlier's probably wondering about you, but hey, you're a foreigner. He *probably* won't do anything.

Then again, dedication to jobs and all that.

You chuckle to yourself and slip your phone away, idly combing your hair with your free hand. You briefly contemplate getting rid of all that Grief, but then you'd have to talk to Kyuubey again. And you don't really want to, so.

You shape a nice, comfortable chair out of Grief for yourself, first of all. Spinny base, nice, tall back and plush Grief-cushions. Arms for you to rest your *own* arms on. You sink back into the chair, longcoat settling around you and the Grief moulding underneath yourself for the most comfortable fit. You cross one leg over the other, smiling in satisfaction.

"*Mami?*" you pulse out telepathically as you relax into the chair. Absently, you reach for your Soul Gem, detaching it from your chest, while your other hand dips inside your pocket and withdraws Hildegarde.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami replies immediately. "*Is something wrong?*"

"*No, not at all,*" you hasten to reply. "*Just... had a thought.*" You hold the two up to the light, letting the slowly rising sun catch on the two. Clear Seed, smoky, silvery Soul Gem.

"*Oh,*" Mami says, sounding significantly relieved. "*What is it?*"

"*Well, I was wondering... would you like to tutor me in magic and advise me on some things I want to try later today? After dinner, maybe?*" you ask. You squint at the two items you're holding up to the light, spinning idly in your chair. What's the difference between the two?

"*Ah! Of course, Sabrina,*" Mami agrees. "*That won't be any trouble at all.*"

"*Thank you, Mami,*" you say warmly. "*Anyway, how's class right now?*" You squint at Hildegarde, inspecting it by sight and magical and Grief senses. To your eyes, it's just a Grief Seed, albeit one that's clear crystal as opposed to the usual midnight black.

To your Grief senses, Hildegarde is... sleeping, dormant. No activity at all. A far cry from a normal Grief Seed, slowly bubbling fonts of Grief ftom which you can still sense the predatory *hunger* of the Witch.

"*Oh! It's English class now,*" Mami says.

"*Ah, you should have no problem, then!*" you say, smiling. You look at your own Soul Gem, smile disappearing. Your own Witch... ugh. You spread your senses, looking at the silvery Gem.

*Dedolere*.

Just *Seeing* the name is like having icy fingers run down your spine, someone walking over your grave. A quiet, slumbering presence lying quiescent within the crackling storm of magic that is your Soul Gem, slowly everting Grief into your Soul Gem.

"*Ah... I wouldn't say my English is good,*" Mami says.

"*I would,*" you say firmly, switching over to English. "*I've heard you speak it, remember?*"

Mami replies in English. "*Ah, thank you, Sabrina,*" she says, and you can practically *hear* the pleased smile in her voice.

"*No need to thank me for telling the truth,*" you continue in English.

"*I... well, thank you anyway,*" Mami says.

You sigh, smiling up at the clear blue sky. "*No problem, Mami,*" you tell her. Didn't the weather report say something about it being cloudy today?

"*Oh, we're having a reading session now,*" Mami says. "*I'll... see you at lunch?*"

"*Yep!*" you agree. "*I even set an alarm for myself!*"

"*Alright,*" Mami says. "*See you soon, Sabrina.*"

"*See you,*" you say, ending the call.

You look back at the Soul Gem held in your hand, and then the Seed, help up by its point in your other hand. *Is* there anything *missing*? You inspect both with your Grief senses *and* your puella magi senses. Nothing really noticeably *missing* on the latter... and nothing really in your Grief senses, either.

Hmmm. That's sort of interesting, you guess, insofar as it implies that nothing... really changes much? Which means there's yet hope, you think? Well. It's never wrong to hope, to paraphrase a certain pinkette.

That *does* mean... perhaps you could try healing the Grief Seed? On the basis that there's something *wrong* with it and you can fix it?

You set the Grief Seed down, the spiky little ball balancing with equinamity on the tip of your kneecap, and reaffix your Soul Gem to your coat. That done, you grab the Grief Seed again, and summon the silvery glow of healing magic to your other hand.

You take a breath, and press your glowing hand to the Grief Seed. The magic... *slides* off, finding no purchase.

Hmmm.

You dismiss the magic from your hand, cupping your chin and staring at the Grief Seed thoughtfully. Not *entirely* unexpected, you guess? There's nothing *to* heal, per se, or rather, no flesh. You're not convinced it can't be done. Just... you're not sure you're going the right way about it, either.

You chuff out a sigh as you tuck Hildegarde away, back into your pocket. Annoying. You kick the floor idly, and spin yourself in your chair a few times, thinking.

Moving on, then. Something that can identify and analyze all the parts of a Soul Gem. You're not entirely sure how that would work, really, but then again, you made a phaser and a blaster some time back, didn't you? And sure, you could wurble on about nadion particle beams and tibanna gas and all that, but it doesn't actually work that way.

You think.

You shake your head, blowing out an irritated breath. You draw a small glob of Grief to you, the sphere smack into your hands. You focus on it, bearing down on it with your will. *Analysis. Analysis of Soul Gems*.

It's-

You *strain*.

*Just-*

You *push*.

-out of reach.

You fall back into your chair, sweat beading on your forehead. Your head *aches*, and your muscles are knotted balls of tension that you force to relax.

You take a shuddering breath, raising a shaky hand to your Soul Gem and pulling a long, ropy streamer of Grief from it that pours away to join the rest of the Grief orbiting you.

*That* was different.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Wheeeee.
