# Our Benefactor pt. 4

You deposit the sphere of Grief on your lap and kick off the floor, letting yourself spin idly on your chair as you massage your temples with your thumbs. 'snot like you can't actually just *make* the chair spin using your Grief control, but where's the fun in that? A few revolutions later, you stop, propping your head comfortably on a fist.

Well.

You scoop up that lump of Grief again, and a moment of focus turns it into a familiar, boxy device seemingly made of grey plastic reeking of *Witch.* You flip it open with a flick of your hand, revealing the various switches and tiny screen of a Star Trek tricorder. The TR-580 VII, if you recall correctly. You squint at said tiny screen.

Man, Mami's phone has a larger display than this, you're pretty sure. Come to that, so does yours, though only by a slim margin.

You chuckle to yourself, pulling out said phone. You point the tricorder at your phone, and... how *do* you work this thing? There was an antenna or something, right? Or... no, that's the medical one, isn't it?

You pout at the tricorder. Then again, what's wrong with pushing random buttons and hoping for the best? You poke at the clearly marked 'PWR' button -they've got the right idea there, in any case-, and the device lights up obligingly. Incomprehensible squares with text shuffle across the screen, and you raise an eyebrow at it.

Summation symbol, 'Data', 'Sense'... You try the button labelled with 'Data'. It's *probably* not going to summon a certain android, but. The screen changes, showing a randomly shifting graph. The axes are labelled with units you don't even recognize, but, well... the graph changes when you point it at your phone. That's something.

You pull Hildegarde's Grief Seed, and point the tricorder at it. The device lets out a high pitched whine before a depressingly obvious 'ERROR' pops up on the screen. You poke the 'Alpha', 'Beta', 'Delta', and 'Gamma' buttons on the side of the tricorder, to no real effect, either. The 'ERROR' remains obdurately there.

You sigh in irritation. You probably wouldn't have been able to read the output if it *had* worked, in any case.

Only good for a certain flavour of technobabble, you figure. It could probably do something about reversing the neutron flow or some such, though. You briefly contemplate the 'Library' button -different scanning libraries, maybe?- before sighing and collapsing the tricorder back into Grief.

You contemplate Hildegarde's Grief Seed for a moment. That's right, there was a test you meant to do, but you forgot to, didn't you? You remember how you awaken puella magi who were knocked out, a *spark* of magic, pulsed through your fingers to shock someone back to wakefulness.

You lay your fingertips agaisnt the clear Seed, and jolt it with magic.

The magic flickers out as you'd expected, fizzling in the air before decohering. It mostly seems to skim off the surface of Hildegarde's Seed, to no real effect on the Seed.

Hmmm. You rock back in the chair, trying another flare of magic as the chair spins slowly about. The magic doesn't really seem to penetrate very far into the Seed, mostly vanishing before it gets very far in. Hildegarde herself, itself, doesn't seem to react to the little sparks of magic, either.

Not very helpful.

You sigh, kicking your legs out.

Ugh, this isn't really working.

Maybe another tack?

You're reluctant to get up from your nice spinny chair, and a spare thought has a few Grief marbles zooming over to you with a small rock. The rock drops into your hand, and you smirk as you slip Hildegarde away again. Convenient.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice sounds inside your head. Oh, has it been that long, then?

"*Hey, Mami!*" you respond cheerfully. Not a bad time to take a break, anyway. You push against the floor again, spinning idly in your chair. "*How are you?*"

"*Ah, I'm alright, I'm having math lesson now,*" Mami says. "*How are *you*?*"

"*I'm good, too. I made a spinny chair!*" you say.

"*... spinny chair?*" Mami asks, sounding amused.

"*Yep,*" you confirm. "*I'm spinning on it now!*" You push off against the floor again, just to make good on that statement.

"*Oh, Sabrina,*" Mami says fondly.

You chuckle to yourself. "*What? It's fun!*"

"*I'm sure it is,*" Mami says. "*I... should focus on my work now. See you at lunch, Sabrina?*"

"*Lunch,*" you confirm, smiling as the telepathic call ends. You look back down at the rock in your hand again - really, more of a chipped off piece of concrete from somewhere.

You start to force magic into the rock, just trying to get the magic to infuse the structure. It seeps in slowly, melding into the structure of the rock. You move slowly, in hopes that that would stop the rock from shattering as *keeps* happening.

The magic... doesn't really seem to take. Undirected and unfocused, it clings to the rock for a moment before dissipating slowly, and you hiss out an annoyed breath. You grunt in irritation and release the magic entirely, letting it slowly melt away in the air.

You try again, frowning as you focus on trying to get the magic to stay *in* the rock. Magic slowly pours from your hand and into the rock, a slow, bubbling storm that permeates the rock slowly. You watch as the magic seems to pour through the rock, with no real attachment to it.

Hrm. Not quite helpful, but a negative result's still a result. Annoying.

You sigh in irritation and lean back in the chair. Dead ends everywhere. It feels kinda like the tricorder - you don't even know enough to even guess at where to start, so you're just hitting buttons at random. In this case, the next button you're going to hit is going back to moulding Grief again, you think.

You call a large-ish blob of Grief to you. Maybe an item that'll let you communicate with Grief Seeds and Soul Gems? Safely, you mean? You focus on the Grief, trying to pour your will into it. Magic, *your* magic, pours into the blob of Grief between your hands, a slow, corsucating storm in your senses.

It feels... sort of like your 'no-properties' enchantment. It just doesn't *take*, the magic swirling within to no avail.

You release your hold, and the magic drains away, dissipating in the air.

Another failure, really. You sigh, leaning back in the chair and staring up at the sky for a long, meditative moment. Oh, *there's* the clouds the weather report mentioned - you can see some brooding, grey clouds drifting in on the horizon. You turn your contemplation your Soul Gem. Grief, dark and frothing like a well shaken bottle of fizzy drink, bubbles within it, and a fraction of a thought draws that Grief out to join the rest, still drifting around you in an enormous planetarium.

But then again, that previous failure... was kind of curious, wasn't it? Rather different from the simple *denial* you got from this experiment.

Odd.

Hm. Maybe something similar, but different? Something that could scan a Soul Seed or Grief Gem -you mean Soul Gem and Grief Seed- and displays the body? It'd be something useful, at any rate, and still involve the analysis.

You pour your attention, your *will*, back upon the Soul Gem. And you *strain*-

\-it's-

\-the same impossible *weight*-

\-the same impossible *distance*-

\-that's just out of *reach*.

You slump back in your chair, sweat now running in a thin rivulet from your brow. You're *sweating*, a sticky, unpleasant sensation, and a headache pounds at your headache, like icepicks to your temples and a jackhammer on your skull.

You groan, cleansing your Soul Gem again. You can *feel* the amount of Grief that built up, without even looking. With your other hand, you clutch at your temples, trying to think. What on earth was up with *that*?

You could *feel* the magic, your *will*, working on the Grief, and then it *failed*, some indefinable *weight* holding it back. And you can only think of these in psychosomatic terms you can't put in words.

The buzz of your phone going off in your pocket startles you out of the reverie, and you quickly regret your reflexive jerk - your headache feels like it *trebles* in intensity.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Well that was odd.
