# Our Benefactor pt. 5

You massage your temples. What on *earth* happened there? How the *hell* do you proceed? Thoughts, spawned of guesses and strung on chains of logic, cascade through your mind. Ideas, ideas, ideas... you think you might have something, or... Nope. You've no idea, really.

You sigh, and straighten in the chair.

You gesture with both hands, sweeping them inwards from your sides, and some of the Grief you've been lugging around all day pours in, dozens of spheres gravitating in to a common center. They smack into each other, moulding into one larger blob, and a moment of concentration and *focus* warps the entire structure into a clear glass cylinder with some vaguely high tech fittings.

With a regretful sigh, you heave yourself off the chair, stepping forward and into the shower. Cautiously, you stick a hand in, thumbing the activation button. The air hazes, glittering like silver dust, and you can *see* the sweat sloughing off your skin. You withdraw your hand, checking it for ill effects.

It seems clear, so you step into the shower, thumbing the activation button, and... you're pretty sure that dial controls the intensity. You turn that right up.

Pulses of sound, shimmering in the air, hammer down at you, a million tiny feathers brushing over your skin. Not *those* feathers. You can feel goosebumps erupt, crawling up and down your skin as a *cloud* of dust puffs off your jacket. Something whirs, and the dust vanishes, presumably sucked away into some unseen sump below.

You hastily dial the strength of the sonic shower down, hopping from side to side as your skin crawls under the sensation. The scintillating pulses subside, and you tilt your head back, feeling the sweat wash off your face under the cooling sensation. You knuckle your eyes for a moment, and stump back out of the shower.

Rolling your shoulders, you hop lightly on your feet. That helped, and your face feels almost... *exfoliated*, even. You poke at your face curiously, stroking your skin.

... yep, that was pretty good for two minutes in the shower.

You take a breath, just... thinking. The tension in your neck and shoulders, unsoothed by the shower, is probably the sheer *irritation* at the results. Why on *Earth* did that not *work*? Can your powers not handle detecting things? Something opposing you?

You snort in irritation. Well, you'll turn you attention to something else for now, something you're pretty sure you have a decent shot of success at. A grand sweep of your right hand melts away the sonic shower, taking with it the stench of *Witch* as clear glass and plastic and various doodads dissolve into the deep purple of raw Grief.

You plunk back down into your spinny chair again, letting the momentum twirl you around before you bring your focus to bear on the hovering monolith of Grief. A Barrier. You *saw* how a Witch Barrier works, and you... you *think* you ca-

Mami's voice intrudes on your thoughts. "*Sabrina?*"

You smile, and release your concentration. Instead, you lean back in your chair, looking up at the cloudy sky. "*Hey, Mami. How are you?*"

"*Ah, I'm doing alright,*" Mami replies. "*How are you, Sabrina?*"

"*A little annoyed,*" you admit. Clouds blowing in from the west, dense and grey, twirling above you as you continue to spin on your chair. "*I've been experimenting with my powers, and I hit a bit of a dead end.*"

"*Oh, I see,*" Mami says. "*That happened when I was teaching myself to make my muskets, too. Did I tell you about that?*"

"*Nope,*" you say, kicking the floor so that you can spin the the chair. "*Sounds like an interesting story, though!*"

"*Maybe we'll have time tonight?*" Mami asks. "*Though...*"

"*Hmm?*" you ask.

"*I'm sorry, I... can't give you exact advice, since our powers are so different, but... the muskets didn't come that easily, to me, either,*" Mami says slowly. "*I had to work quite hard before I succeeded, too. Maybe your current method doesn't work, but you need to try a different way? Or maybe you need to push harder?*"

"*Hmm, maybe,*" you agree. "*Thanks for the advice, Mami!*" Your feet scuff against the floor as you arrest your spinning motion.

"*You're welcome, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*I... I'll see you at lunch?*"

"*Yep,*" you agree. "*See you!*" Ending the call, you bring your attention back to the monolithic lump of Grief in front of you.

You remember. You remember how the Witch Barrier looked. You remember how it *looked*. You bring your will to bear on the Grief.

*My will be done.*

You step forward into the shimmering slit in reality, your senses singing all around you.

Endless void.

And you, the only thing within.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

So I looked up 'sonic shower' for an image reference. In retrospect, I *really* should have expected that.
