# Our Benefactor pt. 7

Your bright smile disguises a whirling, back and forth debate with yourself. "I was experimenting!"

"*So it seems,*" Kyuubey observes, standing and hopping smoothly off the fence. It approaches you, tail lashing in a hypnotic, undulating motion as it stares unblinkingly at your Barrier. "*Is this Barrier yours?*" It approaches the Barrier entrance, sitting on its haunches in front of it.

Well. You're not really sure you want to give it any information at all. Better safe, than sorry, right? So... "Hey, Kyuubey, I meant to ask something," you say. "Been meaning to ask. Can you hook up Hitomi to the telepathy network? She's a friend, and I like talking to my friends that way."

The Incubator turns its head to give you a look, fixing you with its glittering ruby eyes. "*Shizuki Hitomi?*"

"That's her," you agree. You spare a moment's attention for your Barrier. You'd... like to make it smaller, entrance and the space within. It takes a moment of focus and concentration before the entrance abruptly compacts down to something you could *maybe* fit your little finger through. Sadly, the Witch signature doesn't seem to reduce much. If anything, it *increases*.

Kyuubey's head turns back to stare at the Barrier entrance. "*Intriguing. I suspect this is another aspect of your power?*"

A flash of irritation. But then... it's in the nature of the thing, isn't it? "Anyway," you say loudly. "I have Grief for you."

Kyuubey turns fully away from its contemplation of the Barrier, walking towards you. "*I see,*" it says, monotone and syrupy sweet as always. The Incubator circles you once, tail lashing and unblinking red eyes observing you. You turn along with it, matching stares and giving as good as you get.

It breaks off, and retreats to a short distance away from you, facing away to present its back to you. "*Please deposit the Grief in the opening in my back,*" it reminds you.

Without a word, you gesture, and Grief starts flooding in. You'd only used about a third of your Grief to make the Barrier, and you'd like to keep some spare for your wings, so... You'll keep a nice, round, thousand marbles, along with the Grief that went into your Barrier.

You direct the Grief under your control through a complex dance, Grief planetoids shattering into Grief meteorites and Grief comets. You amuse yourself by having each one vector on an indivdual trajectory to slingshot around you and plunge into Kyuubey's back, waving your fingers lightly like a conductor as you direct the interlocking patterns weaving about you like swarming bees.

"*Shizuki Hitomi may now be contacted by telepathy,*" Kyuubey notes. "*May I examine your Barrier from the inside?*"

"You may not," you say, jerking the entrance away from the ground and hopefully out of easy reach with a flex of will. It probably won't really do much, but still.

"*I see,*" the Incubator says, remaining in place as you continue to pour Grief into the hole in its back. Out of curiosity, you check what it feels like in your Grief senses.

It's... faint. Very faint. Distant, nearly imperceptible traces of Grief... and *magic* gather in its body, tiny wisps of both, unlike the full, refulgent glory of a puella magi or Witch. Would explain why you've never really noticed it coming and going, you suppose.

The Grief that you're feeding to it... you still have no idea where it goes. The moment it passes that midnight black portal, it simply *vanishes* from your senses.

As the last of the Grief disappears into Kyuubey's back, you nod to yourself. "Goodbye," you say, wings already billowing out from your shoulders as you dissolve the remaining Grief marbles into raw Grief. The Barrier takes a moment to undo, exploding out into raw Grief you tug into an orbiting constellation as your fully formed wings pump tugging you away and upwards.

"*So that you don't misunderstand,*" Kyuubey calls, remaining seated as you pull away amidst a cloud of dust raised by your wings. "*I don't trick people into making contracts. You humans just fail to ask the right questions.*"

The *hell* it doesn't trick people, you think darkly as your wings thunder, lofting you through the overcast sky.

... though the hell did *that* particular clarification come from? You consider that as you cut across Mitakihara, headed towards the school.

A few minutes later, you shift into a smooth landing on the roof of Mitakihara Middle School. "Caw, caw," you mutter under your breath, grinning as your wings fold and you drop gently onto the roof. You smirk. A much better landing than those you recall making, all those days ago.

It's only been days, hasn't it? Feels much longer.

An effort of will dissolves your wings, accreting into marbles around hundreds of nucleation sites. The marbles cascade into your sling bag, and you detransform, settling onto the bench to wait for the school bell - it'll only be a few minutes.

Sure enough, the bell rings, and the moment it does, Mami pulses a telepathic message to you. "*Sabrina?*"

"*I'm on the roof, Mami,*" you say.

"*Ah, I'm coming!*" Mami says.

A bare minute later, you hear footsteps pelting up the stairs, and Mami emerges, lunchbox in hand and eyes hunting for you. You smile at her as she approaches, and she hesitantly raises her arms. A chuckle, and you step into the hug, pulling her close.

"Hey," you say as she clings to you. "I'm here."

"Mmm," she says, leaning against you. She pulls back a little from you a moment later, tilting her head back so that she can meet your eyes. You smile at her, finding an answering smile on her face. "I'm glad you're here."

"I promised, right?" you say, patting her back.

"You did," Mami says. She steps back from you as more footsteps echo from the stairwell, the soft smile unwavering on her face.

"Hey, everyone," you say as the rest of the group troops out of the stairwell, Madoka and Homura in the lead, Sayaka hovering behind a vaguely irritated looking Hitomi. The bleunette's holding two lunch boxes, as... usual. A few greetings later, you all head over to the benches.

"Hmm... Hitomi, sit here?" you say, indicating at the seat beside you. "I can start healing your arm a bit today?"

"Ah... alright," Hitomi says, settling beside you. Mami, on your other side, gives you an encouraging smile, while Sayaka, Madoka, and Homura, seat themselves on the opposite bench.

"How's your days been?" you ask as you pop your lunchbox open.

"Today was fun!" Sayaka declares brightly. "We had PE today!"

"Softball?" you guess, smirking as you pick up some fried pork with your chopsticks.

"Yea- wait, how did you know?" Sayaka looks at you in confusion.

"I remember the bat," you smirk. "What ever happened to that, by the way?"

"Eh? Oh, that," Sayaka says, and shrugs. "It turned back after a while."

Mami nods in agreement. "That's how it works."

"Homura's *good*, though," Sayaka says, pointing her chopsticks at the time traveller.

"She is!" Madoka agrees. "You were amazing, Homura!"

Homura nods, eating silently.

Which reminds you. "Oh, right!" you say. "Hitomi, I got you hooked up for telepathy."

"Huh?" the greenette... verdette... the green haired girl says, looking up at you, before twitching, eyes going to Sayaka.

The bleunette grins at Hitomi, who blinks back. "Sayaka?"

Sayaka shakes her head, lips pressed together but upturned in a smile.

Hitomi's eyebrows twist in confusion.

You grin, and decide to join in the fun. "*Hi, Hitomi!*" you say telepathically, including Mami to the call. "*How're you doing?*"

The verdette snaps her head around, hair flying, and nails you with a glare.

Mami shakes with suppressed giggles, carefully putting her chopsticks down to steady her lunchbox, while Madoka shakes her head mournfully.

You decide to take pity on her. "*So... telepathy is a thing,*" you tell her. "*You can communicate by... *thinking* at someone.*"

The girl looks at you quizzically. "*Like this?*"

"*Yes, like that,*" you say. The green haired girl turns back to Sayaka, eyebrows arched high. The bleunette's grin fades a moment later, and Hitomi suddenly looks upset with herself.

You quirk an eyebrow at the silent exchange, and the sudden plunge in mood. "Hey, Hitomi," you say out loud. "Give me your hand?"

"Hmm? Oh, um," Hitomi says. She puts her lunchbox to the side, fumbling at her sling with her working hand. Sayaka immediately jumps to her feet, crossing the space between the benches in a moment and helping Hitomi with said sling. Hitomi sighs almost imperceptibly, but allows it.

"Um, thank you again, Sabrina," Hitomi says as she shifts so that she can present you with her arm, still in a cast.

"No problem," you say, shifting on the bench. "Uhm. This is kinda tricky." You *do* need to eat your lunch, and so does Hitomi.

"Umm... Sabrina, maybe we should do this after eating?" Mami suggests.

"... That might work better," you concede, giving up on trying to manuveur into position. If the chairs could be moved as opposed to being *benches*... Alas. "Are you OK with that, Hitomi?"

"Of course," Hitomi says, smiling. "I wouldn't have even this opportunity without your efforts."

"Alright, then," you say. "And before I forget, Sayaka? Mami and I, and maybe Homura need to talk to the new magical girl after school today-" you glance at the time traveller, receiving a disinterested look in return, "-but that shouldn't take too long. We'll should be able to make it for healing Kyousuke afterwards?"

"Ah, OK," Sayaka says, glancing up from the floor to look at you. "Thanks again, Sabrina."

You wave it off. "No problem," you say, starting to eat again, your chopsticks moving with alacrity. Something to do when you're finished eating, after all. "The vegetables are great, Mami," you compliment her. "Perfect and crisp."

"Thank you, Sabrina," she says, smiling at you.

"Ah, yes! Papa made mochi yesterday," Madoka says, producing a small tupperware box.

"Oooh," Sayaka says, eyes lighting up. "I love mochi."

"Sayaka, you just love my papa's cooking," Madoka points out.

"Well..." Sayaka draws the word out.

"You do, Sayaka," Hitomi says, smiling as she, too, eats quickly.

"Oh, fine," Sayaka says, and glances at Madoka. "Your dad's a great cook."

"He is!" Madoka agrees, smiling.

"Oh, speaking of food," you say, snapping your fingers. "Hitomi, did you ask about the picnic?"

Hitomi nods. "I have... my parents say I can go," she says, smiling.

"Brilliant," you say. "Any particular food requests?"

"I, ah..." Hitomi bobs her head from side to side. "I've never been on a picnic before. I wouldn't know?"

"Ah, well," you say, continuing to eat. You quickly finish, and glance at Hitomi. She's just about finished, too, and puts her lunchbox aside, shuffling around to present you with her arm. With an effort of will, you summon the glow of healing magic to your hand, boldly pressing it to her wrist and letting the gentle warmth sink in.

Sayaka watches, eyes bright with interest. Madoka gives you a pleased smile, while Homura just looks on, amethyst eyes dispassionate.

A moment later, you can feel Mami shuffle behind you, reaching across you to to lend her help to the healing process.

"Say, Hitomi," you say slowly, eyeing Hitomi's wavy green hair. "What do you call your hair colour, anyway?"

"Green?" the girl asks, looking at you curiously.

"No, I mean..." you point at Mami with one hand, keeping your hand steady. "In English, Mami is '*blonde*', and people with brown hair are '*brunette*'."

"Um," Hitomi says. "Green-haired?"

"Well, yes, in English it'd be '*green-haired*'," you agree. "But I was thinking it'd be something like '*verdette*'? Borrow the French word for green? I suppose Madoka would be a... '*rosette*'? '*Rosetop*'? Sayaka... '*bleunette*'?"

Hitomi shrugs, looking faintly confused. "Um, I have no idea."

"Nope, no idea," Sayaka says, shrugging and steadying the lunchbox on her lap. "Madoka?"

The pinkette... rosetop... pinkette swallows a mouthful. "I don't know," she says. "But, um, Homura, your English is really good! Do you know?"

"No," Homura says, shaking her head. "I don't."

"I... think you're right, Sabrina," Mami offers. "'Brun-' is French, I think? Maybe we could look up a dictionary later?"

"Ah, probably a good idea," you agree. "Still. It kind of bugs me, really."

"I'm sort of surprised *you* don't know, Sabrina?" Sayaka says.

You shrug, being careful to keep your hand steady, letting the healing magic play over Hitomi's wrist. "I've no idea why I don't," you admit. "Seems like... I dunno. A gap in my memory?"

"Oh," Sayaka says, putting her chopsticks down. "Sorry."

"Nah, it's fine," you say, looking over to give her a reassuring smile. Sayaka grins weakly back at you, while Madoka gives you a faintly worried look.

"Hey, maybe it's a clue?" Sayaka suggests.

"A clue for Sabrina's origins?" Mami asks.

"Yeah!" Sayaka says, seeming to come to grips with the prospect. "I dunno how, but you're just missing this one bit of knowledge, maybe it's a key somehow?"

"Um," Madoka says. "I... think maybe she just forgot?" she says, giving you an apologetic look.

"Eh, it's not a big deal," you say. "Just something that's been bothering me. Though on the subject of hair, something else I've been considering, imagine if we swapped hair colours and styles?" You grin around.

"Dibs on transfer student's hair!" Sayaka grins. "Uh, Homura, I mean. Sorry."

Homura glances over, amethyst eyes resting on Sayaka for a moment before flicking away.

Madoka deflates, pouting. "I wanted her hair. It's really pretty, Homura," she says, beaming at the black haired girl. A moment later, she adds, "Can I have Mami's drills, then?"

The time traveller parts her lips, one eyebrow quirked slightly, as if she's about to say something, before she clearly decides not to.

Hitomi chuckles. "I'll take your hair, Sayaka," she says. "Or... I don't think blue hair would suit me. Maybe Sabrina's?"

"I've thought about straightening my hair before," Mami admits. "That would be quite troublesome, though."

"No, not the hair drills!" you say in feigned terror.

"Mami, no!" Sayaka says, tone equally horrified.

Mami giggles. "Well, if you like them so much..."

"Nah, I'm just kidding," you say. "By the way, uh, I think it's almost time, and we should stop the healing here? Can't heal too much, right?"

"Mmm," Mami agrees, retracting her hand, as do you.

Sayaka looks on, an interested expression on her face. "How does it feel, Hitomi?" she ask.

Hitomi stretches her hand out, flexing her hand as far as she can within the cast. "It feels a lot better," the verdette says, smiling. "Thank you, Sabrina, Mami."

"Ah, no problem," you say.

"Yes, it was our pleasure, Hitomi," Mami says.

"Say... do you think that there's a day when we can heal it all the way in one shot?" you ask.

Hitomi frowns. "I don't think so. The doctors would notice," she says, considering it.

"Yeah," You grimace, leaning back with a sigh. "I was afraid of that."

Mami shakes her head. "It would attract too much attention, Sabrina," she says.

You sigh again. "Dammit."

Hitomi smiles. "You're already doing a lot," she says, now flexing her fingers one by one. "But um... you're right, we should be going now," she says.

Sayaka perks up, and hops to her feet, walking over and collecting Hitomi's lunch box. The green haired girl rolls her eyes at her friend as she carefully slides her arm back into the sling.

"*By the way,*" you send out by telepathy to Mami and Homura as you say your goodbyes. "*Um... remember when I asked for a closer look at a Witch barrier? I wanted to see how it worked, and well, I kiiiiinda made my own. No Witch, just a Barrier.*"

"*What?*"

"*What?*"

Mami's and Homura's reactions are identical, nearly in stereo as both snap around to stare at you, drawing concerned looks.

"*Uh, yeah,*" you say sheepishly. "*I... thought it might be useful? For storing Grief? I can show you later.*" Out loud, you say, "Um... just a bit of odd news I got earlier."

Madoka and Sayaka nod, while Hitomi just raises an eyebrow.

"*I... see,*" Homura says.

"*Umm... alright, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*Is it safe?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*As far as I can tell, anyway.*"

"*Alright, then,*" Mami says, staying behind as the others turn to head down the staircase.

You pull Mami into a hug. "I'll see you after school, OK?"

"Alright," Mami agrees, giving you a little smile. "I... I'm sorry I'm so..."

You shake your head. "No, don't apologize, Mami."

"Sorr-" Mami catches herself, smiling and shaking her head.

You chuckle, and squeeze her lightly, before letting her go. "Anyway. See you."

"See you," Mami agrees, stepping back. You smile encouragingly at her, and she turns to go.

As she disappears into the stairwell, you open up one last telepathic call to Homura. "*Homura?*"

"*What is it?*" she replies, voice curt.

"*Are we still going for the, ah, shopping trip later?*" you ask.

There's a long pause before Homura replies. "*Yes, we are.*"

"*Alright,*" you say. "*Come find me then?*"

"*Yes,*" she agrees, a distinct note of finality in her tone as the connection ends.

You huff out a sigh. Well. That's... a good sign, you think. What now?

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Curiously, the English language doesn't have a word for people with black hair, either. I propose we mug another language for one.

And yes, I *am* intentionally playing around with Sabrina's internal language. It's funny!
