# Our Benefactor pt. 9

"Hey, guys!" you call cheerfully, raising your hand in a wave and starting towards them.

Hiroko waves back, a small smile on her face. She's dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans, while Masami's dressed in a pale blue, figure-hugging dress that... honestly doesn't suit her, if you're being honest. The redhead gives you a measured nod, a touch of wariness in her eyes as they walk over, meeting you halfway.

"Hey," you say again as you approach.

"Hello," Masami says.

"Hey," Hiroko says.

"Soooo... How's life been treating you two?" you ask, half turning and waving questioningly at the ice cream parlour. Hiroko nods, tugging lightly on Masami's hand, and the three of your start walking towards the little shop.

"Can't complain," Masami says.

"We're doing *well*, Sabrina," Hiroko says, giving Masami a smile as they walk beside you.

Masami's posture softens, smiling almost against her will. "Yeah, fine. We're doing well," she agrees.

"Good to hear," you say, smiling.

"Stop that," Masami says.

"Stop what?" you ask.

"Stop grinning like that," the redhead says peevishly. Hiroko reaches around to pat Masami's hand with her own in sympathy.

"Ah," you say, covering your smirk.

Masami's eyes say that she's not in the slightest convinced, slender brows drawn low in an unamused look.

You snicker as you enter the ice cream parlour proper. "So, what flavours will you be getting?"

Masami gives you one last glare before rolling her eyes.

"Mint," Hiroko answers, a smile on her lips.

You chuckle. "I think I'm going to see if they have any blueberry," you note.

Masami tugs at her lip with her free hand. "Hm..." she temporizes, staring at the wall mounted menu with a look of indecision. Liquid brown eyes flick over the flavours on offer. "Hiroko, you order first?"

The black haired girl shakes her head in fond amusement.

A few minutes later, you have your ice cream - they didn't have blueberry, so you got pistachio instead, and Hiroko bought mint. Masami...

You raise an eyebrow at Hiroko. She raises one back, before marching over to her still vacillating girlfriend and firmly nudging her over to the counter. You shake your head and walk over to a chair to sit down instead. The marbles and Grief-wrapped notebook within your bag click faintly as you settle it at your side, and you can feel the main bulk of your Grief, lurking in basketball-sized spheres resting on the rooftop of the building.

Masami and Hiroko finally join you, each bearing little bowls of ice cream to match your own. The three of you at the table get a few suspicious looks - school aged girls *out* of school, but you set those aside for now. Not like you can do much about it. Instead, you peer at Masami's bowl - vanilla, you think?

"I couldn't decide!" she says defensively.

You chuckle, saying nothing as you spoon up some ice cream of your own.

"What's hunting like out here?" you ask curiously, glancing around at them.

"Uhm. Not bad," Hiroko says. "We've been taking it easy, these few days."

"Good to hear," you smile. "If you need help, don't hesitate to call me, OK?"

Masami nods, her mouth full of ice cream.

You eye the woman manning the counter, who's not so subtly watching the three of you. "Say, I'm curious. How do you deal with truancy officers?" you ask Masami.

Masami pauses, ice cream half way to her mouth, to give you a look. "... Really?" At the same time, Hiroko raises her spoon, and it shimmers into a fork for a moment before the illusion disappears.

"... Ah," you concede. "That makes a lot of sense."

"Doesn't it just?" Masami smirks. Hiroko swats her lightly, and the redhead laughs.

"Yeah, yeah, laugh it up," you mutter.

"*Some* of us have to do what we can with non-bullshit powers," Hiroko informs you gravely, face perfectly straight as she spoons up some of her ice cream.

You snort, flapping your free hand at her in silent concession.

"But we're doing well, Sabrina," Hiroko says, a smile appearing on her face. "And we're grateful."

Masami sighs. "Yeah. I..." she rubs at her nose. "We talked about it. I... wouldn't have gotten healed if you weren't there. Would I."

It's not a question.

If it were... well, you could answer it.

You jerk your head to the side a fraction in a non-answer.

"We're grateful," she says, sighing again.

You shake your head. "And you're very, very welcome," you say. "I'm glad to help."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Civil conversation, huzzah!
