# Our Benefactor pt. 10

You smile, digging in to the ice cream. "So what now, if you don't mind my asking? I guess you'll be taking the year off?"

Hiroko shrugs, as does Masami. The black haired girl answers a moment later. "I guess so," she says. "We *are* going back to school, I suppose, but we haven't thought much about it."

"Ah," you say, eyeing the woman at the counter. She doesn't really seem to be trying to listen in, per se, she's just watching the three of you with distinct suspicion in her eyes.

"It seems kinda small," Masami admits, rubbing at her nose. "After everything."

"Yeah, I guess I know what you mean," you say. "Still. Anything in particular you'll be going for?"

"Animation, I guess," Hiroko says. "It's what I wanted to do, you know, before."

"Heh," you say. Should have guessed something of the sort.

"I dunno, myself," Masami says. "I *was* kinda interested in doing medicine, but after what happened..." She trails off, rubbing at her nose again. A moment later, she glances up again. "What about you?"

"I don't go to school, either," you admit, surreptiously glancing at the woman behind the counter. She's serving someone at the moment, so... That seems in order.

"Well, that explains your question, then," Masami chuckles.

You shrug. "Guilty," you say. "So... Animation, Hiroko?"

The black haired girl nods. "Mm," she agrees. "I love anime."

"Don't say magical girl anime," you say, smirking.

"*She* made me watch Higurashi," Masami says, rolling her eyes.

"But the animation was terrible," you point out.

"Oh, yes," Masami says. "Wasn't it, Hiroko?"

Then illusionist pouts and swats at Masami again, which she just laughs at.

"Is that an axe or are you just happy to see me?" you grin.

"Bill hook." Hiroko raises a finger.

"Bill hook," you agree. "Mind, speaking of axes... There's a new girl around. She shouldn't be coming this far west, but she's... ah, nuts. Well, we haven't told her about hunting territories, so she might?" You shake your head. "Anyway, point is, new girl. Light blue costume, black hair, her name's Ono Megane."

It takes a moment for it to click. "Axe... oh, haha," Masami says flatly. "Don't tell me her weapon is *actually* an axe?"

You shrug. "Could be, haven't seen her fight yet. We literally just ran over her yesterday. Uh, into. We ran *into* her yesterday."

"Mmmkay," Masami says. Her tone makes it clear that she doesn't *quite* take your words at face value.

"Uh, yeah," you say with some embarrassment. You gulp down a spoonful of ice cream to hide it. "Look, what I'm trying to say is that if you run into her, cut her some slack?"

Masami shrugs, looking at Hiroko. They both turn back to you a moment later. "It shouldn't be a problem," Hiroko says. "She shouldn't come out here anyway, right?"

"Yeah," you agree. "She's in school right now -Yokosuka- and we'll be meeting her after school. Though on the same note-" you raise a finger, "-if you see any new girls around, send them my way?"

"Can do," Masami says. She glances at Hiroko, the two exchanging wordless communication on a level that might not be *just* telepathy. Hiroko turns back to you. "Um, Sabrina?"

"Mm?" You quirk an eyebrow at her.

"What *happened* in Inshinomaki and Sendai?" she asks slowly.

Well. You'd sort of expected that question. You look around the ice cream parlour, stalling for time to decide what to say. "Myself-" you pause, making a snap decision, "-Mami, and another magical girl I know went over to Ishinomaki, then Sendai. Um. It was kind of a clusterfuck, to put it mildly."

"What happened to Miss Mori and Miss Hamasaki?" Masami asks, leaning forward, brown eyes intent.

"Rin's fine," you say. "Good, even. Akiko, uh." You tuck your hair behind your ear, a faintly uneasy sensation sticking with you. "She and her group were extorting another group in the city - have you heard of the University group?" Masami nods, whereas Hiroko looks blank.

"Akiko was extorting them for Grief Seeds. Three a week," you say. "The University group's been suffering for a while, and they tried to take out Akiko's group. I uh, helped, because I don't think much of extortion."

Masami pinches the bridge of her nose. "What the hell."

You shrug. "It happened," you say. "Akiko went completely berserk, after we took her down. Um. She's kind of catatonic now." And... you can't help but feel a guilty spark of relief at that. That you didn't have to figure out how to deal with her yourself.

"Che," Masami grunts, mouth twisting in distaste.

"Mm," you agree, eyeing the redhead and her girlfriend.

In the end, Masami sighs. "Whatever, it's done with. Miss Mori's fine?"

"Yeah, she is," you confirm.

"Hmm," Masami says, clearly thinking it over.

Hiroko glances at the redhead, then you. "Why did you do it?" There's a tone of curiosity in her voice, but no judgement.

You sigh. "Akiko was..." You shake your head. "I don't know. I want to say she's mad, but I'm not sure that's fair to her. We talked, I managed to make everyone sit down and talk. But she kept pushing and pushing, and I'm not sure the University group would have... *survived* much longer. I wanted to make things *better*. I think I did, but well. Time will tell."

Hiroko nods, green eyes intent. "Alright."

You sigh, spooning up the melting remnants of your ice cream.

Masami chuffs out a sigh. "If that's the case... I guess there's not much to be said on it, huh."

You shrug.

A few moments of silence later, Hiroko stirs. "Um, Sabrina? Do you mind if we head off?"

"Yeah, sure," you say, looking up. "I can cleanse you girls and refresh your Grief Seeds, if you like?"

Hiroko nods, a small smile gracing her face. "We'd appreciate that."

The three of you retreat from the ice cream parlour, the proprietress sending a parting glare after you, and you head up to the roof, where the brooding mass of your Grief is still lurking. Masami balks at the sight of the collection of basketball sized spheres, drifting slowly through the air, obviously making the connection. "You've been busy," she says, glancing at you as Hiroko joins her.

"Uh. Experiments," you answer.

"Huh," Masami says. "Well, as long as you don't plan on blowing up the city or something..." She materializes her Soul Gem in its egg form on her hand. A moment later, so does Hiroko, fumbling a half used Grief Seed out of her pocket.

A small gesture has clouds of Grief wisping around you to flow around you in a small whirlpool. Another thought crushes it down into marbles to join the rest in the drifting collection as Masami and Hiroko watch, eyes following the motion.

"Thanks," Masami says, inspecting her Soul Gem with a critical eye.

Hiroko gives you a shallow bow. "We do appreciate everything you've done, Sabrina," she says.

You wave it off. "Eh, it's nothing much," you say. "But you're welcome." You briefly debate bring up Walpurgisnacht, since it's kind of weighing on your mind, but in the end... long game, right? "Is there anything else?"

Masami and Hiroko exchange glances. "No, not really," Masami says. "It was nice talking to you." From her tone, she's not not entirely sure herself.

Hiroko nods. "It was," she says. "See you sometime again?"

"Yeah," you agree. "See you."

"Mm. Try not to depose any more magical girls or something in the meantime," Masami says, half seriously.

"No promises," you shrug, smirking.

Masami shakes her head. "Whatever. See you," she says, turning to go.

You watch as they hop off over the roofs, headed back home, and you take a breath. A quick check of the time on your phone says that you've maybe forty five minutes to go, more than enough time to hunt a Witch, you reckon. The Grief is already answering your mental call, tenebrous wings rippling out from your shoulders as the Grief marbles dissolve.

You take wing, heavy wingbeats lifting you into the sky, and you soar back towards the Central Mitakihara. Time to hunt a Witch, then.

You comb across the city, swooping over the brilliant glow of the city, afternoon sunlight cast back by the polished steel and glass of the skyscrapers. A familiar sight, by now, and you drink it all in as you circle about.

Eventually, you find a Witch Barrier, another one lurking on a skyscraper roof. A nasty thought strikes you, and you circle the building warily, looking at the streets below for any... unfortunate accidents, but you don't find anything.

You stand in front of the entrance to the Barrier, inspecting the faintly glowing slice in reality.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

My last exam is on the 6th of May, by the by.
