# Our Benefactor pt. 11

Tick, tock.

You produce your phone from your pocket and thumb through the menus, setting the alarm. An absent minded effort of will has Grief marbles melting away into blades, ready for combat. Heh. You've gotten more use out of the alarm function of your phone than you have the actual calling, haven't you?

Still, not being late for Mami's a decent enough cause.

You look back up at the faintly glowing Barrier, your own Grief surrounding you in a dense swarm, hundreds, thousands of blades drifting around you in a deadly, ever shifting cocoon.

You take a bold step forward, marching into the Barr-

-*ier*. You choke back the sudden nausea in the back of your throat, swallowing hard, and force yourself to look around.

Your feet clack hollowly on lacquered wood. Cracked, lacquered wood creaks underfoot, once-fine mahogany now dry and splintering. Faint orange light glows from above, illuminating a towering forest of smooth, flowing shapes of some scuffed, black material. They look... almost like faucets, faucets sprouting like gargantuan trees. Shadows gather all around you, overlapping in dense, spidery clusters.

Distant murmurs reach your ears, something sounding almost like angry shouting muffled by distance, and the heavy, cloying scent of...

Your nostrils flare. It smells *fruity* in here. Sickeningly sweet, with... a barely there undertone of alcohol.

Hm.

You look around, seeing nothing really stirring. What *might* be motion skitters in the flickering shadows at the corners of your eyes, but when you turn to look at it, it's gone. Your eyes narrow at the sight, but with the cocoon of blades flowing around you in restless motion, you should be fine. Fine enough to try out something quickly, anyway.

You hold up a hand, and a small blade of Grief drops into your outstretched palm. You focus on it, bearing down with your will. Something to detect humans. The Grief quivers and *shifts*, razor edges losing cohesion and melting into a small, pan-shaped thing with a handle and an antenna sticking out of the top.

*Witch.*

The distant susurration of noise intensifies, indistinct words angry and loud.

You raise an eyebrow at the device, thumbing what's obviously the activation button. It beeps, the screen lighting up to show green rings on a black background and a single line sweeping it in a circle. You roll your eyes at the ostensible radar, but... you made it, and you're pretty sure it works, so... You wait for the circle to sweep a few times, checking that there's no one arou-

*Something moving.*

A *lot* of somethings.

Your head snaps up.

Not on the radar. Your Grief senses.

Familiars.

You release the people-detector. It's gone before it hits the ground, another razor shard to join the deadly cocoon of blades swirling around you. A silvery warhammer flashes into existence to replace it.

The first Familiar whirrs into view, skating through the forest of shapes. A spindly shaft, gleaming in the dim light of the Barrier supports a large, matte green disc. It's taller than you by far - a gigantic stool come to malevolent life.

The Familiar zips forward, tapered end of its shaft skittering over the wooden floor.

A jerk of your hand. Grief blades hammer into it, *through* it, with enormously loud clangs of metal. Behind you - more blades on intercept. Step to the side, let the shattered pieces whicker past.

You grunt. Dammit. You'd wanted to do stuff.

Trash first.

Or... No reason you can't do both. Blades sweep around you in a guarding swarm, each one flicking through sharp, curving motions to slice through Familiars. One piece vectors away from the swarm to hover in front of you.

You pivot on the spot, letting pieces of Familiar bounce past you again. You frown - you should probably expand your perimeter a bit, if that keeps happening. A moment of thought as you reach out to pluck that shard of Grief from the air, and your seething throng of blades boil outwards, smashing through the crowding Familiars.

Concentrate, rather, on the bit of Grief as a fraction of your attention sends blades singing through their targets. Melee skill. You're... to be honest, you're not *bad* at it. You're just not a specialist.

There isn't really any reason you can't *cheat*, though. Or there *shouldn't* be.

You *will* the Grief in your hand into... something to guide you. Something to help you fight better in melee. You *push* for a moment.

More Grief.

Some of your swarm diverts to you, and the Grief melts. Streamers reach for you, questing tendrils that you meet with one outstretched hand. They wrap around you, a harness -a *brace*- under your coat, singing *Witch, Witch, Witch*. You feel... *direction* flow into your limbs, memory of fights won written into your nerves.

Blades sweep around you, exploding outwards in a deadly starburst before sweeping up into the sky, out of sight but not out of mind. You dart forward into the flickering shadows of the Witch Barrier, sprinting hard. Your hammer sings in your hand, light and devastating.

You push off, coat trailing behind you as you leap. A Familiar, cushion-head dead level with your eyes. The spike of your hammer pounds into the felt cushion. You swing around the dying Familiar, and you land feet first against the side of one of the towering faucets.

Behind you, the Familiar tumbles.

You're already soaring into the air again.

Both feet smash against the top of another Familiar, and you ride it to the ground as it topples. A crowd of Familiars bearing down on you, tapered shafts skittering over the lacquered wood. You whirl, hammer flicking out in a silvery arc, and a Familiar folds in half with a resounding clang. You loose the hammer, its ballistic arc terminating in another Familiar.

Another warhammer already in your hand. A sidestep to the left, floating on your feet as a Familiar slams down from above, a skull smashing move if it had landed.

A backhand of your hammer claims that Familiar, and you sidestep again. You reach out and *hook* with the head of your hammer, and you whip the corpse through an overhead arc to smash into another Familiar behind you. You spin, free hand jabbing palm out to knock a Familiar back before your hammer throws it airborne.

A scything whip of blades forms and follows a flick of your left hand. The blades shear effortlessly through Familiars, cutting them down in droves as you storm relentlessly forward, whip in your left and hammer flashing in your right. Some of the shadowy faucets of the forest are shattered in passing, tepid liquid washing around your shoes.

The cloying, *fruity* stench fills your nose as you carve your way through the ranks of Familiars. You flow through the motions, effortless dodges and smooth strikes carrying you forward with casual ease.

Another fragment of focus, and you flip your left hand, a silvery beam bursting from your palm to smash a Familiar back. You can *feel* the cost, palpable tension settling in your shoulders, and you leap skywards, calling Grief to you.

Wings explode out from your shoulders, and you pull yourself airborne. A finger touched to your Soul Gem draws the Grief out.

*Incoming.*

A Familiar - launching itself *upwards* at you, soaring upwards in defiance of gravity.

You meet it with a hammer, slamming it back into the ground. More right behind it, though.

You grin to yourself as you draw more Grief around yourself in a defensive swarm. You're all but literally pounding nails. They're stools, giant stools, but that's close enough, right?

You throw yourself to meet the Familiars. Wings thundering at your back, hammer on your right and Grief swirling around you.

Waves of Familiars crash against you and *break*.

It's almost a surprise when you run out of Familiars.

You look around at the trail of carnage you'd wrought. Shattered Familiars, sunk in foaming, tepid liquid gushing from the faucets.

You shrug, and walk onw-

-*ards*. The landscape of the Barrier tears away around you with the nauseating sense of transition, stepping through potentialities, and you find yourself staring at a grotesque, mishapen sculpture of concrete, painted green. It's humanoid, and lopsided, one arm vastly larger than the other, head hunched over bulging shoulders.

The Witch is facing away from you, for now.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

And we're *back*.
