# Our Benefactor pt. 12

Decisions.

You have perhaps an opportunity to experiment, and perhaps a little time to go for some copyright infringement of a certain rather famous magical girl franchise.

You snort to yourself, and immediately wince. Something *sour*, old and rancid, hangs in the air. You eye the brooding form of the Witch. Then again, maybe not. It would... probably really be for the best for you to have a spotter if you want to try this, you feel. Maybe mom. Homura, you mean.

Just a quick kill, then. Nothing fancy.

You step forward, footsteps ringingly sharply on plain, dirty tile. The Witch seems to ignore you, and you pick up speed, accelerating to an inhumanly fast sprint in an instant.

You leap, tile shattering underfoot and wings pumping.

The Witch whirls, nimble and impossibly speedy for something its size. A car sized fist flies at you.

You meet it with the silvery flash of your hammer, both hands wrapped tight around the haft. Magically enhanced metal slams into green painted concrete with a concussive boom. Cracks spiderweb out through the fist, and you pivot, planting both feet against the fist.

You leap away, assisted by your wings.

"*Dissoluzione-*"

A swathe of Grief, like viscera torn from a body, follows your hammer as you rip it away. The outstretched arm dissolves with a drawn out moan, ashy flakes falling in a blizzard.

You land, warhammer sweeping through its full arc.

"*-Bianca!*"

Grief tears away from the Witch in torrential streams, thick, ropy gouts flowing away from it. Green painted concrete shatters and cracks, bleeding away into sprays of ash.

The Witch moans, low and drawn out as it staggers, remaining arm reaching spasmodically for you.

You purse your lips. Great, weeping sores open up in the Witch, edges crumbling like paper burning away in a flame.

Abruptly, you feel something *give*. The Witch judders to a halt in great, heaving spasms, and begins to crumble with an awful slowness. Great boulders of concrete fall from the lifeless sculpture, and-

\-stone shrieks, torn apart from the inside. A skeletal figure of twisted steel rips its way forward, shedding concrete like a chrysalis. The figure shrieks, the sound of metal grating on metal echoing throughout the confines of the Barrier, and drops to its knees, single arm raised despairingly to the sky before it collapses into a tangled mass of rebar.

The Barrier wavers, and begins to fade, the tiles under your feet losing cohesion. You find yourself everted back into reality one roof over from where you'd started, and a quiet ping sounds - the Grief Seed, falling to the roof a few paces away from you.

You take a moment to suck in deep, grateful lungfuls of the entirely too warm afternoon air as you walk over to the Grief Seed. The fresh air comes as a welcome relief after... what you realise was old vomit, in the Barrier.

You scrub at your nose with a finger while stooping to pick up the Grief Seed. Out of curiosity, you check the Witch name, scanning it with your Grief senses as you slip it into your pocket. *Andrea*.

Another fraction of thought has your Grief harness unravelling. Grief rises off your body in wisps, flowing into miniature planetoids you set drifting about you. A shudder runs down your spine, and you roll your shoulders as your muscles *squirm*. Urgh.

You keep the wings, though; you'll still need those. You walk over to the edge of the skyscraper roof, looking down at the cars scurrying along in the streets below. You're glad you don't seem to have vertigo, you muse as you look at the yawning abyss between buildings.

Hrm.

You purse your lips, checking the time on your phone, absently cancelling the alarm, since you won't need *that* any more.

A step off the side of the skyscraper, and you take wing, soaring across the cloudy afternoon sky. It occurs to you, as you cut across Mitakihara, that this would be a decent time to try out something that you've been... well, you've been meaning to do for a while. Detection, then. You... seem have that apparently hard range limit of a hundred meters on most everything you do.

But your Grief senses seem to be the exception to that, and you certainly managed to augment your melee fighting skills earlier. So what if you tried to play with *that*?

... probably best to warn your friends first, though.

"*Hey, Mami, Homura?*" you pulse out telepathically.

"*Ah, Sabrina? I...*" you can practically *hear* Mami's hesitance. "*How are you?*"

Hmm. You haven't heard from her since lunch, have you?

"*Ah, I'm good. How are you, Mami?*" you ask, mindful of Homura, listening in.

"*I'm fine,*" Mami says. "*We, ah, got our tests back today.*"

"*Oh?*" you ask. "*That was fast. How did you do?*"

"*I... I got a seventy-eight,*" Mami replies.

"*Ah, that's not half bad!*" you say brightly as you hold hand out, summoning a small blob of Grief from the swarm of spheres following behind you. That ring of Grief glints faintly under what sunlight there is leaking through the cloudy skies.

"*Mm... I think I'll be taking the retest, though,*" Mami says.

"*... really?*" you ask in faint disbelief.

"*Yes, I think so,*" Mami says.

"*Oh. Well, I'll help you, Mami,*" you say. "*I promised.*"

"*Thank you, Sabrina,*" Mami says.

"*No problem, Mami. But uh...*" you say. "*Um, this is important, so first... I'm on my way to school now, but I'm also going to test something, OK? So it might be, uh, a little Witchy. You know how it is.*"

"*Ah, be careful, Sabrina,*" Mami says, a touch of anxiety in her voice.

"*Understood,*" Homura says, voice clipped.

"*Yeah, I will,*" you say. "*Um, see you soon.*"

"*See you soon!*" Mami says.

"*See you,*" Homura agrees.

You focus on the Grief in your hand. Something to amplify your detection range, so...

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice intrudes in your head again.

"*Hmm, Mami? Is something wrong?*" you ask, still considering the lump of Grief. *Detection*. The Grief wavers, edges becoming fuzzy and indistinct, before it collapses in on itself, shrinking and turning a bright, azure blue. It forms a small ellipsoid that floats into the air seemingly on its own volition, singing *Witch* in your senses.

The stone swings around your head in a gentle orbit without your prompting. That means it's working, you think?

"*... Mami?*" you prompt again.

"*I... it's OK,*" she says. "*Sorry.*"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Holding in abeyance:

Spoiler

  - [x] Make an accessory that amplifies your grief/magic sensing range. A bracelet maybe? Use Mami and Homura as place markers to determine how far you can extend your sensing range. Warn both of them of what you're trying to do and the witchy feeling as you close in. Discreetly revert your accessory back to raw grief once you meet up.
- [x] Greet everyone.
- [x] Apologize. You can't stay. Gotta talk to the new magical girl.
- [x] Go with Mami. Meet up with Megane Ono.
