# Our Benefactor pt. 13

You purse your lips. That is *not* normal. Very much not normal.

"*Mami, what is it?*" you ask, mental voice as gentle as you can make it. "*Is everything alright?*"

"*Ah, I,*" Mami says. "*Yes, I'm fine. I just...*"

You lock your wings and glide for a moment, frowning at the little blue detection stone still orbiting your head. "*Mami?*" you prompt gently.

"*No, it's just...*" Mami stops for a moment before continuing. "*I know I've been... a bit.*"

She stops talking for a moment. Just as you're about to prompt her again, she continues, voice terribly small. "*I was... I was trying not to be so...*"

"*Mami...*" you say softly, still gliding towards the school.

"*It's hard.*" She says, mental voice a bare whisper. "*I... oh. Um.*"

"*Mami?*" you ask, worried again.

"*I... I'm going to the nurse's office,*" Mami says. "*I... will I see you after school?*"

"*Yes, of course, Mami,*" you say.

"*I just wanted to hear your voice again,*" she says, voice quiet.

"*Oh,*" you say, drifting to a landing atop a building near the school. Down below, you can see the lush foilage of the park that fronts the school, and... you can sense Mami and Homura in school. You frown. It *seems* to be further than your usual range, you think. But you need to focus on Mami for now.

"*Mami?*" you ask again.

"*I... I'm fine,*" she says. "*School's almost over. I'm sorry, Sabrina.*"

"*Don't be, Mami,*" you say.

Homura's voice intrudes into your mind. "*I assume that's you,*" she says.

"*Yeah, it is,*" you reply absently. You prompt Mami again. "*Mami?*"

"*Sorry,*" she repeats. "*I... thank you, Sabrina.*"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Hmhmm. Short update today.
