# Our Benefactor pt. 15

"Hey, Mami," you say, smiling at Mami, fighting to keep the worry from your face. "I'm here."

"... hi, Sabrina," Mami says, stopping a step away from you, worried frown on her face and hands twisting against each other. "I-" she's almost gasping for breath as she speaks. "I, I'm glad you're here."

"Hey..." you say. "Do you want a hug?"

Mami bites her lip. "I... yes," she says, taking a half step forward.

You meet her halfway, wrapping your arms tightly around her.

She lets out a little whimper, throwing her arms around you. She clings to you, shivering, and her head finds the crook of your neck. You hold simply hold her for a long moment, glaring over her golden hair at the students walking by. They suddenly find a pressing reason to be looking elsewhere.

You spy Madoka, Homura, Sayaka, and Hitomi emerging from the school as a group, talking amongst themselves. Sayaka spots you first, nudging Madoka and pointing you out. A worried look immediately flickers across the pinkette's face, and her eyes seek yours in worry.

Pink eyes search your blue ones for answers. You shake your head minutely, taking care not to disturb Mami. You *have* none to give, much as it galls you. You're barely sure of what to do, and... not even that.

You just want to help Mami.

That much, at least, you can say with conviction.

Behind Madoka, you can see Homura giving the two of you an inscrutable look as they all approach. Not quite a frown, not quite displeasure. Worry, perhaps. Hitomi looks faintly worried, too, a slight frown on her face.

Your stomach churns uncomfortably as you hug Mami. You don't know what to *do* to help Mami. Or you *do* know; you know too much and too little and you know *just* enough to second guess yourself. To argue with yourself over what might be the best thing to do, what might not. You know enough to make a guess and just a little more to paralyze yourself with indecision.

Madoka seems to read something in your eyes, her worried frown twisting, and she slows, one hand tugging on Homura's uniform blouse and one on Sayaka. The group slows, and Madoka meets your eyes.

"*Sabrina?*" Madoka's voice sounds inside your head, tremulous and worried. "*Is there anything we can do?*"

You... you're not sure *you'll* ever be able to *help* Mami. And you're terrified that you'll make things *worse*. At least... Mami's shivering seems to be dying down as she draws comfort from your presence.

"*I don't know,*" you admit.

Madoka nods. "*A-alright.*" Your friends stop a distance away from you and Mami, blocking the two of you from the bulk of the people trickling out of school.

A moment later, Mami shifts, and you loosen your hug around her. She eases backwards and looks up at you, eyes watery. "S-sorry."

"Mami, I'm *here*," you say again, keeping your arms loosely around her.

"Y-yes. C-can we go somewhere else?" Mami asks.

"Of course, Mami," you say, smiling at her even as the worry twists inside your stomach.

Walking is an awkward affair, with Mami half clinging to your side. The two of you meander along the forested path slowly, Madoka and Homura following a distance behind - Sayaka had said something about catching up as soon as she could.

"Mami?" you ask softly.

"I, I... sorry," she says. "I..." she trails off, looking down at the ground.

"Do you want to talk about it?" you ask, twisting your neck from side to side to try and ease the growing tension in your shoulders. "Or... maybe you'd like to hear about my afternoon instead?"

"That w-would be nice," Mami says. "I mean. Your afternoon?"

"Well... I've been spending a bit of time checking in on everyone today," you say, tapping the side of your head to indicate telepathy. "I talked to Rin this morning, and Chouko. So... After lunch, I went to check in on Masami and Hiroko."

"Oh?" Mami asks.

"Yeah," you say. "They seem to be doing quite well." After you'd nearly ruined their chances of being healed, of course. And not to forget how you'd *wrecked* Akiko and the Sendai girls in the name of peace, an-

"A-ah," Mami says, biting her lip. "That's good."

You suck in a breath in sudden realisation, and dart a look around. The path seems relatively clear of people, apart from your friends. You can *feel* the weight of Grief in your Soul Gem, a malevolent presence grinding on your shoulders and *mind* with heavy, ephemeral pressure. A moment's thought has Grief billowing from your Soul Gem ring in a thick, deep purple torrent.

Mami stiffens as she notices the Grief pouring from your Soul Gem. "S-sorry," she says.

"No," you say as the tension slowly ebbs from your shoulders, the tense muscles of your neck unknotting slowly as Grief pours into the air. "Don't apologise, Mami."

She bites her lip, brow knotting in worry. You keep an arm around her, though, hugging her close to you.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

GM post to follow.
