# Our Benefactor pt. 16

Your stomach churns uneasily as you watch Mami. She's practically half draped over you, cuddled into your side as you walk, holding you in a desperately tight grip to reassure herself that you're there. Your own arm is wrapped around her waist, taking her weight and supporting her as you make your way down the path.

"*Um... Madoka, Homura? Sayaka?*" you send out telepathically. "*I... hey. Thanks for the concern. I appreciate it, I really do, and... I guess I owe you an explanation later. But we'll be alright for now. Uh. We'll meet up with you later, OK?*"

"*OK,*" Madoka says, mental voice worried. "*Um... we'll wait for you, right, Sayaka? Homura?*"

"*Yeah,*" Sayaka says, sounding subdued. "*Uh. All the best.*"

Homura just replies with a vaguely affirmative noise.

Mami's grip around your waist tightens for a moment, and you bring your free hand across to brush the hair out of her face. "Hey, Mami?" you say softly. "We'll find somewhere and sit down, OK?" You're peripherally aware of Madoka and Homura drifting away from the two of you.

"I... alright," Mami says, nodding jerkily.

You guide her away from the main path of the park, meandering along a small side path paved with roughly cut flagstones, and eventually find a small stone table and bench with an umbrella above it. The two of you sit down, Mami sliding in beside you and pressing into your side again.

You hug her close. "First thing, Mami," you say softly, murmuring into her hair. "I worry. But it's *because* you're worth caring about."

"I-I... I'm sorry," she whispers, head buried against you. "I'm sorry for being so..." Mami lets out a choked sound. "I'm t-trying. I'm *trying*."

You tighten your hug around her for a moment. "I care about you, Mami," you repeat, leaning back slightly. Gently, you tilt her head up so that she meets your eyes, honey-gold against clear blue. Deep seated worry flickers across her face, written in the frown on her brow and the slump of her shoulders. "And you *are* worth caring about. *You* are worth caring about, however you are," you say with gentle emphasis.

"Sorr-" Mami chokes off the apology, instead pressing her lips together, looking worried.

"Hey," you say. Blatant subject change time. "What would you like to do this afternoon?"

*Smooth*.

"I-I..." Mami stutters. She takes a breath, obviously fighting for composure. "I don't know. W-what d-do you think we should d-do?"

"Hmm," you say, easing your hug around Mami. She stays close to you, but leans back just far enough so that she can watch your face. "Well... would you like to just hang out with our friends? Homura, Madoka, Sayaka, and maybe Hitomi, if she can make it?"

Mami shakes her head slightly, before seeming to change her mind. "T-that sounds n-nice," she says hesitantly.

You keep your arms around her. "Mami," you say, keeping your voice soft. Gentle. "You don't have to force yourself if you don't want to, OK? We can do other things, too. Practice with our magic, or maybe a quiet night in, or go for ice cream or something? It's up to you, Mami."

"I... we have an appointment with Miss Ono, d-don't we? And Sayaka's f-friend?" Mami asks, brow furrowing.

You were *just* thinking about that. "We can reschedule that if you want," you say firmly. "Or we can go ahead and do that if you feel up to it, Mami?"

She shakes her head, hair drills swaying gently with the motion. "A-another time? If t-tha-" she breaks off, biting her lip again.

"That's fine, Mami," you say warmly. "I'll let her -and Sayaka- know later."

"A-alright," Mami says. "I... I hope they're fine with that. Miss Ono... didn't seem the p-patient sort. A-and we promised Sayaka..."

You shrug. "That's her problem. And Sayaka will understand," you say. "But with that out of the way... what would you like to do, Mami?"

"I... hanging out sounds nice," she says hesitantly. She swallows, before suggesting, "M-maybe we can do something, afterwards? J-just the two of us? Y-you mentioned magic practice."

"OK," you say, nodding. "That sounds good." You have to wonder when Homura'll come by for the 'shopping trip' though. Possibly late at night?

Mami takes a shuddering breath, and makes an effort to sit up a little straighter. She doesn't pull back, though, and gives you a small, wan smile. "T-thank you, Sabrina," she says. One of her hands seek yours, and after a moment's hesitation, closes her hand around it. Her hand is cold, but warms quickly.

"No need, Mami," you say gently, returning both the grip and the smile.

Mami shakes her head. "N-no, I... I know you're... you're doing a lot for me, and I-" she takes a breath, trying to find the right words. "Thank you, Sabrina."

"I... You're welcome," you say, pulling her into a hug again. "And you're worth it. You're worth caring about."

She nods jerkily against your shoulder, and you keep hugging her. You're not very sure what you can *do* for Mami, truth be told. Then again... the only real concrete advice you've had was from Kirika, wasn't it? Be there for her. And... here you are.

You can only hope you're helping.

"*Hey, Madoka? Sayaka, Homura?*" you reach out telepathically.

"*Ah! Sabrina?*" Madoka responds immediately, voice anxious. "*How's Mami?*"

"*Better,*" you say, hastily amending it a moment later. "*-ish. Anyway... would you girls like to hang out today?*"

"*Um, that's good!*" Madoka says. "*And yes, I would! Homura? Sayaka?*"

"*Yeah, I'm up for it,*" Sayaka says, sounding equally worried.

"*Yes,*" Homura agrees.

"*We'll come and find you?*" Madoka says.

"*Yeah. You know where we are?*" you ask.

A soft whisper reaches your ears. "S-Sabrina?" Mami whispers. "I... I think my Soul Gem needs to be cleansed." She pulls back slightly, and holds her hand out. The egg-shaped crystal of her Soul Gem shimmers into view, Grief frothing inside in a dark, filmy layer.

"Of course," you say, reaching out a finger to touch her Soul Gem. An effort of will, and a streamer of Grief follows your hand as you pull it away, the noxious, deep purple cloud trailing out into the air. Another thought starts collapsing the Grief into marbles, drifting through the air to join the primary mass of Grief you've been maintaining - the stuff that went into your Barrier.

Mami relaxes, giving you another wan smile. "Thank you, Sabrina."

"No need," you say.

Her smile strenghtens a little, becoming a little more natural.

You sense them coming long before they round the corner of the park - Madoka, along with Homura and Sayaka walking on opposite sides, heading towards you.

"Mami, Sabrina," Sayaka calls out, voice subdued and worried as they walk over.

"Hey," you call out.

The three walk over, Madoka wringing her hands. Sayaka looks just as worried, and even Homura seems perturbed.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Muuuuumi.
