# Our Benefactor pt. 17

You take a deep breath, and smile at Mami. She remains sitting close to you -nearly on top of you, wobbly-, and her answering smile is a little wan, a little wavering, but it's there. You nod at her, and turn your gaze on everyone else - they're all obviously concerned, even Homura's wearing a faint frown.

Mami takes a deep breath, too. "Hello, everyone," she says, voice soft, but steady.

"Hello, Mami, Sabrina," Madoka says, voice anxious. She hovers next to the bench, still wringing her fingers together.

"Hey," you say again. Carefully, you ease back from the hug, moving slowly. Mami's eyes seek yours, and you hold her gaze for a long moment. Around her eyes are tight, worried lines that attest to Mami's mental state. You squeeze her hand tightly. A reminder.

She squeezes back, swallowing, before slowly shuffling back on the bench.

You lever yourself to your feet, still holding Mami's hand, and carefully pull her to her feet. "Shall we go for ice cream?" you suggest, looking around at the others.

"Ah, yes," Madoka agrees, nodding vigorously.

"Ice cream!" Sayaka says with a bright smile that's only slightly forced. "I haven't had ice cream for a while. What about you, transf- Homura?"

Homura shrugs infinitesimally.

"Where should we go?" Madoka asks, looking at you.

"I'm not sure," you shrug. "Someone else pick?" You ruefully reflect that this is the second time that you've had ice cream today, the first time with Masami and Hiroko not even a few hours ago.

... it seems much longer.

"Island Creamery?" Sayaka suggests. "It's nearby, so it might be a bit crowded now."

Mami shakes her head, more a twitch than anything. You squeeze her hand in comfort. "Maybe somewhere quieter?" you say. Sayaka grimaces, and nods.

"Um... I think I know somewhere. It's further away, but it's quiet," Madoka offers.

"That sounds good," you agree. "Mami?"

She nods.

"Let's go, then," Sayaka says.

"A-ah, yes, this way," Madoka says, starting off, Homura and Sayaka in tow.

Mami walks at your side, still holding your hand, as you follow the trio. Homura on Madoka's right, Sayaka on her left, and the two of you behind. Madoka sneaks not-particularly-subtle glances back at you frequently, still looking worried.

"How were classes today?" you ask, the next time Madoka looks back.

"Oh, today was good," Madoka says. "Ah... we had PE today, though. I don't like it much."

Sayaka chuckles, patting the pinkette on the shoulder. "It's OK, Madoka."

"Ah... what did you play today?" Mami asks.

"Softball!" Sayaka says.

You quirk a little smile, letting the conversation fade away as you reach out telepathically. "*Miss Ono?*"

"*Miss Sabrina,*" the magical girl responds, tone neutral.

"*Apologies, but something's come up. We won't be able to meet right now - would later or tonight be acceptable? Perhaps a join Witch hunt?*" you say, watching Sayaka flex an arm, grinning. She's... actually quite toned, it turns out.

There's a short pause before Megane replies. "*That is acceptable,*" she says, tone frosty. "*I will be waiting on your pleasure.*"

You don't *quite* raise an eyebrow on that.

"*We're aiming to be able to meet up today,*" you say, hoping that will mollify her. "*How are you doing?*"

"*I am doing fine,*" she says, voice just as chilly as it was earlier.

"Ah, Sabrina?" Mami asks you tentatively.

"Yes, Mami?" you ask, giving her a smile. To Megane, you ask, "*Have you used the Grief Seed?*"

"*Only the time this morning,*" Megane confirms.

Hmm. She shouldn't be using that much power, and she *seems* calm... then again, she does seem to have some kind of appearance based power, doesn't she? Maybe she's using that at school or something? Or maybe she's hiding her distress or something?

"Ah... do you play any sports?" Mami asks as you muse on Megane's consumption.

"*Hmm, noted,*" you say. "*Your Soul Gem's fine?*" Simultaneously, you reply to Mami. "Uhm... I'm not sure, actually," you say. "Might be fun to try some time, though."

"Oh," Mami says, expression falling. "Sorry."

"Hey, no," you say, smiling at her and squeezing her hand. "I'm not offended, Mami."

"*Yes,*" Megane replies, voice even.

"*Alright,*" you say. "*I've got nothing else, then. I'll be in touch later. Anything from you?*"

"*No,*" she says. "*Good bye.*"

You end the telepathic call, catching the trailing end of a conversation. "-ere really cool, Homura!" Madoka exclaims.

"Yeah, that last homerun was great," Sayaka admits, rubbing at her nose, before chuckling, eyes lighting up in mischief. "Oho. Homu-run\~!"

Mami smiles slightly, covering the expression with her free hand.

Homura ignores Sayaka, instead nodding slightly at Madoka. "Thank you," she says.

"That's just terrible, Sayaka," you say, wagging a reproving finger at her.

"No, that was good," she counters. "Right, Madoka?"

"Ah..." Madoka says, looking away. "I'm sorry, I didn't catch that, Sayaka."

Sayaka pouts.

Eventually, you reach the ice cream parlour. As promised, it's relatively quiet, and you all make your purchases. Honeycomb-vanilla for yourself, since it caught your eye, while Sayaka gets herself some raspberry ice cream. Madoka gets strawberry, as does Homura.

"How did you get so good at sports, Homura?" Madoka asks shyly as you all seat yourselves on the stools around a table. Mami sits beside you, of course, shuffling her stool a little closer to yours.

Homura blinks slowly. "Practice," she says.

"I bet being a magical girl helps, too," Sayaka grumbles.

"A-ah," Madoka says. "U-um." You can see that she wants to ask more, but she doesn't really seem to want to spit it out. Instead, she lowers her gaze back to her ice cream, nibbling at a spoonful.

A brief frown flickers across Homura's face, but she lets it pass.

"Ah, we wouldn't use our magic like that, Sayaka," Mami says, shaking her head.

Homura shrugs infinitesimally again.

"So... Softball," Sayaka says, glancing at the time traveller.

"Actually, are you in any school clubs?" you ask curiously, looking at Sayaka. "Softball, maybe?"

"Ah, yeah. Not like I'm on the school team, though," Sayaka says, before she rolls her eyes. "Hmm. I should probably attend one of these days, huh?"

"Heh," you snort, spooning up some ice cream. "They probably miss you."

"Pft," Sayaka says, flapping a hand at you.

"How about you, Madoka?" you ask. "Any clubs?"

"Ah... I'm in the Gardening and the Crafts club!" Madoka says brightly.

"Neat," you say, smiling.

Mami sighs. "I had to drop out of the archery club," she says, putting her spoon down and shuffling a little closer to you. Under the table, her free hand gropes for yours, and you squeeze her hand lightly. "I don't have the time anymore."

You... You'd been considering asking about Chie, earlier, but you're not entirely sure now you should, now.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Honeycomb-vanilla is an actual ice-cream flavour I had recently. 'snot half bad.

Also, the next vote will probably take you through the rest of the ice cream scene, so vote accordingly.
