# Our Benefactor pt. 18

"Well," you say, squeezing Mami's hand again. "You never know how things can change, right? If you want to pick it up again, Mami, you have the time now, I think."

Mami sighs. "Maybe, but... I'm not sure I will," she says, giving you a small, melancholy smile.

"Hey," you say. "I... if you want to, the option's there, Mami. You *can* if you want to."

She smiles, and in lieu of answering, picks up her spoon to scoop up some ice cream.

"Mami, you were really good, right?" Madoka asks, clasping her hands together. "You must have been."

Mami nods a little. "I was the champion and vice-president of the club," she admits, a tiny smile of pride on her face. "I didn't use magic for that, either!"

"That's so cool," Sayaka says, smiling broadly.

"It is!" you agree, shooting Madoka and Sayaka a smile, and directing a broader one to Mami. "What is it like?"

"Peaceful," Mami replies, looking down at her ice cream. "Kyudo is... calming."

"Ah, that sounds fun," you say, smiling at her.

"It was," she agrees with a little nod.

"Though speaking of fuuuu*uuun*," you say, smile broadening into a grin as you nudge Mami with your elbow. "MECHA GUREN ZILLA LAGANN? Eh? Eh?"

That startles a giggle out of Mami, and she shakes her head. "That was fun," she says. "I still can't believe you did that, Sabrina."

"Oh, but I *did*," you grin at her, determined to lighten the mood, even if only by acting the clown. "Stompy stomp\~!"

"What are you *talking* about?" Sayaka asks, blue eyes moving from you to Mami and then back again. Madoka looks equally confused, whereas Homura has assumed her blank pokerface, watching you steadily with her violet eyes.

You exchange a look with Mami, before turning the grin on the bleunette. "MECHA GUREN ZILLA LAGANN, of course," you say, enunciating the words with deliberate, careful slowness as if to someone hard of hearing. "What else would we be talking about?"

Mami nods in affirmation, a more genuine smile beginning to bud on her face as she watches the growing confusion. "You never did the atomic breath," she says, smiling. It's... only a *little* forced. "It did have atomic breath, right?"

"Of course it did," you say, mock-affronted. "It's MECHA GUREN ZILLA LAGANN. Of course it has atomic breath."

"Um... Are you talking about a game?" Madoka says hesitantly.

"What mere *game* could possibly capture the majesty of MECHA GUREN ZILLA LAGANN?" you ask, smiling and waving an ice cream laden spoon at her before popping it into your mouth. "No, we're not talking about a game."

"Witch hunt?" Homura asks, silently spooning up more of her strawberry ice cream.

"Yup," you confirm. "Mami, may I...?" you ask, pointing your spoon at her cup of ice cream.

"Of course," Mami says, tilting her cup at you. You smile at her, and scoop up some.

"So what did you *do*?" Sayaka asks impatiently.

"MECHA GUREN ZILLA LAGANN," you repeat patiently. "That's what."

"And what *is* Mecha Guren Zilla Lagann?" Sayaka asks.

You grin. "Mami?"

She shakes her head, smiling.

"Well, there you have it," you say.

Sayaka scowls at you, while Madoka giggles quietly. You turn your grin on Mami, finding her watching you already with a content smile. Her fingers squeeze your free hand, still clasped in hers under the table. You squeeze back - it's not a hug, but it's an affirmation.

Hmm, speaking of hugs. You... sort of do need to figure out what to do, after Walpurgisnacht and feathers and everything. It's the next logical goal, really. First Mami, then Mitakihara, then the world, and then the universe. You briefly contemplate the shape of the universe, before discarding that thought as irrelevant.

Eventually, the ice cream is finished, and you're all lazing about the table in various states of contentment, though Sayaka's still darting the occasional, mildly annoyed scowl at you. You grin sunnily back at her.

"So... we probably won't be joining you at the hospital today," you say, looking at Sayaka. "Um... sorry about that. I assume you're going there, I mean?"

Sayaka grimaces, looking slightly disappointed. "Oh. Well... yeah. It's no big rush," she says. "And yeah. I'm going to go see Kyousuke."

"I'll go with you!" Madoka volunteers, smiling. Homura nods, sitting beside the pinkette. You can just about imagine them as a couple already, Madoka blushing and demure, Homura calm and and steadfast. And you'd be their daughter, sent back in time t-

What?

... what?

... well, you're pretty sure that Madoka had *something* to do with your existence, but...

"Sabrina?" Mami asks, squeezing your hand again.

"Hm? Ah, yeah," you say, shaking your head. "Yeah, see you girls later?"

"See you!" Sayaka calls, pushing herself to her feet. Madoka and Homura stand, too, echoing their goodbyes.

You wave the trio off as they head out of the ice cream parlour, towards the hospital.

"So," you say, turning to Mami with a smile. "What would you like to do now, Mami?"

"Ah... it's up to you, Sabrina," Mami says. "It's... just the two of us."

Almost simultaneously, Homura's voice sounds inside your head. "*Sabrina.*"

"*Yes, Homura?*" you reply telepathically. You continue smiling at Mami, squeezing her hand. "Would you like to pick something, though?" you ask her.

"I, ah, maybe practice with our powers?" she suggests. "You've been experimenting, right? You could... show me what you've done? If you want?"

"*Do you still want to raid the Yakuza tonight?*" Homura asks, voice flat.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

And we're back.
