# Our Benefactor pt. 19

"*Yes, I still do,*" you say to Homura, standing. You keep hold of Mami's hand, and pull her to her feet, smiling warmly at her. She smiles back, and the two of you start heading out of the ice cream parlour.

You continue speaking to Homura as you walk down the streets, Mami close by your side. She seems content to just let you lead, her elbow bumping yours every so often as you thread through the slow ebb of early evening pedestrian traffic. "*Or, well. Of course I do-*" mom, "*-Homura. I'm quite looking forward to it, really! Let me know when you're ready?*"

Homura pauses for a moment before answering. "*Noted.*"

"*Alright. See you, then,*" you say.

"*See you,*" Homura replies.

You nod firmly to yourself. That's confirmed, then. Though... you're kind of worried about Homura. Just a little. She's become even *more* taciturn than usual, and yes, she's, well, a turtle at the best of times, but it's still vaguely worrying. You huff a short breath. You'll see how it goes when you meet her. Later.

For now\... you *do* need to let Mami know. "Hey, Mami?"

"Yes, Sabrina?" She smiles up at you, hair drills bobbing with the motion and golden eyes warm.

"Well... Homura might pull me away for an errand, some time tonight," you say. "It won't be long. Or... It won't take any time at all."

Mami looks down, biting her lip. "A-alright," she says. "You'll be careful, right?"

"Yeah. I will," you say firmly, trying to inject conviction into your voice. "Between Homura and myself, we'll be fine, Mami."

Mami nods. "Alright," she says again.

"Hey. I'll be careful," you say, hugging Mami with one arm around her. "And Homura's done this lots of times before. It'll be fine."

She worries at her lip for a moment before nodding again, this time seeming a bit more confident. You release her, giving her another quick smile.

She returns it, and you nod, continuing to proceed down the street. Heading east. "Where are we going, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

You smile. "Oh! I 've been using a place I found. I thought we could go there?" you say. That warehouse you've come to think of as *yours*. Warehouse-*kun*. Your smile morphs into an ironic smirk.

Mami smiles in response. "Oh?"

"Yep!" you confirm. "Out in the old industrial district... actually, do you have any better suggestions, Mami?"

"Ah, I usually use that place under the highway, since it's nearer," Mami replies. "But the place you found sounds good, too!"

"OK, then," you say. "We can roofhop there, or would you like me to fly you?"

"Ah..." Mami considers this. "Maybe we could fly? If that's OK?"

"Of course," you say, turning away from the street and down a convenient alleyway. You smile at Mami before transforming, the blaze of silvery-white light answered by the golden nova of Mami's transformation. You turn to survey Mami, in her familiar costume, and smile at her.

Mami's expression's still a little drawn. A little fretful. But for all of that, she looks... *content*, her eyes warm.

A crouch, and you leap for the wall, pavement cracking under your feet. You wince slightly as you make contact with the far wall and push off again - still haven't quite mastered that yet. You catch Mami's gaze as she similarly wallhops towards the roof, in graceful tandem with your own ungainly bounds. She returns a smile.

A few minutes later, you're soaring through the cloudy skies over Mitakihara on a carpet made of Grief, Mami ensconced firmly in your side, and it doesn't take you too long to reach the old industrial district, the masses of Grief spheres crowding behind you. You cruise in for an easy landing in the yard of the warehouse, dozens of spheres of Grief dropping from the sky around you.

"Ta-dah!" you say, hopping off the carpet and spreading your arms wide to display the mouldering, rusting old warehouse, and the asphalt paved yard surrounded by a chainlink fence. There's no one around, the area surprisingly quiet but for the occasional bird and insect life.

Mami giggles, before standing gracefully, patting her skirt down and looking around the yard. "I can see why you chose this place, Sabrina," she says. "It's quiet here, isn't it?"

"It is," you agree. "Anyway, do you need a cleanse, Mami?"

"Ah..." Mami checks her Soul Gem ring. "No, no need, Sabrina. Thank you."

You check your own Soul Gem, too. It seems fine, mostly clear and only a little clouded despite the masses of Grief you've been dragging around. You check that ring of Grief, too - that seems fine, and your finger's still firmly attached, which is certainly nice.

You glance at Mami, smiling. "So, where would you like to start, Mami?"

She shakes her head, smiling. "Um... maybe you could tell me what you've managed to do so far?"

You take a moment to gather your thoughts. "Well, um. You know how my powers are, right? I control... Grief, and I can... I can turn it into fire and water and give it gravity and magnetism and so on. It's..." You trail off, spreading your hands. "I can do a *lot*."

Mami blinks in surprise, surprise on her face. "That... that's amazing, Sabrina," she says. "It... took me weeks, no, *months* for me to make my rifles."

You rub awkwardly at your nose. "It's... all the same, though. It's all..." You wave your hands in the air, trying to find the words for it. "It's all *loud*. I'm doing it all with my Grief powers, and it feels like... Witch-stuff? I haven't actually experimented much with *just* magic."

She purses her lips, a thoughtful frown flickering across her face. "Hmm... could you show me?"

"Sure," you smile, holding a hand out and *pulling* with your mind. A small piece of Grief drops into your hands, a rounded block of deep purple, cold to the touch. It only takes a moment of focus, a minuscule effort of will, and you're suddenly holding a crackling, merrily blazing fire in your hand.

"It doesn't burn me if I don't want it to," you say, glancing up at Mami with a smile. She closes her mouth, hand lowering. She nods, expression still a touch worried, thoughtful frown now simply a furrow of worry.

"It feels like... what we find in Barriers," she says. "Even more than... your usual stuff." She gestures at the masses of Grief you've left lying quiescent about the yard.

And indeed it does.

*Witch, Witch, Witch,* glowing like a beacon that presses on your senses.

You nod. "Yeah, it does," you agree with a grimace. "It... *all* does, and I can't suppress it. I can make it invisible, technically-" you demonstrate, the Grief-fire melting into a loose glove around your hand and then turning invisible to the eye, "-but yeah. You can see the problem." You wiggle your invisible fingers at Mami.

She nods, clasping her hands together. "Do you know if Witches can tell the difference?"

You cock your head to the side. "Huh... I don't know, actually," you say.

"Something we should find out," Mami says. "That invisibility trick could be useful for Witches, especially if we need to rescue someone!" Despite her cheery tone, though, she seems to be wrestling with some thought, trying to figure out something.

"It could!" you agree. Though... Witches aren't really much of a problem, are they? Not for you, in any case; you have far and away enough brute force to blow through most Witches. Then again, pride goeth and all that. And then *again*, Walpurgisnacht isn't *most* Witches. And of course there's Oriko's mysterious Feathers.

Sometimes, you have to wonder if the seer had been trying to wind you up or something.

But then *again,* you remember the worry, the *fear* and *frustration* in her voice.

"Sabrina..." Mami says hesitantly, cradling her elbow in one hand cupping her chin with the other. "Have you tried..." She trails off, and shakes her head. "No, never mind."

"Hm, Mami?" you say encouragingly, smiling at her.

Mami shakes her head again, but she reluctantly continues, hesitance in her words. "Have you... tried making an actual Barrier?" She abruptly waves her hands frantically in a pacifying gesture. "It's just an idea!"

"I did, actually," you say. "It... well, it worked. I managed to make a Barrier."

"Oh," Mami says. "Oh."

"Um, Mami?" you ask, directing a quizzical expression at her.

She doesn't respond immediately, before she slowly shakes her head again, eyes refocusing on you. She assays a little smile. "No... it makes sense," she murmurs. "Magic can be strange, and... wonderful, and I've never heard of anything *like* your powers, so it stands to reason, right?" She steps forward, arms spreading in an unspoken request for a hug.

You oblige, hugging Mami tightly. She wraps her arms around you, burying her head against the crook of your neck and holding you tightly. "Will you show me?" she asks softly.

"Of course," you answer softly. You'd half decided that you *would*, in any case, so the decision's easy enough to make.

Mami nods, stepping back and smiling softly at you. You return the smile, drawing the Grief before you in a dense, deep purple blob - and you *focus*. You *remember*.

You remember how it felt. And you *push* at the Grief, shaping it by memory. It folds in on itself, deep purple Grief twisting away into a faint glow that *sings* in your senses. You turn to Mami, offering a hand and a smile.

There's a bit of trepidation in the motion and a touch of worry in her posture. But she accepts your hand, and together you step into the Barrier.

It's formless void, once more. Abyssal silence yawns all around you.

You float. Mami's fingers are bonecrushingly tight around yours as you *will* a reality into being - *your* reality.

Light and matter.

Photons flood into the world, kaleidoscopic colour bleeding through reality in wispy torrents.

You *build*. You guide the formation of structure, wrapping it around you as air and carpet and concrete. You can feel the apartment expanding around you, the building, and Mitakihara expanding out around you. Your Barrier accretes around the nucleus of yourself and Mami.

Your boots touch down on rug, and you can feel the soft fibers give way underfoot. Another presence at your side - Mami. Fingers vise tight on yours, arms wrapped around you, and noise in your ears. Noise that comes unbidden to your Barrier, something forei-

"-abrina! P-please. Talk to m-me. Sabrina?"

You blink, and refocus.

"Mami?" you ask faintly.

"Sabrina!" Mami looks... panicked. Her eyes are wide enough that the whites are showing all round, her face drawn and terrified. Her arms are clamped tightly around you with desperate, ribcracking force, your hand still held in hers.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Apologies for the hiatus again. Real life issues... Well, they got in the way.
