# Our Benefactor pt. 20

The bottom drops out of your stomach, and you pull Mami up to a standing position. You wrap her in a tight hug of your own, her arms closing around you with crushing force. You can feel her *shaking* violently in your arms, shivering spasms wracking her body.

This is practically becoming a *pattern*. And it's not a good one, either.

A small effort of will has Grief trickling away from your Soul Gem in fitful, wispy shreds. Ropy strands of Grief, viscous and congealing, pour from Mami's flower shaped Soul Gem. You tear it free and let it melt away into the surroundings, deep purple Grief merging seamlessly into the fabric of reality. Your reality, at any rate.

Mami sags against you, still shaking. Her weight's practically hanging off you, supported by her fists twisted into the back of your coat.

She's not crying.

Simply... trembling. Clinging tightly to you. Her breath comes in soft gasps, fast. Nearly hyperventilating.

You hug her back just as fiercely, one hand beginning to stroke her back.

"Mami, I'm here," you murmur.

"S-Sabrina," Mami says, her voice cracking. "A-are you. A-alright?"

Your heart clenches. You... this is what *you* did. "I- it's OK. I'm fine, Mami," you say, still holding her. "I'm not going anywhere."

"I-I-" she shivers. "Y-you. You *g-g.* G-*gone.*"

"I..." you bite your lip, your hand moving in slow, soothing motions across her back. "I realise that now. And I'm here now, Mami. I... Filling up my Barrier seems to take a lot out of me. It... I didn't realise that it puts me into... some kind of a trance."

Mami's grip, already vice-like around you, tightens further. She shakes her head. "S-Sabrina, I-I- c-can't. I *can't* l-los-. L-lose you."

"I'm *here*, Mami," you say softly. "I'm sorry for worrying you, Mami. But I'm fine... apart from that... trance... I'm *fine*."

"S-Sabr-" Mami stutters. "Y-you d-didn't. R-respond at *a-all* and I w-was. S-so scared." She trails off.

"I'm fine, Mami," you say softly. Moving gently, you guide her over to the sofa and sit down. It's an exact replica of the one in Mami's apartment, right down to the little worn patch on the right side.

It also sings the constant song of *Witch, Witch, Witch.*

Mami doesn't protest, or let go of you. Her arms are still wound around you in a side on hug as she sits beside you, her head tucked against you, still shivering.

"I'm *fine*," you repeat. "And I'm *here*, Mami."

She nods slowly, jerkily.

"Are you OK, Mami?" you ask.

She doesn't respond, beyond huddling into your side a little more.

... you'll take that as a no.

"Mami?" you ask, keeping your voice soft and gentle. "Would you like to do something else?"

A slow nod.

"OK," you say. "We'll leave the Barrier, OK?"

She nods slowly again.

Carefully, you guide her to the exit - the apartment door, this time, and you step outside of the Barrier. You find yourself back in the yard of the warehouse, the skies still cloudy above, a sharp contrast to the warm evening sun of your Barrier. Mami's still wrapped around you tightly, clutching at you with desperate strength.

A thought collapses the Barrier, Grief spilling out into the world into a billowing cloud. A single feather, black and long pinioned, drifts to the ground from where the Barrier was.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Poor Mumi.
