# Our Benefactor pt. 21

A flash of panic shoots through you, your eyes widening and arms tightening around Mami enough to draw a small 'oof' of surprise from her. You choke back your initial reaction -to start panicking and abandon universe- and force yourself to *think*. Thoughts cascade over each other in a sleeting hailstorm.

... you *wish* you could afford to panic. Maybe scream a bit and flail at the air, milk the giant invisible sky cow. That sort of thing. It'd be nice. Cathartic, even. Or it'd be nice if you had someone you could dump this off on. If you had someone whose lap you could dump this off on and then curl up to cry a bit.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks, a frantic quaver in her voice.

Except you can't. You bite your lip. "I'm sorry, Mami," you whisper, shifting your grip on Mami so that it's less painful. "I'm sorry. I keep hurting you, and it doesn't matter that I didn't mean to." Remorse bites deep, the bitter, chill touch of regret.

As you speak, gently murmuring the words into Mami's golden hair, your mind remains active. Some part of you debates simply getting rid of that feather, and some other part debates locking it away more securely. Though... truth be told, there *is* very little more secure than Grief under your control. You trust Homura's book of Witches to it, after all.

Fingers of Grief wrap around the feather that drifted out of your Barrier, binding it away into one more innocuous sphere to join the others.[](<http://what is this?>)You'll get back to it later - you need to take care of Mami first.

She's still trembling. Quivering, uncontrolled shivers wrack her body, and she leans heavily against you, arms locked around you in a desperate, shaking deathgrip. "I'm..." she whispers, voice cracking and trailing off. She's not even crying. Too terrified to cry.

"Mami, I'd never leave you unless you want me to," you whisper, bringing one hand up to stroke her hair slowly with slow, rhythmic motions. "You don't need to be scared of being alone."

"S-Sabri- Sabrina," Mami says. Babbles, almost, her voice choked and halting. You can feel your coat taut against your back, Mami's hands fisted against the heavy leather with enough force to strain the magically toughened material.

"I'm here," you say, returning the hug with equal fervour.

Your only response is a shift of her weight as Mami tries to nestle closer to you. You're practically supporting her right now - or well, she's leaning most of her weight on you.

You keep holding her. "Shh," you murmur. "I'm here. I'm *here*, and I won't leave you." You continue to mumble soft reassurances, repeating yourself as Mami slowly calms down.

The two of you probably make for a distinctly odd tableau. Cloudy skies slowly shading towards a ruddy orange as the sun sets, soft-edged shadows creeping along the warehouse yard. You, a white-haired, ambiguously Caucasian girl, dressed in a deep blue longcoat and hugging a blonde Japanese girl close to you. Said girl is in turn cuddled close to you with strength that speaks less to affection and more to sheer, terrified desperation.

Mami's shivering slowly dies away, her eyes sliding closed. She hardly seems to care about the passing time, or the chilly wind that's picked up.

"Mami?" you say softly, shifting an arm to ease a bit of your longcoat around her. "What do you want to do?"

She shakes her head mutely.

"Would you like to go back home?" you hazard.

Mami nods. "T-that would be. Nice," she says, voice still wavering a bit.

"OK," you say. "Would you like to roofhop-" her arms tighten spasmodically around you, "-or shall I fly us back?"

"F-flying," Mami answers. "If it isn't too much t-trouble?"

"It isn't," you tell her. Without releasing her, Grief wraps around the two of you in a tightly controlled whirlpool, sliding the two of you into a comfortable seated position on a pane of Grief. Mami makes a small noise, shuffling so that she can nestle comfortably against you as an effort of will bears you skywards.

Ruddy orange plays over Mitakihara as you cut across the industrial district, masses of Grief drifting after you.

Eventually, you descend back towards rooftop level, landing on the roof of the apartment block. Making your way back home is a little awkward, with Mami still clutching tightly at you, but you make it back, thankfully without encountering anyone else.

A few marbles drift out in front of you as you enter the apartment, Mami reluctantly seperating from you for a moment to shuck her shoes into a corner. It only takes a bit of effort to get a kettle settled on the stove, though you rather suspect that the splashing noises you hear means that you'll have a bit of cleaning up to do later, though.

An interruption comes just as you settle on the sofa, Mami curling into your side in a little huddle. "*Sabrina,*" Oriko's genteel, calm voice sounds inside your head. "*I realize that this isn't the best of times, but something has come up. Do you have the time to come over?*"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Life has this nasty habit of saving up a whole lot of shit and then dumping it on you all at once.

And I'm not just talking about PMAS. Real life has been a *bitch*.
