# Our Benefactor pt. 22

A frission runs through you, icy fingers drawing themselves down your spine, and you draw in a shuddering breath, trying to stamp down the sheer, cloying *frustration* bubbling up in your chest. Everything's coming up at once, and you can hardly leave *any* of it alone. Least of which being Mami, *or* Homura, *or* Ono, *or* that feather, *or* Oriko. And you can't even blame anyone else for it. Not really.

Mami makes a noise, shaking her head and tucking herself into your side, under your arm.

Yeah. Definitely can't leave her alone.

You exhale slowly, eyes fixed blindly on the matte black screen of the television. "*Homura? Oriko's talking to me right now, so I'll add you to the conversation, OK?*"

There's barely a heartbeat's pause before the time traveller responds. "*Understood,*" she says.

Taking that as permission, you mentally link her in. "*Alright, Oriko,*" you say. "*Is it absolutely urgent?*"

Oriko hesitates for a long moment before responding.

The kettle starts to whistle, and you set to trying to prepare tea. Blind, moving by disembodied touch couched in a sense that you grasp instinctively. You could probably make something of Witch matter to do the job for you, but it wouldn't... exactly be the best idea.

"*I don't know,*" Oriko admits, finally, her voice wavering with indecision. "*It can wait... an hour. At most.*"

"*You don't know?*" you repeat, wincing as a clatter sounds from the kitchen - a spoon, dropped with its accompanying load of tea leaves. That's going to be a pain later. You hide a frown. Homura has no such inhibitions, and you can *feel* her frown, an odd sensation, like someone glaring behind your back.

"*It *just* came up,*" Oriko says slowly, obviously choosing her words with care. "*That shouldn't be possible.*"

"*What can you tell me?*" you ask sharply, shifting a little on the sofa. Mami shakes her head slightly, and nestles closer against you. Something that *just* came up? "*No, wait. When exactly is *just*?*"

"*Approximately... forty minutes ago,*" Oriko says. Your eyes go to the clock.

It'd match up, wouldn't it? To the time you'd dissolved the Barrier? You didn't exactly check the time, but... it seems about right.

"*What can you tell me?*" you ask intently. The tea's done, it just needs a minute to steep.

"*It's the Witch you asked me about,*" Oriko says. "*And Miki Sayaka.*"

"*Tch,*" Homura says, vocalizing for the first time. "*Did she make a contract?*"

"*No,*" Oriko says. "*Not... at the point.*"

You bite your lip, considering. A fragment of your mind bears two cups and a teapot out from the kitchen, borne on panes of Grief. "*Where is it?*"

"*It's in the old industrial area,*" the seer replies.

The tea reaches you, and you present a gently steaming cup to Mami. She smiles up at you, sitting up a little so that she can take it. "Thank you, Sabrina," she says softly.

You sit back with your own cup, worrying on Oriko's pronouncement. Your eyes flick to the clock.

Tick, tock.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Short update today.
