# Our Benefactor pt. 24

Mami and Homura are both looking to you, waiting for you to make a move, though Homura admittedly looks more impatient than anything, fingers flexing slowly, tension strung taut in her jaw. Mami... is anxious, and worried, her grip almost crushing on your fingers. Probably *literally* crushing but for the fact that you're a puella magi.

Oriko too is staring at you, her breaths shallow and fast. There's obvious strain on her face, and a pained wince squeezing her eyes nearly shut.

Your frown deepens. You don't *get* what's happening here. Did the present... *change*, when you made that Barrier? But it's the *second* time you made it. Nothing happened the first time. And there's the Feather. You're not sure when you'd mentally assigned it a capital letter, but there it is.

It's too much of a coincidence.

You take a deep breath and blow it out, trying to center yourself. "OK, OK," you say, holding up your hands. "First things first, Soul Gem cleanses, everyone. We have... time to spare." You gesture around at the timestop.

Mami gives you a wan smile before tilting her head towards you, presenting her flower shaped Soul Gem, glinting a warm gold. The same colour as her eyes. Homura's expression doesn't shift, but she lifts her hand towards you, the amethyst of her Soul Gem a brilliant echo of her faded lilac eyes.

"My Soul Gem is with Kirika," Oriko observes.

... wait.

Your hand, rising in a habitual gesture to cleanse Mami's and Homura's Soul Gems, pauses midair. You squint around at the grey hues of the timestop, and more importantly, at Kirika, just visible down the corridor. Frozen. You look back at Oriko, who simply frowns at you.

"Go on, then," you mutter, frowning at the seer. You can see Homura's jaw tighten for a moment, the muscles jumping. Her fingers whiten on the grip of her pistol.

Oriko nods, giving Homura a wary look before heading off to get Kirika.

"Hey, Oriko!" you hear Kirika calling a moment later. "Oh, this again. Hi, Sabrina!" She bounces into the living room, dragging Oriko by their joined hands. Homura's gaze locks on to the black haired girl, gun hand twitching.

"Hi, Kirika," you say. "Soul Gems, if you please?"

"Gotcha!" she chirps, producing her and Oriko's Soul Gems, clinking together. It takes only a sliver of attention for you to tug free the corruption bubbling in all the Soul Gems. It wisps into the air and flows out of the room, slinking along to join the main mass of Grief you'd left outside.

Oriko sighs, shaking her head. "This *shouldn't* have happened," she repeats herself.

"Oriko," you say. "OK, maybe your predictions were wrong. But you warned us, so... we can still intervene. We'll figure out *why* things changed, but Sayaka's safety comes first."

Oriko shakes herself, a shudder running through her body. Kirika gives her a concerned look, slinging an arm around her waist and hugging her close. "You don't understand," she says. "It's... it's *wrong.* You-" she jabs a finger at you. "Things *change* when you act. *This*. The future is *truncated* and..." she waves her hand in the air, trying to find the word. "*Spliced*."

"Is it like the future you were trying to prevent?" you ask, darting a look at Homura. The time traveller's frown is deepening slowly as she watches Oriko.

Oriko hisses out a breath, her eyes twitching sideways in a lightning fast glance at Mami. "Yes. No. Yes, if you mean it bears similarities in action but not in form," she says.

"In action but not in form?" you ask slowly. "So... similar manner of occurrence?" Were there feathers?

Oriko nods slightly. "Yes."

You frown again. "So is that all? Was there anything you couldn't you tell me over telepathy?"

The seer grimaces. "I don't want the Incubator to know more than he should."

Homura's eyes snap to the seer, staring at Oriko. Sea green eyes meet faded purple ones and hold each other's gaze.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks, looking at you. "What... what are you talking about?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Whoops?
