# Our Benefactor pt. 25

You rub at your forehead, feeling an impending headache. Probably time and past for you to join the migraine club with Homura and Oriko, anyway.

Your purse your lips for a moment. "I think this might be related to the threat," you say, half to yourself, half to Mami. "The one Oriko saw." You tip your head in the general direction of the seer. Truth be told, you're still not *absolutely* certain, but... it seems a relatively safe guess.

You blink, shaking your head to clear the thoughts buzzing about your head, and focus on Mami. She looks more *confused* than anything, touched with that ever present edge of fear.

"Mami, you remember what I told you about there being something *bigger* than Walpurgisnacht coming?" you say. At Mami's hesitant nod, you continue. "I think... well, this might be the first we've seen of it. There's times when Oriko's visions are blocked by feathers. And I think that they're related."

"The only evidence of that is *her*," Homura cuts in, still staring at Oriko, her knuckles still white around her the blocky handle of her pistol.

"Not... quite, Homura," you say. It's just as well you'd meant to bring this up. "There was a feather earlier... and the time matches up with when Oriko said things changed." You jerk your head over at the seer, who nods.

Homura's frown deepens, but she doesn't say anything more.

"A feather, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

You bite your lip, slightly reluctant to bring up certain recent events.

Mami seems to make the connection on her on, glancing down. "Oh," she says, voice terribly small.

You squeeze Mami's hand, and step closer to her, hugging her close to your side. A flash of motion catches your eye - Kirika, giving you a measured nod, uncustomarily serious look on her face, before the expression fades and she grins brightly at you.

"And... 'Incubator' is another name for Kyuubey," you say, trying to push past the moment. "I'm... sorry I didn't tell you all of this before, Mami, I forgot to."

She nods slightly. "It's alright," she whispers.

"Hey," you say softly to her, reaching out and gently tipping her head up to look at you. "Whatever it is, we can stop it together, just by knowing what it is." You turn your gaze on Homura, too, and she glances at you briefly before blowing out a breath and returning her glare to Oriko and Kirika.

"Alright," Mami says again, leaning her head against you.

"We *all* want to keep everyone safe," you say, looking around the room. "And we can do this, together."

Oriko's the only one to really answer, giving you a measured, stately nod, while Homura just flashes you another annoyed look. Mami remains leaning against you, while Kirika is leaning on *her* oujo with an arm comfortably slung around her waist.

You hum softly to yourself, thinking hard. "Oriko, what do you mean by 'truncate' and 'splice', anyway?" you ask.

The seer shakes her head, looking irritated. "It's a figure of *speech,*" she says. "The futures that I see, the threads, scenarios, they-" she breaks off, a flash of pain crossing her face. Kirika slips around Oriko, and begins massaging her shoulders with a concerned look on her face. "Aaahhh, thank you, dear- they, *change*, abruptly. I see Miki Sayaka at home, and then... at the warehouse. Any *futures* where she's at home are *gone*. Similarly, the Witch."

Kirika tugs Oriko over to the sofa, and sits her down sideways before curling behind her and continuing to knead her back.

"I see," you murmur, considering that. You've all the time in the world for more questions, you suppose, but... You glance at Homura, who seems on edge and well past ready to go.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Bah, another short update.
