# Our Benefactor pt. 27

You approach Sayaka cautiously, scanning around the area for possible traps. If someone, or perhaps some*thing*, knew about Homura's timestop, then a simple tripwire wired to an explosive would be deadly effective. You push your Grief senses, trying to pick up everything that might be dangerous in the area.

Homura and Mami, ahead of you and close beside you, respectively. Sayaka, just there, with the malignant tumour of the Witch Kiss on her neck, and the Witch Barrier. A bit further away, and... you squint. It looks like it's set on the end of a half finished and abandoned building, resting near the tip of an exposed girder.

Mami follows the direction of your gaze and spots the Barrier, nodding at you. She frowns around the area, expression businesslike as she looks around the scene, eyes flicking across the area as she, too, scans for threats. She still sticks close to you, though.

Hmmm.

Homura stalks across the dusty road, reaching Sayaka first. She stops short, heels clicking on the pavement as she inspects the girl.

You join her, the three of you simply staring at Sayaka, trying to divine how this had happened - or at least, that's what *you're* trying to do. You probe the Witch Kiss with your senses, but... it seems to be more or less the same as the *last* Witch Kisses you'd looked at. Something that's practically a Familiar, something winding ephemeral tendrils of Grief *into* Sayaka.

Homura makes an annoyed sound in the back of her throat, and glances at you. "We should just kill the Witch. That will end the Kiss," she states.

"I think I can get rid of the Witch Kiss, actually," you say with a shake of your head.

The time traveller frowns dubiously, her mouth twisting into a grimace, but doesn't say anything more.

A thought strikes you, and you cock your head. "Hmm, actually..." you say, a frown flickering across your face. "Have you heard of potentials-" you tilt your head to indicate Sayaka, "-being Witch Kissed before?"

Homura blinks at you, expression unchanged. "Yes."

"Um," Mami says, looking at you. "Yes, girls with potential are n-normal people. Until they m-make their c-contract with..." She breaks off the sentence, swallowing and eyes dipping towards the floor.

"Ah," you say. "That makes sense. Thanks, Homura, Mami." You smile at them, and capture Mami's hand, giving it a quick squeeze of reassurance and silent thanks. She looks up at you, giving you a wavering smile.

You nod at Mami. "Alright, then," you say. "I think I can do this, so..." You let go of Mami's hand. You crack your knuckles, using the pause to mentally prepare for this. It shouldn't be any different from melting a Familiar, but you want to be focused for this, after all. Centered, and focused, you reach out a hand towards Sayaka.

Mami interrupts you. "Sabrina, w-wait," she says. "A-are you..."

She trails off, looking down at the floor.

You lower your hand, looking over at Mami. "What is it, Mami?" Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Homura frowning at Mami, then at you.

"N-no," she says. "Never mind."

"Mami..." you say, reaching out to take her hand gently. "What is it?"

Her eyes follow your arm up to your face, her golden eyes huge and worried. "I-I. I'm sure y-you can do it, Sabrina, but..." Mami swallows hard. "A-are you... sure? That it's s-safe?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Oh.
