# Our Benefactor pt. 29

You turn around, looking back down the path. Ethereal, gleaming trails of vapour arc out, forming interlocking fans of lethal firepower captured in the frozen grasp of the timestop. Behind you, a gentle shower of grenades on the cusp of detonation, as well as Mami's Tiro Finale shot stand poised to slam into Elsa Maria.

"Maybe we should back up a little? Just in case?" you murmur. "It couldn't hurt to have a little more time to react to things."

"Good idea," Mami agrees, starting to back away from the kneeling figure of Elsa Maria.

Homura doesn't respond verbally, simply walking away from the Witch, apparently unconcerned.

The stygian darkness of the ground continues to moan under your feet, unintelligible almost-words in a low, constant mutter as the three of you gain some distance from the Witch. You pick your way around the smoky grey lines sketched through the air by the passage of the fanning arcs of firepower.

"By the way, um," you say. "Did anyone hear... a *voice* when you came into the Barrier?"

Mami blinks. "Umm. Do you mean the..." she indicates the ground.

"No, I *do* mean a voice-voice," you say, frowning. What *was* it? You have the distinct impression someone asked you who you were, but you're not entirely *sure* what that was...

Then again, you're not even sure you're able to answer that question, in all honesty.

Mami shakes her head. "No, I didn't," she says.

"Hmm. Homura?" You glance over at the time traveller.

She shakes her head, a frown that mirrors your own crossing her face. "Nothing beyond the Barrier."

"Is something wrong, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

You grimace. "No, I must've imagined it. Probably just the Barrier," you say, tapping a foot against the ground.

Mami doesn't look entirely convinced, giving you a concerned look. You smile at her, shaking your head. She gives you a weak smile in response.

"OK, Homura," you say. "Go for it, I think?" Elsa Maria's still within your range, and you focus, reaching out with metaphorical fingers and ready to rip into the body of the Witch.

Mami tenses, drawing one more musket from her chest, and holds it tightly to herself in readiness. Homura nods, and reaches for her shield. She cranks it across with a sharp jerk and a humming of gears.

*Hundreds* of bullets and musket balls slam home simultaneously. The *roar* of noise runs together, a cacaphonous sledgehammer of sound smashed against your ears. Familiars explode, torn and shredded by the rivers of precisely placed firepower. A staccato series of dull *whumps* are Homura's grenades.

Mami's Tiro Finale crashes into Elsa Maria, the impact more *felt* than *heard*. The Witch is smashed to the ground, seemingly rooted on the spot but pounded into the floor by the enormous impact and shredded by shrapnel.

You reach out with your powers for the nightmare figure of the Witch, tearing at the Grief. You *pull*, and the figure shivers, deforming and melting away in wispy, guttering flickers. Grief pours into the air, the figure practically sublimating, and Elsa Maria *shrieks*, thrashing weakly.

Elsa Maria dies.

The monstrance, once more a vivid crimson, shatters with a sharp crack. The ground shudders beneath your feet, and the Barrier starts to waver. The monochrome landscape shimmers like a mirage, stark blacks and whites bleeding away.

You let the Grief of Elsa Maria go. It drains away, swirling down to a single point as the Barrier fades. There's a quiet ping, just audible over the dying echoes of *noise*, and the Grief Seed drops to the floor.

Falling. You find yourself falling again as the abyssal ground fades away to nothing. Mami and Homura are falling beside you, an-

A ribbon snaps around your waist.

Your fall shifts into a smooth swing, and that building's coming up awfully fast and you grab the ribbon and *twist* midair. You slam feetfirst into the wall, as if you're doing a particularly energetic bout of abseiling. A quick glance about shows that Mami's just a little bit above you, looking down at you in concern, and Homura's somehow managed to land safely on a girder.

"I'm OK," you call to Mami with a smile.

She nods shakily, and begins letting herself down. You feel your ribbon extending too, and you let yourself slip down the wall slowly. A quick scan of the area, just to be sure... there's nothing in the area. Or nothing new, anyway. You can sense Sayaka in the distance, the bindings around her glowing with magic.

Homura's waiting for you when you get to the ground, Grief Seed in hand.

"Hey," you say, smiling at her. "Good hunt."

She nods slightly.

Mami nods. "It was, though it was a little... odd," she says.

A flicker of something, too fast to see, crosses Homura's face, and she nods again at Mami.

"Anyway, cleansing, everyone?" you ask, already raising a hand. "And um, may I take the Seed?"

"Take it," Homura says, holding out her hand, presenting both her Soul Gem and the Grief Seed to you. Mami just smiles, and tilts her head towards you.

You take the Seed from Homura with a quick smile, and you flex your will slightly to pull the Grief free from Mami and Homura's Soul Gems. You cleanse your own as an afterthought, crushing all the Grief down to your usual marbles and tucking them away into your bag, and you smile around at them.

"Ah... we should probably check on Sayaka," Mami says. "She's probably awake, by now."

"Yeah, let's go," you agree, turning to head in that direction.

Homura follows, frowning. "It's strange that Miki Sayaka was the only one Kissed by the Witch," she notes quietly.

"Hmm?" you say, glancing back at her.

"That's... true," Mami says, looking thoughtful. "Witches usually Kiss their victims in groups."

"Hey! Is someone there? Mami? Sabrina?" Sayaka's voice bounces off the derelict buildings, cutting off any response you might have made.

You break out into a jog, Mami and Homura just a hair behind, and you round the corner to find Sayaka very much awake, and struggling hard against the ribbon bindings. She's still in the lee of the wall, and she's lying face up - she can't see you yet.

"We're here!" you call.

"Sabrina?" Sayaka relaxes slightly, her struggles stilling. "W-what's going on?"

Mami flicks her fingers at Sayaka, and the ribbons fall away from her. Sayaka immediately twists free, and struggles to a sitting position before you reach her. "W-what's going on? Where am I?" She looks around frantically, before her eyes settle on you.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Well, then.
