# Our Benefactor pt. 30

You extend your hand towards Sayaka. "Hey. It's OK, Sayaka," you say. Absently, you check her for any residual Grief. Better safe than sorry and all, you suppose, and really, it can't hurt to be *absolutely* sure, for something like this. To your immense relief, she seems clear, to the best of your ability to tell.

Sayaka stares at your hand, eyebrows bunching. "W-what happened?" Hesitantly, she takes your hand, and she struggles to her feet with a little help.

Mami crowds in, looking at Sayaka. "Are you hurt, Sayaka?"

"N-no. Sore, but I-" Sayaka says, looking more confused by the moment. She rolls her shoulder, a wince flickering across her face. "I- why was I tied up?"

"You were influenced by a Witch," Mami says, biting her lip. "I'm sorry about the bindings, but we had to keep you safe."

"Influenced by a *Witch?*" Sayaka asks. Panic crosses her face, her eyes darting about, taking in the desolate industrial area. "I-it's-"

"Sayaka." You cut her off firmly. "It's OK. We got a warning, and we killed the Witch, so it's fine, now. Everything's fine, Sayaka."

"Nnngh-" Sayaka shudders, rubbing her forearms with her hands as if cold. "D-did I do anything?"

"No," you say gently, grabbing her gently by the shoulders and forcing her to look at you and meet your eyes. "You didn't do anything, and it's *fine*, Sayaka, we've got you. The Witch is dead, and you're fine."

"I-" Sayaka shakes herself, seeming to calm down a little. "Y-yeah... B-but what *happened*?"

"You were Kissed by a Witch," Mami says. "They can do that, and... draw people to them. It's part of how they hunt."

You release Sayaka and step back to let Sayaka talk to Mami. She'd probably do a better job at this, you figure. Out of the corner of your eye, you see Homura step out of line of sight from Sayaka and Mami, and she *flickers* slightly, snapping to the side.

"A Kiss?" Sayaka echoes. "I... I don't remember that."

Mami nods, smiling reassuringly. "It's to be expected that you might be a little confused, but you'll be alright after a while."

"Y-yeah," Sayaka says. "Yeah, OK. Are... when did this happen?"

"We don't know," Mami says with a quick shake of her head. She glances at you.

You shrug. "Hmm... what *do* you remember, Sayaka?"

Sayaka opens her mouth, and then closes it, frowning. "I was at home, about to ea-" Her eyes widen, and she sucks in a sharp breath. "My parents! Did the Witc-"

"No!" you say, almost in stereo with Mami. You glance at her, and she tilts her head towards you. "No, they're *fine*, Sayaka, we checked in on them!"

"I- you're *sure*?" It's Sayaka's turn to grab *you* by the shoulders, her eyes wide and panicked.

"Yeah, I am, Sayaka," you say. "They're fine. You're fine. Though we uh... kinda had to break into your home while looking for you. We locked up after leaving!" you reassure her hurriedly.

Sayaka seems to realize what she's doing and releases you, lurching back a step. Her shoulders slump, mouth twisted into a grimace. "Oh. Yeah, OK."

"They were sleeping when we looked in," you say. "Um. Is it normal for them to turn in this early?"

A frown flickers across her face. "N-no. They were sleeping? It's... what, six?"

You shrug. "About."

"N-no," she says, expression worried and... *frightened* again. "It's not." Her hands open and close jerkily, her fingers flexing. "I... think I want to go h-home," she mutters.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Ouch. You OK there, Sayaka?
