# Our Benefactor pt. 31

"Yeah," you say quietly, glancing at Mami. Mami nods at you in silent agreement, while Homura looks as remote as always, expression utterly neutral. "Yeah, that's a good idea. Let's get you home."

At your will, Grief sweeps around you in a short lived whirlpool, draining away from dissolving spheres and building into a pane of Grief hovering above the ground. "C'mon," you say, sitting down. Mami sits beside you, reaching out to claim one of your arms and hug it close, leaning against your shoulder.

Sayaka drops onto the carpet on your other side, while Homura steps daintily around to sit behind you. Another effort of will lifts the carpet into the air, taking off at as high a speed as you're willing to push it with Sayaka on board. Then onrushing wind whips your hair about - don't really want to raise a windshield, not with Mami in the state she's in.

You're vaguely glad Homura's sitting behind you, rather than in front. Though... wouldn't the wind mess her hair up?

"*Sayaka,*" you say to the girl - telepathy, rather than speech, since you don't feel like shouting over the wind. "*Your parents should be just fine. We're going there to check right now, and make absolutely sure, OK?*"

"*Yeah,*" Sayaka says. She sounds *nervy*, anxious. Her eyes, like yours, are squinted against the wind, but they remain fixed on your destination, her apartment. "*Thanks, Sabrina.*"

"*Not a problem,*" you say. "*What're friends for?*"

"*Yeah, yeah,*" she says, flashing you a quick smirk, but her heart isn't in it, her gaze snapping forward again.

You nod. That's about as good as you'll get for now, you think. You turn your attention to Homura, just behind you. "*Homura?*" you pulse telepathically.

"*Yes?*" she replies. You can feel her gaze on your back.

You hesitate for a moment. "*Did you check on Madoka? Is she OK?*" You're all but absolutely certain she used her timestop for a jaunt, judging from that flicker earlier and the Grief suddenly present in her Soul Gem, and you're pretty sure that she wouldn't be *here* if there were anything wrong with Madoka, but it's nice to be sure.

Homura pauses for a moment before responding. "*Yes, I did. She's safe.*"

You nod slightly to yourself, careful not to disturb Mami. "*Good,*" you say emphatically. "*Do you want a cleanse?*"

"*Yes, I would,*" she says.

You don't really need to look at her to do anything. A sliver of attention drains the Grief from her Soul Gem, and you meld the effluence into the material of the carpet with barely more effort.

"*There!*" Sayaka says, pointing. A little needlessly, but then again...

You begin to slow to a stop, dropping smoothly onto the roof of the building. The carpet dissolves underneath you to leave the four of you on the rooftop, and Sayaka takes off as soon as her feet touch down. She heads for the fire escape, with the three of you following.

You stay close to Mami, giving her a quick smile as you head down the stairs.

Sayaka's fumbling in her pockets long before she actually reaches her door, before stopping short and patting herself down with increasing degrees of franticness.

"Is there something wrong, Sayaka?" Mami asks.

"I don't have my key," the bluenette says.

Homura sighs almost inaudibly, and brushes past you. She reaches for the door, touching a hand to the lock and concentrating for a moment. There's a small burst of purple light, and the lock clicks open. She steps aside, flicking her hair out in the same, smoothly elegant motion. The midnight black strands flow through her fingers like a-

You tear your eyes away from Homura's perfect coiffure, giving yourself a quick shake, and you step forward, catching the door *just* before it bangs shut. Sayaka's already rushed into the apartment, calling out. "Mama? Papa?"

Silence.

"Mama? Papa!" Sayaka calls out again, hysteria edging in her voice.

You're already sprinting for the master bedroom, Mami right beside you, when-

"Hmrfssssayaka?" A sleepy voice responds. You recognize the voice - Kenji, Sayaka's father.

"Papa! Mama!" You slow to a stop before entering the bedroom. There's a loud *oof* and the distinctive sound of a bed being jumped on - bedsheets and springs.

"Something wrong, dear?" A woman's voice, Miho.

You back away a step from the open door, exchanging a look with Mami. She shakes her head slightly, tilting her head towards the door, and over her shoulder, you can see that Homura's already headed back out.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Oh. All that paranoia was for nothing, was it?
