# Our Benefactor pt. 32

Homura pauses at the door, looking back towards you. You respond with a quick nod, before glancing at Mami and tipping your head at the door. She flashes you a quick smile and starts heading out.

You give the Miki apartment one last once over, visually and with your Grief senses, making sure that there's nothing obviously out of place. You make sure to keep an extra sharp eye out for any *feathers,* which, other than a rather garish painting of a... you think that's a Bird of Paradise of some kind... you don't see any, nor do you sense anything unusual.

"*Hey, Sayaka,*" you say telepathically as you start to head out. "*I don't sense anything wrong, so... We're headed out, OK?*"

"*Hm? Damn it, I don't - yeah, OK,*" Sayaka replies, mental voice distracted.

"*Alright, see you,*" you say, joining Homura and Mami outside the door.

Homura pushes the door shut and locks it with another purple flare of magic, before turning to leave.

"Hey, Homura, wait a moment?" you say.

She stops, pivoting to face you.

Giving her and Mami both a quick smile, one returned in more force by Mami, you reach out telepathically, including both of your friends. "*Oriko?*"

Homura's expression flattens out, and her eyes harden.

"*Miki Sayaka is not going to be attacked by a Witch,*" the seer replies immediately.

You frown. "*That's oddly specific.*"

"*I... dislike absolutely statements. For example, she might be run over by a bus tomorrow, though that is exceedingly unlikely,*" Oriko says tartly.

You roll your eyes at Mami, but she just makes a confused expression at you, and shuffles two steps closer to your side. You smile at her, and continue talking to Oriko. "*And Sayaka's family?*"

"*Similarly,*" Oriko says. "*Relative safety, that is, not the bus.*"

"*Good enough,*" you say. "Mami, Homura?" you prompt out loud, looking at both of them.

They shake their heads.

"*Alright. Oriko, anything else?*" you ask.

The seer hesitates for a moment. "*No, that's it.*"

"*Alright. Thank you for the warning, and... Bye, then,*" you say, with a nod.

"*Good bye,*" Oriko murmurs.

You cut the connection, and look at your friends again, smiling. "Hey. I think we did well today. You especially, Homura," you say, giving her an extra broad smile. "Thank you. Things could have gone much worse without your help."

Homura nods slowly. Her jaw works silently as if she's working up the nerve to say something, her eyes flickering back to the closed door. After a moment, she glances at Mami and turns away.

"Hey," you say softly, exchanging a mystified look with Mami. You slip an arm around Mami's waist, pulling her into a quick, sideways hug, and hesitate for a moment, before reaching out and touching Homura lightly on the shoulder. "Is there something wrong, Homura?"

Another long pause.

"Yes," Homura says, still facing away. "That shouldn't have happened." She glances back over her shoulder at you, tilting her head to do so.

Mami frowns unhappily. "It's... strange. Especially if Miss Mikuni is telling the truth."

Homura's eyes narrow.

Mami catches the expression. "I don't trust her either, but... she gave us good information. Um, Sabrina?" She looks up from your shoulder.

You shake your head. What *do* you think of her? Some part of you instinctively wants to trust her, but... you *do* have a bit of an issue with wanting to trust *everyone*. And sometimes, you still wonder if she's really on the same side as you are.

Still. Mami's giving you an expectant look, and Homura's turned to face you fully, amethyst eyes wary and tired. There's a hint of expectation in her eyes, too.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Spoiler: Holding in abeyance

\[x] Ask Mami if Homura could join us for dinner tonight.
-\[x] Don't push for it if Homura and/or Mami decline though.
\[x] Go home. Clean up the mess you made earlier and help prepare dinner.
-\[x] Also tea.
