# Our Benefactor pt. 33

You glance from Homura, to Mami, and then back again. Thoughts cascade through your mind, and you're fairly sure that Mami, at least, picks it up from the way she cuddles into your side. You press your lips together, flip-flopping for a moment, trying to decide how much, and *how* to tell Homura...

You blow out a hard sigh. "Mami, Homura, could we speak more *privately*?" You hold Homura's eyes for a moment, and then deliberately let your eyes drift down to the shield on her arm.

The time traveller nods imperceptibly, glancing at Mami, who in turn glances at you. You nod too, and Mami holds one hand out, golden ribbon spooling out from her palm to curl around Homura. You keep your arm around Mami in that half hug, giving her a quick, grateful smile.

Homura waits for the ribbon to secure itself before cranking her shield sharply with a whir of clockwork.

The smartly modern buildings of the apartment blocks around you shade to ashen monotone. Sullen hues of grey wash across the world, sound and colour leached away by Homuras power. Your breaths are suddenly terribly loud in your ears, and you can hear every rustle of cloth that accompanies your motions.

It's nothing *novel* to you, not now, but it's still... off-putting. A little unsettling.

You close your eyes, and exhale slowly again. "OK. Yes," you say, nodding slowly. You fumble for the right words, the right thing to say to placate Homura and Mami. "Things are... *definitely* not right. I agree, it *shouldn't* have happened - but at least Sayaka's OK."

Homura's face twists into what would be a scowl on a lesser person. "This entire situation *can't* have happened."

With your eyes fixed on Homura, you *feel*, more than you *see*, Mami nod, her hair brushing against your shoulder. "I... agree," she says. "This is very unusual."

You wave your free hand in irritation. "I know, I know - the Witch shouldn't have *just* targeted Sayaka like that. And yes, Oriko gave us good information, but it's also clear that she has no real idea what *caused* the attack."

With your attention mostly fixed on Homura, you see the flash of irritation wash across her face before she wipes it back to a disapproving mask, her weight settling on her back foot.

"I..." you sigh again, reaching up to tuck a stray lock of hair behind your ear. "Homura, Mami, the three of us, this *team*, need to figure this out. It *seems* to me that Sayaka was specifically targeted by the Witch, and... even ignoring Oriko, something unknown to us might have directed this attack."

Homura twitches, her hands clenching into white-knuckled fists. "Kyuubey," she hisses.

Mami flinches. You hug her, giving her an encouraging smile. She returns a wan, trembling smile.

"He... *it* could have done it," you allow. "But there's something else."

You *know* which sphere of Grief the feather's in, and you summon it over with a moment's attention, catching it in your free hand. You bring it smoothly froward, presenting it to Homura and Mami. A line splits the featureless, midnight purple surface, and it parts to reveal the Feather, long pinioned and matte black.[
](<http://Who is dreaming?>)
Both Mami and Homura look at the Feather uncomprehendingly. A frown etches itself onto Homura's face.

"I made a Barrier, maybe an hour or so ago," you say, hugging Mami in silent apology. "When I dissolved it... this appeared. And maybe half an hour later, Oriko called me about the Witch. The timing matches up."

Mami frowns. "You think that this... had s-something to do with the Witch?"

"I don't know," you say. "I honestly have no idea. The only things I have to go on are that the timing matches, and that, well. Um. Oriko mentioned *feathers* blocking her visions before."

"Do your powers have anything to do with this?" Homura asks, voice quiet. Her weight shifts again, balanced, hands hanging loosely at her side. She's not exactly tense, but... something about the set of her shoulders suggests *worry*.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Spoiler: Holding in abeyance

\[X] Homura... I've given some thought to what we talked about yesterday.
\-\[X] I know I'm not the most sensible person when it comes to being trusting. So I'm relying on you - both of you - to watch out for me or reign me in. Like you tried to do yesterday. So, thank you for that, and I'm sorry I made you worry.
\-\[X] Oriko gave us useful information today, but you're right that I shouldn't rely on her information to always be good. I know I like to think the best of everyone, but Oriko has been mistaken, can withhold information, or influence me towards plans she doesn't disclose.
\-\[X] I mean, there's a difference between thinking, and trusting, that she won't do anything dangerous again. It's going to take a lot of solid proof to make up that difference. I hope we get that, but I understand your skepticism.
\-\[X] I guess what I'm saying is, treat her as only one potential source. Doublecheck any information she gives us, while staying alert for omissions or hidden agendas.
\[X] If what we said seems ok, then:
\-\[X] Apologize for not having the sense to just say that yesterday. Reiterate that despite all the things we take on, we'll always be her friend and ally first. Hug Mami closer so she understands she's included in that statement.
