# Our Benefactor pt. 34

You choke back your instinctive apology, swallowing hard.

"It can't be," Mami blurts out. "It isn't. Right, Sabrina?" She turns a pleading look on you.

Homura's gaze remains fixed on you, amethyst eyes fixed steadily on you. Her breaths come slow and measured, and her stance is carefully neutral.

You shake your head slowly. "It doesn't *feel* like my powers," you say, holding the feather up for them to see.

Mami reaches a hand out, stretching across you, and hesitates a moment. "S-Sabrina? May I?"

"Sure," you say, handing it over to Mami.

She takes the feather and raises it to her eye level, the slightest tremor betraying her discomfort. After a moment of intense scrutiny, she speaks again, voice soft. "It... seems normal to me." She holds the feather out to Homura with a small, hopeful smile.

The time traveller's eyes flick down to the feather for a moment, before returning to regarding you in stony silence. She shakes her head, and Mami's smile fades, the hand holding the feather dropping back to her side.

You force yourself to straighten and meet Homura's eyes, clear blue against faded, tired lilac. Splashes of colour in a drained world. "I don't think it's my powers or I, Homura. It... Remember I mentioned at lunch, that I made a Barrier? I made the same Barrier, and in the same way, earlier this morning, and I didn't encounter anything unexpected."

A flicker of a frown, chased by realisation washes across Mami's face, and she nods encouragingly at you.

You continue. "But... Homura, Mami, I... In any case, no more Barriers. Not until I find out what all these *feathers* are about."

"M-maybe..." Mami starts to say something, before trailing off with a sharp shake of her head.

"Mami?" you ask, giving her a quick hug and an encouraging smile.

She takes a deep breath, looking up at you. "Maybe it's something like a lightning rod? When y-you make a Barrier, some... Witch powers are, are, drawn in, s-somehow? L-like calls to like?"

Homura's attention shifts to Mami. Neutral, silent, barely moving. Almost a statue, for all the emotion she's displaying, and nearly as still as everything in the frozen world of the timestop.

Mami notices, frowning at Homura. "I... don't you think so, Homura? S-Sabrina?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

An interesting suggestion, but a short update.
