# Our Benefactor pt. 35

You watch Homura for a moment, waiting to see if she says anything. The cold silence of the timestop seems to press in, the oppressive *deadness* making you feel queasy. Your stomach's a worried ball of disquiet, your shoulders a tense mass of knots.

*Are* you responsible for all this?

Homura shifts a hair, her head swivelling just far enough to return her intense scrutiny to you. Her hands still hang loosely at her sides, and she makes no further moves, simply watching you.

You force yourself to meet her eyes, searching her expression for any clue of what she might be thinking. The cold ball of fear sitting in your gut whispers that she's starting to doubt you. That she's starting to close herself off again. And some traitorous part of your mind wonders if she'd be *wrong* to.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks again, voice trembling.

You sigh, looking away from Homura with a grimace. "It's plausible," you allow. "But it's not something I can really test. If you're right..." Your mind eagerly supplies you with all the attendant implications, not a single one of them reassuring.

"I..." You swipe at your face tiredly, closing your eyes and pressing your fingers against your eyelids for a long moment. Mami cuddles into your side, giving you a hug, and you force yourself to think.

"OK," you say, eyes still closed. "OK. If you're right, that's... more than a little concerning. And it's difficult to prove without making the Barrier and risking it all over again."

Mami nods against your side, still hugging you closely. You open your eyes, looking at Homura, but she doesn't seem to have reacted much to that, either. Violet eyes remain fixed on you, and you find it hard to meet that stare.

Your eyes drop away from Homura's again, slipping to the spidery shadows scrawled across the ground by the gloom of the timestop. "I... OK," you say reluctantly. In case you're right, Mami, then... I simply won't make any more Barriers. No Barrier, no lightning rod, and no feathers. No Witches where they shouldn't be." You press your lips together, swallowing. You're not sure whether this will *work*, and whether you might've given up something *crucial*.

Homura nods. The motion's barely perceptible, the barest dip of her head by a minuscule sliver of a centimetre, but... it's something.

And you know what's *important*.

Don't you?

You press your lips together, and nod decisively. "Yeah. Until we know more, that's the best way to protect our friends," you say. "I'm not going to let this be my fault. I'm *not*. I'm going to keep my friends safe no matter *what*." You blow out a hard breath. "And if it's something else... well, I'll find it, and stop it."

"I'll help," Mami says immediately, hugging you tightly. "I-I will."

"Thanks, Mami," you say softly. You suppress a shiver, and raise your free hand to your Soul Gem. Touching a finger to the silvery-white Gem, you draw away a thick streamer of Grief, letting it pour away to form a sphere. "I... Mami? Homura? Do you need cleanses?"

Mami shakes her head. "Not really," she demurs. For a wonder, her Soul Gem's fairly clean, so you let that pass.

Homura watches you for a long moment, violet eyes remote, before her shoulders slump. Her gaze drops from yours, and she raises her right hand towards you to present the amethyst Soul Gem afixed there to you.

You cleanse her Soul Gem with a thought and a small gesture, drawing away the frothing cloud of darkness. "Homura?" you ask. "I... what do you think?"

She raises eyes to meet yours again, but not for long - her gaze slides off yours to rest somewhere on your nose. She looks uncertain, her jaw clenching and unclenching silently as she lowers her hand.

She exhales slowly.

"I..." she starts, before trailing off into silence, her eyes sliding away from your face. She looks around herself, one hand rising, and hesitating over the ribbon at her waist. "I don't know." Her eyes widen as the words pass her lips, almost *surprised*, and she flinches backwards.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Huh. How odd.
