# Residue Processing pt. 1

It's time.

*Shopping* time! With Homura! Time to go and *acquire* metric tons of firepower and other miscellaneous equipment!

You *try* to smother the grin rising to your face, you really do. You *try* to keep a dignified facade up, to match the gravity of the situaton. You might be robbing unsuspecting JSDF soldiers who would get unfairly court martialed... *or* you might be robbing reprehensible scum of the earth. Like yakuza!

... you don't exactly succeed, and settle for hiding the face-splitting grin with a hand. "Yes!" you squeak, voice slightly muffled.

Homura looks at you, expression faintly nonplussed, before nodding.

"Where're we going?" you ask eagerly, lowering your hand to grin at Homura.

"There's a *Yamiguchi-gumi* base downtown," Homura answers.

*Yes.* Them you can rob happily. It's not like they're anything like their romanticised anime counterparts, anyway. True enough that the yakuza tend to disdain petty crime, but the big things... drugs, humans, and guns. And stock market manipulation and gambling, of course. Reason enough that you won't feel guilty about relieving them of some of their equipment.

"Sabrina?" Homura asks, peering at you.

"Hm? Oh, sorry," you say, turning a fraction of your attention to reclaiming your Grief from the instruments. "Let's go!"

Homura nods, withdrawing a fat reel of cord from her shield and offering it to you. It's a little tricky for you to get it tied around your waist without breaking contact with her, but you manage. Homura inspects her handiwork, testing the cord around her waist before walking over to the window and brushing aside the curtains.

She hops out, leaping for the far roof, and you follow close behind her, the cord not letting you stray too far. Absently, you pull on the Grief you'd left on the rooftops - you don't have your sling bag with you this time. The planetoids of Grief drift silently through the air as you leap through the air, the cord tugging at your waist.

"Hey, Homura!" you call. You hardly have to raise your voice to be heard. Without the traffic, the sirens, the rumble of people on the streets... without the *pulse* of Mitakihara City, your voice carries easily.

Still, the dead silence of the timestop's hardly enough to dampen the grin still fixed on your face.

Homura stops on the roof as you land behind her, the cord slapping down a moment later. She gives you an inquiring look.

"I think I'll fly us there?" you suggest. "The string makes things a little tricky." You tug on the cord in question demonstratively.

She shrugs.

You take that as permission, and a thought weaves Grief into a carpet before you. One long step, and you plonk yourself comfortably down on it, crossing your legs. Homura seats herself more sedately beside you, tucking your feet in, and you smile.

"Alright!" you say happily. "Here we go, then. You'll have to give me directions, Homura." A small effort of will lifts the carpet into the air, skimming slowly over the rooftops. You glance back, confirming with your eyes what you already know - your Grief spheres are following you, a dark cloud of small spheres massing behind.

"West," Homura murmurs, pointing.

You adjust your course with a thought, swinging in that direction, and the flight continues in relative silence. You're hardly able to repress your grin, though.

You quickly reach your destination, directed by Homura, a rather respectable-looking building in a slightly more run down area. It looks well maintained by comparison, clean paint and windows that are, if not sparkling, then significantly less grimy than those of the building's neighbours. Unsurprising, you suppose. There's a few tatooed men, lean and rather scruffy looking, leaning against the wall beside the door. Smoke from their cigarettes form little plumes, trapped in the timestop.

Homura hops off the carpet as you coast to a halt right in front of the building and marches boldly up to the door, a purple burst of magic unlocking it with a click. She glances back at you, her expression... curious, and worried, and questioning.

You beam at her, trying to put reassurance into the smile. Homura regards you for a long moment in silence, before she shakes her head, pushing the door open and heading inside. You follow, the carpet unravelling back into loose Grief as you head in.

The door opens right up into a reception area of sorts. A fish tank sits right in front of the door, a few plush leather couches arranged around a small glass table. A wooden desk, occupied by a lean, harsh looking man, sits by the far wall.

Homura ignores all this, heading down a flight of stairs into the basement and unlocking another door. You follow her in, and find something that looks more like a gym locker room, lit from above by bare fluorescent tubes. Rows of benches run down the middle of the room, a few more yakuza lounging in this room, each one lean and vicious looking. Your attention, however, is drawn to the heavy steel cages lining the walls, holding rack upon rack of guns.

Pistols, mainly. Some Desert Eagles, foreign import because of the fanciness in all likelihood. Berettas - 92FS, by the look of it. A few shotguns, a few assault rifles, no doubt smuggled in from outside the country. One machine gun, sitting in a place of honour in a cage all of its own, and a few cabinets presumably holding ammo for all the guns.

Your grin threatens to split your face in half.

"How do you do it?"

*That* draws you up short. You glance at Homura. "Hmm?"

"You know nearly everything," Homura says, violet eyes looking very tired.

"Yeah," you agree.

"How do you... stay so happy?" Homura asks, voice soft.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Here begins Book 2: Chapter 4: Residue Processing.
