# Residue Processing pt. 2

You blink at Homura, grin fading, and earlier delight chased away by a faint flush of dismay. Homura *definitely* knows how to ask the hard questions. You're not even entirely sure of things yourself, really.

You purse your lips for a moment, thoughts sleeting through your mind. She *needs* an answer, you think, and you feel that you owe it to her to give her something concrete. You give quick consideration to giving her an encouraging speech, and... it's not a bad idea. You kind of like the idea, but you're not entirely sure whether it'd really give the right impression.

Well...

"I... think it's at least partly an outsider's perspective," you say thoughtfully, mouth twisting as you consider your words. "I know a lot. I don't *know*. I didn't live through it, so I can just take the lessons and put them towards making this time *better*."

You pause in consideration, watching Homura. She, in turn, watches you, seeming to wait for you to go on.

"It's kind of unfair, really," you muse, looking away. "In a way... You and Mami and the rest of the girls have done most of the work already." You smile at Homura sheepishly, shrugging a little. "I stand on the shoulders of giants and all, I guess."

Homura shakes her head a little. Disappointment, maybe.

"Hey," you say softly, walking over to Homura. You're careful to keep the cord from tangling on anything, *especially* the frozen yakuza lounging around in the room. "Homura. It's... well, that's not all." You stop right in front of her, smiling.

She's so *small*. A touch taller than Madoka, true, but you're nearly half a head taller than she is. You hardly ever notice. She's always moving with *purpose*, tightly restrained, directed energy. Weary and battered, but always moving forward.

Now\... she just looks at you, tilting her head back a little to meet your eyes. You can see the fine worry lines etched around her eyes, on her forehead. History that never was, written on her face in delicate traceries of slowly deepening lines.

You take a deep breath, smiling. "I take happiness in the little things," you say softly. It's not like you need to speak loudly to be heard.

You spread your hands. "Meeting and getting to know people. I mean..." you tap a finger to the side of your head. "I knew Mami, Madoka, Sayaka, Hitomi... But I didn't *know* them." You tap yourself over the chest and meet her eyes. "Trite as it seems, I didn't know Akemi Homura until I met you. And I'm pleased to meet you."

"And all the other little things," you continue with a smile. "Exploring the city, finding new places... I found this old warehouse in the old industrial area that I've sort of adopted for experimenting. And that's another thing, just... messing around. Finding out things I didn't know."

You huff a sigh out. "The little things. It's... Yeah. The little things, and the people that I've come to care about," you say, smiling at Homura. *Including* Homura in the statement. "Cheesy as it sounds, but yeah. You guys all matter to me. And I can be happy that I'm helping."

Homura sighs, and nods. "I see," she says. "I don't..." Her lips compress together, gaze shifting around the room instead.

"Hey," you say. "It's... admittedly I have it a lot easier, since everything is new. I get up everyday with people to see and something different to do. And... the same's true for you, isn't it? People to see, and something different to do."

A faint glimmer of... something appears in Homura's eyes, her expression shifting. "Yes," she says, raising her chin a bit. You want to call it pride, but no. Rather call it *strength*, patient and just about as immovable as the mountains. Not indestructible. But the next best thing to it. You *know* what -or who- she fights for.

"That's the spirit," you say.

She nods. "Shall we continue?" she asks, gesturing around the room.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Mmmm.
