# Residue Processing pt. 5

That's not even a question for you, affirmation already rising to your lips. "Yeah," you say. A smile breaks out on your face. "Yeah, of course, Homura, but only if you're really alright with coming along."

Homura nods. "Yes, I am," she says, glancing back at you as she paces up the stairs. Neither of you are even really panting from the exertion.

"Great!" you say, smile broadening into a grin. "And... Homura, thank you. I really appreciate your help with all this."

She stops abruptly, one leg poised on the next step and head slightly bowed.

"Homura?" you ask, catching yourself just before you collide with her.

She exhales softly. "Thank *you*," she says in her even, quiet tone, without looking back at you.

You hop up to the same step as she's on, waiting patiently for her to meet you in the eyes. "Hey. Your indulging me on all this is plenty, Homura. So thank *you*."

She nods, breaking eye contact and starting up the stairs again. Your smile lingers, satisfied as you follow her. That's progress, you think. Slow, but... you're making progress, you think. Day by day. And hopefully you don't backslide more than you advance.

"Hm. Homura?" you say as you follow her up the stairs. "So I've dropped by to talk to Kyouko a few times, the past few days. It... well, I guess she seems to tolerate me?"

She picks up the implicit question, obviously thinking about it for a moment. She doesn't break stride, continuing up the stairs. "Dealing with Kyouko is... simple," Homura says with a shrug. "Don't lie to her. Or to yourself. Food helps, too."

"Yeah," you murmur, digesting that slowly. "Yeah, I can see that. And yes, I've been treating her to food."

Homura abruptly peels off from the staircase, heading out to the lobby. "This way."

Cool air, laden with faint traces of cigarette smoke, hits you in the face as step out of the stair lobby. The corridor Homura has led you out on is nicely carpeted, a few potted plants lining the sides, polished wooden doors in neat rows. It's virtually indistinguishable from a nice office, of which there is probably some witty social testimony to be made, but really. It's a nice office corridor, more or less.

Homura heads to the end of the corridor, and hesitates before unlock the door on her left. She pushes it open. She peers inside, before shaking her head. "Other door," she says, closing the door and heading over to the other.

Unlocking the door with another small flare of magic, she pushes it open and stepping inside. You look over her shoulder to see a burly man absolutely *covered* in coiling tattoos, visible thanks to the lack of shirt. He's kneeling on the floor,off to the side in front of a sword rack, apparently having just set down the gleaming... well, that *is* a katana.

Homura steps lightly around the yakuza, obviously headed for the enormous safe at the back of the room. The safe is a massive, freestanding affair that comes up to your *shoulder*, blocky and heavy steel bolted firmly to the ground and secured with two keyholes and a complex, three-layered dial.

Homura unlocks it with a touch and a faint purple shimmer of magic, pulling the safe door open to reveal... Piles of money. Literal *piles* of money in neatly stacked bundles. Every shelf but the lowermost one is filled with tightly bound stacks of ten thousand yen notes, one hundred to a stack, at a guess. And the lower shelf is filled with gold bars. Solid gold bars, about the size of your index and middle finger put together. More money than you've ever seen in your life, though admittedly that's not a high standard to clear.

"Well um," you say, blinking. "That's a lot of money."

A shrug somehow eloquently conveys the notion of 'well, what did you expect?'

"Well," you repeat yourself,staring blankly at the piles of yen notes. "Um. If it's alright, can I swipe some of this? You can take the rest, of course."

"Take as much as you want," Homura says with another shrug.

You summon another butler-blob of Grief to you. Moving carefully to avoid getting fingerprints anywhere, you scoop up a few stacks of notes and deposit them into the cavity shaped out of Grief. You hesitate, and grab a few of the gold bars too. If nothing else, you can use them as ammunition for your hypothetical Grief cannon.

You start talking again as you work. "So um, going back to the earlier topic, about Kyouko... I want to reconcile her and Mami. Do you have any advice for that?"

A faint frown appears on Homura's face. "That won't be easy," she says, mouth twisting into a grimace.

"I know," you grumble. You've been debating with yourself about that, whether to offer to bring Kyouko to the picinic this weekend or not. Which... well, why not outsource the decision? You purse your lips. "You know that picnic this weekend? I'm thinking about inviting Kyouko and Yuma, but that could potentially end... badly."

"It..." Homura considers this. "It will, most likely."

Your shoulders slump. "Yeah. Thought so," you say. One more bundle of allowance from Mom -you mean one more stack of *loot*- fills up the sphere nicely, so you seal it off. "I don't suppose you have any better advice for figuring out a way to reconcile them?"

Homura frowns, looking around the room. Her eyes settle on the katana, resting in its rack. "Why are you asking me?" she asks, eyes distant and pained.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Apologies. Had, have a crisis of sorts on my hands in meatspace.

Additionally, the next vote will *probably* bring you back to Mami's apartment so vote accordingly.
