# Residue Processing pt. 6

You sigh, letting your eyes drift, too. Inevitably, they find themselves drawn on the gleaming steel of the katana. "I'm... so very far from perfect. And most definitely not some kind of a miracle worker," you say softly, quirking a sour smile. Miracles *do* exist, don't they? How many might flow from your hand?

"I've made mistakes. A lot of them," you say. A glance over at Homura. You find lavender eyes, shadowed and pained, meeting yours, and you think you see a glimmer of understanding for that regret. "I'm only doing well because of the knowledge I have, and I haven't seen *every* one of the loops."

Homura sighs. "You've done better so much better than me," she whispers. "I..." She trails off with a sigh. "May I have a cleanse?" She lifts her left hand towards you, the motion listless, lacking her usual sharp, precise energy.

"Of course," you say. It only takes a moment of thought to draw the Grief from Homura's Soul Gem, and she straightens, watching as the frothing corruption seeps into the air in churning eddies. You draw the Grief into a little sphere, something about the size of your fist, before you send it zipping away to join the rest of your Grief.

"Thank you," Homura murmurs quietly, the tension in her body unwinding a touch. "I'm..." she trails of for a moment, before continuing more strongly. "I'm not sure if I can offer any more insight."

"Homura," you say gently. "I ask because I value your opinion, and this *is* rather important. Even what you just said? 'Don't lie to her. Or to yourself.' That *helps*, Homura. It's... an insight I didn't really have before. You might not think much of it, but it really does help. And..." You pause, and wait for her to look at you before smiling. "You're the only person that I can both trust and talk to about all of this, you know?"

She exhales slowly, her eyes closing for a moment. "They don't hate each other. Not really," she murmurs.

You swipe at your face. "Mmm. Yeah," you say, walking over to her. "And... you know, Homura, you're a better judge of character than you might think. You have the most experience of... well, anyone, really. amd I *do* want to know what you think of things. I admit, we may not always agree." You meet her eyes, and smile at her. "But I *do* value your opinions, and hey. We're partners in this, right? Getting all our friends through this."

Homura nods slowly, looking preoccupied with a thought. You take a step back, giving her space to thing. A moment later, she speaks again, hesitantly and slowly. "There's one way."

"Oh?" you ask, perking up. Maybe there's something you could learn here?

"Shared grief," Homura says, looking away from you. "Miki Sayaka, usually."

"I-" you blink at her. "Oh. You mean..." Sayaka died?

She nods.

"Ah. Yeah. Let's... not let that happen," you say, reaching up to tuck your hair behind your ear. "Um. I'm sorry for bringing up bad memories and making you uncomfortable. I... didn't mean to upset you."

Homura sighs. "It's alright."

In the silence that follows, you look back at the safe, and the little butler-blob of Grief you've packed full of cash and a few gold bars. You've got plenty here, honestly, and you're really not terribly sure what you're going to do with those gold bars - maybe literally throw one at Kyouko to see what happens. That being the case...

"I think I've got enough here," you say, sealing up the sphere of money and sending it away. "Homura? Do you need any? If not, I'm going to destroy the rest, too."

"No, I have plenty," she says with a shake of her head that sets her hair swishing behind her.

Concentration, a bare touch of it, has Grief swinging in, already blazing as luridly bright flame. You debate for a moment with yourself between the pros and cons of simply slagging the entire safe. All things considered, it isn't a bigger stunt than melting all their drugs. Or...

Your eyes sli*iiiiide* across to the katana, gleaming steel bright in defiance of the colour draining timestop. That *is* a nice katana...

You turn away from the safe, Grief fire set free from merely burning the contents of the safe and starting to spread hungrily across the entire monolithic slab of metal behind you.

"Oh, Ho*mura\~*?" you lilt, stopping in front of the rack. You can *feel* the grin splitting your face. You glance at the yakuza thug -well, he's probably the local boss or something, but still a thug- before dismissing him. "Do you still have that mop?"

"The *mop*?" Homura asks, blinking at you before following your eyes to the katana. "The *mop*."

"The mop," you grin.

Homura shakes her head slowly, before reaching into her shield to produce said cleaning implement. You grin, taking it from her, and then snatching the katana from the rack and dropping the mop in its place. No, wait, you can do better than that - and you *do* need to remove fingerprints and stuff, anyway. You grab the mop again - this time, with Grief.

Grief whips across the surface of the mop, incredibly fine blades sandblasting across it in a blurring storm. To your eyes, it looks like a churning haze of deep purple surrounding the mop handle. But you can feel every single blade in your Grief senses, dancing and slicing and *polishing* at your direction.

The mop drops back to the rack, handle now gleaming, marred by the ratty head of string. Can't exatly do anything about that, though.

You take a step back, inspecting your handiwork and swishing the katana idly through the air.

A glance aside at Homura, who's looking... well, more than a little perplexed.

You thrust both arms out at the rack, and the frozen tableau of the yakuza, still solemnly kneeling in front of the mop. The katana barely misses scraping against the ceiling. "Eh? Eh?" you grin.

Homura stares, before shaking her head slowly. Her lips are quirked in a tiny, tiny smile of amusement, and you cheer silently at getting *amusement* out of Homura. Your own grin only broadens, and you laugh, twirling on the spot with your arms outstretched.

A hand catches your wrist, arresting your turn. "Watch the katana," Homura says, the smile still on her face.

"Heh," you chuckle. "Thanks."

She nods. "Are you going to keep that?" she asks.

You look at it. "I suppose so," you say, grinning. Moving slowly, you sheathe it at your hip - you're almsot certainly making a horrible mess of the proper forms, but oh well. Another sphere of Grief arrives, shaping itself into a long tube as a makeshift scabbard.

... Sakura's weapon is a katana, doesn't she?

You discard that thought, smiling at Homura. "So, anything left?"

She shakes her head. "That's all, I think."

"Then... shall we go?" you suggest.

"Yes," Homura agrees, starting for the door.

"Hey, Homura?" you say, a thought occuring to you as you step out of the room, reclaiming the Grief that melted the safe into so much glowing slag on the floor. "I meant to ask this earlier, but I forgot to - do you know where t find Sasa? For tomorrow, you know."

"No, I don't," she says. "I know roughly where she might be, but not where she lives."

"Ah. That works, too," you say.

A few minutes later, you're headed back home via Grief carpet. Your loot follows behind you, hidden away in the planetarium of Grief, and Homura's sitting beside you. She lets her legs dangle off the edge of the carpet, swinging idly in the air. "... Hey. Homura."

"Yes?" she says, glancing at you.

You smile at her. "Thanks for letting me come along. It was... really quite nice, spending time with you."

She glances at you, her expression more unguarded than you've seen with her awake. "Thank you for coming," she murmurs softly.

"Yeah. And... I'll be happy to tag along anytime you want, OK?" you add.

She nods again.

You let the conversation lapse for a while as you, speeding through the chill air of the timestop and watching the shrouded city roll by beneath you. It's always kind of cold in the timestop, you notice. Probably just an artifact of the magic, really.

"Say, Homura?" you say, breaking the silence again. "Was there anything odd about Elsa Maria's Barrier? That last Witch, I mean."

She frowns at you. "You asked me earlier."

"Yeah, I know, just..." You purse your lips. "There was... something odd. It almost seemed like someone was asking me who I was."

Homura's frown deepens, her earlier good mood fading. "That's not..."

"I know," you say with a grimace, leaning back on your hands, propped out behind you. "It's weird. And very worrying."

"Can you talk to Witches?" Homura asks. "If not, could it be the 'feather'?"

"I don't know," you say. "Talking to Witches... the last time I really tried anything close to that, the Witch metaphorically stabbed me in the brain with Grief. That was Hildegarde." You pull the clear Grief Seed from your pocket by way of demonstration.

"I see," Homura says, eyeing the Grief Seed in your hand. She shakes her head. "I didn't notice anything unusual about the Witch."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Spoiler: Terrible pun I thought of and feel the need to share

Sayaka is a *mer*guca. Or, you know, will be. Whatever. Also I googled this and to my immense surprise, there are *no* results.
