# Residue Processing pt. 7

You frown, not terribly sure what to say to that. You're... *quite* sure you heard something, yes, though 'heard' might not be the best word. And yet, no one *else* even seems to have noticed. Homura *did* look askance at the ground in Elsa Maria's Barrier, but... apparently she considered that nothing out of the ordinary. Was *that* normal, then? But then what was that voice?

"Sabrina?" Homura's looking at you, faint worry in her eyes.

"No... I'm just thinking," you say. You sigh. Probably best not to continue asking - you've already asked twice, after all. "I'm kind of worried about the voice." You rub wearily at your forehead with a knuckle. "I suppose I'll let you know if it happens again? I mean, I'll be the first to admit that there's not much to go on here, but it does kind of worry me."

Homura bobs her head quickly in agreement. "Noted. This..." She thinks for a moment, her amethyst eyes distant and worried. "Do you..." She trails off, looking out over the city and grimacing.

"Hmm, Homura?" you ask, sitting up and peering at Homura.

"If... your information is good," she says, grimacing unhappily, eyes still looking out over the frozen cityscape rolling by beneath you. "Then... do you think this might be the 'feather'?"

A blink. That's the second time Homura asked you. You sigh. "I... I think maybe I'm being paranoid. I *hope* I'm just being paranoid. But... it could be. It *could* be."

She doesn't respond for a long, long moment, staring off into the distance before she finally refocuses on you. "Alright," she says simply.

You raise your eyebrows slowly. That's it?

She holds your gaze for a heartbeat longer before nodding, just a hair. That's it.

The rest of your journey back home is spent in a comfortable silence, neither of you really feeling the need to say much more. She sits beside you, relaxed, her legs dangling over the edge of the carpet and midnight black hair streaming out behind her in the rushing wind.

"By the way, Homura," you say as you coast in for a landing in front of Mami's apartment. "I'm going to let Mami know that I went on this little errand with you, is that OK? It's only polite, I guess."

"Yes, that's fine," Homura says.

"Alright, then," you nod, before snickering slightly . "Also... I owe you a mop."

There's a quiet, familiar humming of gears, and you turn to see Homura producing a familiar looking mop.

... just about exactly the same as the one you'd left behind, before you polished it.

You blink at the mop, then at Homura.

"... *why*?" you ask plaintively.

Homura shrugs microscopically. "I... might need more than one mop? Or a new one?"

"... right," you say. "Right."

Boiling water and instant ramen and mops and probably *that golf club* club and probably a fresh pizza and rope and all manner of dakka and explosives and goodness knows what *else*. Probably first aid kits and... huh. That shield of hers is essentially Doraemon's pouch, isn't it?

... you decide not to mention that to her, instead heading back up to Mami's apartment, Homura in tow. Your loot, still safely ensconced in protective layers of Grief, you stash on the roof of the building, alongside the rest of the Grief.

You stop outside the door, turning to Homura. "So, um," you say. "Homura? Can I give you a hug?"

She blinks slowly at you, before nodding.

You smile, stepping forward and wrapping your arms around her gently. Moving slowly, uncertainly, she hugs you back, her movements stiff and awkward. "Hey. Thanks again for letting me come along," you say.

"It was no problem," she murmurs, softening into the hug a bit. She's so *thin*. It's not the first time you've noticed, but... Homura's really a tiny slip of a girl. Far too thin, far too fragile. She leans against you for a moment, a bit of tension ebbing from her tightly wound shoulders.

You hold the hug for a moment longer before breaking it, stepping back and smiling at Homura. "OK. Cleanse?" you ask.

Her eyes flick down to her Soul Gem, gleaming on her hand. Wordlessly, she presents it to you, and you take a quick moment to cleanse her Soul Gem, along with you own. The Grief wicks away, flowing through down the corridor to the window at the end where it lofts upwards to join the bulk of your Grief on the roof.

You're already pushing through the door, stepping back into Mami's apartment and returning to where you'd been before Homura pulled you into the timestop. You detransform before shooting her one last smile and undoing the cord around your wai-

\-st.

Colour, bright and vivid after the muted, deathly greys of the time stop assault your eyes. Mami's back is still turned towards you as she heads towards the kitchen. "Sabrina, could you help with the rest of the dishes?" she calls.

A smile crosses your face, and you begin to pile up the rest of the dishes as instructed, joining Mami in the kitchen. Homura meanders in after you a moment later, looking around and face returned to her neutral, expressionless poker face.

"*Mami?*" you say telepathically to Mami as you start soaping up the dishes with brisk, practiced motions.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" she asks, flashing you a bright smile as she waits for the soaped dishes.

"*Ah, Homura pulled me off for that errand I mentioned earlier,*" you tell her.

"*Oh, I see,*" Mami says, her smile faltering for a moment. She takes half a step closer to you, closing the distance to lean against your side. "*It... I hope it went well? No big problems?*"

"*Yeah, it did,*" you say, smiling down at her.

"*That's good,*" she says. "*Um... may I ask what you did?*"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Muuumi.
