# Residue processing pt. 10

You blink at Homura over Mami's shoulder, faintly startled that Homura even *offered*. And you're *tempted* to take her up on that offer. It'd hopefully sort things out, letting Mami have her quiet night, while Homura sorts out Ono... Well that last bit's a problem, isn't it.

That's what you tell yourself, anyway.

Nevertheless, a huge smile breaks out on your face as you separate from Mami, still keeping her close to you.

"I... thanks, Homura," you say. "Thank you so much for offering. It's... really nice of you, and... I really appreciate it, I do. But I'm sorry, Homura, and sorry, Mami." You glance between Mami's disappointed look, and then Homura's neutral expression. "We've made Miss Ono wait quite a lot already, and I really should start making good on my word to her, so I really *do* have to do this personally."

You're *not* going full Gilgamesh again, you're *not*. Homura has *known* problems with social skills. And you *did* promise Megane.

... you *are* going to have to insist on talking to Megane in the flesh tonight, though, even if you have to be invisible to do it.

"I'd be happy to have you with us when we go, though?" you suggest. "If you want to, anyway."

Homura nods fractionally. "Yes."

"Alright, then," you say, smiling at her in thanks. "Mami... I'm very sorry, but we *do* need to do this."

"I know," she says, giving you a smile that's only slightly forced. "You wouldn't be you, otherwise."

"I guess not," you murmur. Sometimes you're not entirely sure that *you* are really all you're cracked up to be, but... close enough.

You huff out a sigh. "By the way, Mami, before we head out... do you still have that feather? The one that came out of my Barrier?"

"Um... yes, I think so," Mami replies. "It should be in my bag?" You follow her over to her bag, where she pokes around a bit before before eventually producing the Feather. It looks a little rumpled, worse for the wear for being stuffed into a pocket.

... really, it just looks normal. Rather larger than you'd expect of a feather, but really. It looks like a feather. It doesn't seem to be magical or Witch-y or Grief-y in nature.

Just to be sure, a thought summons a sphere of Grief, dropping down from the rooftops and scooting in through the window with a rustle of curtains. You take the feather from Mami and seal it in Grief, locking it away into another innocuous sphere to join the others. Absently, you check your pocket - you've still got Hildegarde's Grief Seed, sitting quietly there.

"Alright," you say. "I suppose we should prepare to head out?"

Mami nods, giving you a quick hug. "Let me go to the bathroom first?" she asks.

"Of course," you reply with a smile. As you wait for her, you collect your sling bag of Grief marbles and drop into the couch, kicking your legs out. Absently, you summon the Grief sphere containing the obrez to you and slip the cut down rifle into your sling bag, concealing it underneath the marbles. No point having it 'in case of emergency' if it isn't to hand, after all.

You shoot Homura a quick smile, which she replies to with an eyebrow raised a fraction of a centimetre. You smile broadens into a grin.

You hear the bathroom door click open, and you glance over to see Mami stepping out, plumping her hair drills. It looks like she washed her face too, at a guess.

"I'm ready," she says.

"Alright," you say, patting the couch beside you and raising your eyebrows. "Let's just check in with Miss Ono, then." With a thought, you reach out mentally for the girl who might be the Glass Witch - but not if you have anything to say about it. You let Homura and Mami listen in, too, the latter now cuddling into your side again. "*Miss Ono?*"

... Heh. Quantum Ono; simultaneous superposition of Witch and meguca until observed.

It takes a moment before she responds. "*Hello, Miss Sabrina,*" Megane replies.

A touch of relief suffuses you. "*Hello,*" you say. "*I'm very sorry for the delay, a lot of things came up today. But we're ready to meet you now; would you happen to be free?*"

"*I'm terribly sorry, I currently have matters that need my attention,*" she says, voice frosty. She doesn't sound sorry at *all*.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Testy, testy.
