# Residue processing pt. 11

Your lips tighten in a flash of irritation. Is she blowing you off? Judging from the frown growing on Mami's face, you're not quite alone in those thoughts, either. You exchange a look with Mami, and she shakes her head microscopically, her hair brushing against you.

Megane has no idea of what she's doing. *Really* no idea.

Either she's just this bitchy, or it's her pride, or it's her Wish... Really, you don't believe that there *is* something happening.

So for once... you think you're perfectly justified to *insist*.

"*I see,*" you say, fighting to keep your mental voice even. "*Nothing dangerous, I should hope?*"

"*Of course not,*" she retorts sharply.

'Of course not?' You raise your eyebrows at Mami, then Homura. A faintly sour expression flicks across the time traveller's face as she drops onto the sofa, crossing her arms patiently.

Or maybe that's *im*patient. You're getting better at reading her, but still.

"*That's good,*" you reply cautiously.

"*If there's nothing else, I have matters to attend to,*" Megane replies, voice hovering somewhere south of arctic. "*As I'm sure you have, with your busy schedule.*"

... Definitely trying to blow you off, with a side order of 'being bitchy as hell'.

You frown, exchanging another glance with Mami. Her frown deepens, and she slowly pulls herself upright on the sofa.

"I think she feels insulted," Mami offers. "That we didn't honour our initial promise to see her."

"Feh," you grunt. "Do you think I should apologise?"

"It should help," Mami says. "But... she's being difficult on purpose."

"Yeah, I agree," you mutter. Steeling yourself, you speak telepathiclly to Megane again. "*Miss Ono, I am truly sorry that I couldn't meet you after school like I said I would, and you have my deepest apologies for that. I hadn't meant to just blow you off like that.*"

"*So noted,*" the girl replies, and falls silent again.

"... for goodness' sake," you mutter under your breath, rubbing at your forehead in frustration. "*I take it you're not interested in going hunting for a Witch right now?*"

"*Why would I do that?*" she counters.

You glance at Homura, who's looking increasingly annoyed. Even Mami looks displeased, an unhappy frown tugging at her lips. You blow out a breath, reaching up to tuck a wisp of hair behind your ear.

"*Fine,*" you say. "*But it's *vitally* important to keep your Soul Gem clean, for your own well-being. May I make up for not meeting you earlier by dropping by and cleaning off your Soul Gem and Grief Seed?*"

Silence, for a moment. "*No, you may not. As I said, I'm busy.*"

You grind your teeth. "*It'd be barely a minute, and we can be there very quickly, if you want.*"

"*I think that's all we have to talk about, Miss Sabrina,*" Megane replies. "*We can meet tomorrow.*" With a distinct air of finality, she ends the call.

"*Damn* that girl," you hiss, your hands tightening into fists. Why the hell is Ono so damned *petty*? "She doesn't bloody *know* what she's doing."

Mami nods. "She does seem rather... dismissive."

"Homura," you glance at the black haired girl. "Do you know where to find her?"

"Maybe," she says. "I think I know roughly where she lives."

"Right. We're going," you say, pushing yourself to your feet and offering Mami a hand. "Mami, I'm really sorry, but... this is important, I think." You *wish* you could leave her alone for the snubbing, but you can't. Not really.

She takes your hand, letting you pull her to her feet. "No... I understand, Sabrina," she saves, giving you a wan smile and hugging you tightly. "You have to."

"Yeah. Yeah, I think so," you say. "Homura?" You turn to find her already headed for the door with a swish of hair.

A few minutes later, you're sitting on a Grief carpet, gaining height rapidly over Mitakihara. You find your mind wandering a little as you watch the city hum through its paces far below, blinking rivers of light flowing across the city. You *could* use Homura's timestop to get there a little faster, and Madoka and Kirika would probably make a diabetes-inducingly sweet couple but that probably woul-

You shake your head, dislodging that thought, hugging Mami into your side. You glance back at Homura, who's sitting on the carpet. She gives you a slight frown, raven black hair streaming in the wind behind her.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Whoa, bitchy much?
