# Residue processing pt. 12

You catch Homura's frown, and reach out telepathically. "*Homura? Is something wrong?*"

Faded amethyst eyes hold yours for a moment. "*She's just like...*" She trails off, lips flattening together.

"*Ah.*" You can fill in the rest, you think. "*Are you OK?*"

Homura sighs, the sound inaudible over the rushing wind. "*It's too familiar,*" she murmurs.

"*... ah. I see,*" you reply. The same story, repeated over and over, even with different actors to dance out the play. "*Are you alright, Homura?*"

Her eyes meet yours again for a moment. She inclines her head very slighty towards the side - neither a yes, nor a no.

You nod, considering Megane. More than a touch bitchy... but she's very much a *kid*. Granted, you're not that much older than her yourself, but you *feel* like you're much older. Or at the very least a lot more conscious of the dangers and *necessities*.

Speaking, or thinking of which... you abruptly slow the Grief carpet down, coasting into a gentle holding pattern. Mami looks askance at you, confusion in her golden eyes.

"*One last try,*" you tell her and Homura.

"*It's not worth it,*" Homura says.

"*Yeah. It probably isn't going to work, but I feel like I should at least try,*" you respond, resigned. With a thought, you reach out to the girl that's become your newest headache.

... this is probably how Oriko feels all the time, huh?

"*Miss Ono?*" you say.

She responds with an annoyed, telepathic sigh. Which doesn't really make sense, since sighs are literally exhalations of breath, but... magic is as magic does. Or magitech is or magite- *focus!* "*Yes, Miss Sabrina?*" she says, voice cold.

You roll your eyes, deciding that you might as well try to get it out of your system before you actually meet her face to face. "*Miss Ono, there *is* something that I absolutely have to talk to you about in person. This really can't wait, and is a matter of life and death to magical girls.*"

"*Miss Sabrina, I am certain that you feel that whatever you have is very important,*" Megane replies.

Your teeth grind together. Mami lays a gentle hand on yours, squeezing lightly in support, and you force yourself to relax. You hug her, instead. "*Miss Ono, I *do* apologise that I couldn't meet you earlier. One of my friends was...*" you glance at Mami, trying to give her a silent apology before continuing, "*... suffering from personal problems and needed my immediate help and support. And then after that, another of my friends was attacked by a Witch.*"

There's a pause as Megane absorbs this. In the meantime, you hug Mami more fully, whispering a quiet "Sorry," to her.

"*My, what a busy life you lead, Miss Sabrina,*" Megane says at last. "*I'm sure you have more things to attend to.*"

You try again. "*I'm so very sorr-*"

"*I'm not interested, Miss Sabrina,*" Megane says, voice dripping with frost.

One last try, one last bombshell to drop. You raise your mental voice, just a hair. "*I didn't want to intrude, but it *has* to be tonight. It could save your *life*, Miss Ono.*"

She doesn't respond, apparently opting to ignore you.

Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Homura slant you a look -a slightly raised eyebrow, head tilted slightly to the side- that *screams* 'I told you so'.

By contrast, Mami's staring straight ahead into the night, a sharp frown warring with dismay on her face. Apparently Megane's starting to both annoy and worry her, too.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Ono for President Bitchy 2015!
