# Residue processing pt. 14

You growl under your breath. "The Grief Seed's gone," you say, looking at Mami and Homura as you step into the room. "That would explain why she didn't even want to consider going hunting with us, I think. Ashamed to admit it." You pause, grimacing. "Hopefully she didn't mean to go hunting alone in order to show up with *a* Grief Seed tomorrow."

Mami nods, looking at the girl sitting on the bed, before taking a step closer to you. You give her a quick, one armed hug to reassure her as you scan around the room.

It's cosy. Megane's room reminds you somewhat of Madoka's room, if less spacious and filled with considerably fewer chairs. Floral patterned wallpaper lines the walls, visibly worn with a scuff mark here and there. A ceiling fan-and-lamp combination hangs from the ceiling, the light off - Megane's sitting here in the darkness. A small study table sits off to the side, with some stationery and papers scattered about.

They're not poor, you don't think.

But they're not *rich*, either.

Homura glances around the room, and without a word, drifts over to the table, leafing through the papers.

You'll take that as... well, pretty much the same idea as you had, then.

"We should take a look around," you say, already starting for the papers. Mami follows you, glancing anxiously around the lifeless, colour-bleached world of the time-stop.

You fold your arms behind your back and lean over the bed, peering at the papers.

... school results, it looks like. A generous splash of reds, shaded grey by the timestop.

"Che," you grunt, straightening. "School results."

Mami sighs. "I think..."

"She's not very good," Homura says drily, carefully replacing the papers on the table. And now that you're looking, you can see rough scrawls of ink, probably scratched into the papers by frustration.

You sigh, too. "We need to talk to her."

Homura's eyes flick towards you, and then away. *Not it*.

"I..." Mami starts, trailing off.

"She can't go on like this, but... I'm not sure what to say," you admit. "She doesn't like me much, and... I'm afraid she's just going to clam up." You glance at Mami. "Mami, you're... better at talking to people than we are, and Megane seems more annoyed with *me* right now."

Mami looks torn. "I don't think she likes me, either," she says. "Do you remember... she mentioned the school rivalry?" Mami bites her lip, glancing away. "I could try," she says, giving you a wan smile.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

So I just kinda amlagamated the votes a bit.
