# Residue processing pt. 15

You huff out a sigh, tucking stray hair behind your ear. You're torn, to say the least.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"Let me think," you say, rubbing at your forehead. You pace around the room, what little of it there is that isn't occupied by bed or desk or Mami or Homura, anyway. You spare a baleful glance at Megane - frankly, she's a *pain*, but...

Looking around her house, guessing from how she presents herself and what she might have wished for? You've got a pretty good idea of what drives her. Acting on it is a different thing -you're floundering for ideas- but you *can* make some guesses at her person. And it would go some way to explaining why she was so bitchy towards you.

... the thought of turning her into cheese kind of occurs to you before you ruthlessly tamp that down. It's *completely* unproductive.

"I'm going to bring her into the timestop," you decide at last, waving around at the colour-leached world.

"Are you sure, Sabrina?" Mami asks, wringing her hands.

"No," you answer truthfully. "I really don't know how best to deal with Miss Ono. I'm going to *try*. But I'm not sure." If you're being honest with yourself, some sort of you thinks that it's all going to shit as soon as you open your mouth. Hell, you think she might actually attack you. It's not terribly *likely*, you don't think, but it's a *possibility*.

"Homura?" you ask, glancing over at the time traveller. "Is that OK?"

She glances at you, then at Megane. She stares at the other black haired girl for a long moment, eyes evaluating, before looking back to you. "It's fine."

"Thanks, Homura," you say, shooting her a quick smile.

Mami's already stepping forward, ribbon spooling from her hand, before you stop her with a hand on her elbow.

"Let me try ot something, Mami?" you ask.

She nods and steps back, the ribbon vanishing in drifting motes of golden light.

"And um, maybe we could all give her a bit of room?" you say, suiting action to word. You move in front of Megane, Mami and Homura arranging themselves a little further back.

You're... suddenly very aware of your hands, hanging loosely at your side. That won't do; too casual. You tuck them in your coat pockets for a moment, touching your Grief Seeds for a moment. Hildegarde, and Andrea. But no, that's even *more* casual. You clasp your hands behind your back - no, *too* formal.

You start to fold your arms across your chest before abandoning that.

... No, no Gilgameshing.

A gentle hand touches your shoulder. You glance over to see Mami, giving you a smile, and she guides your hands to a more neutral position - back at your sides. "It's OK," she says.

"Thanks, Mami," you say. You close your eyes and inhale slowly, willing a marble of Grief out of your ever present bag. Really, that bag might as well be a part of your costume by now. The marble flits forward, stopping just in front of Megane.

You exhale, opening your eyes, and the marble snaps forward, lashing around the girl's finger. In tandem, colour floods into her.

Megane inhales sharply. Her eyes widen, and they dart around the room, glancing from you, to Mami, to Homura, to the frozen world, and then back to you.

She flinches, scrabbling back across the bed - still somehow moving with perfect poise.

"This might be a delayed answer-" you say, drawing the Grief out of her Soul Gem with a crook of your finger "-but I do rather think your life is very important." The Grief billows from her Soul Gem, tenebrous and swirling in a malevolent cloud in front of her for a moment before you collapse it down into marbles.

"Get out," she hisses. "Get *out*. Get *out!*" Megane's eyes are wide, almost frightened as she stares at you, her back digging into the wall. Her hands clench into white knuckled fists, the muscles standing out.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Hmmm.
