# Residue processing pt. 16

You shake your head. "I can't, Megane," you say. "I can't. You're *dying*, an-"

"Get out," Megane snaps again. "Get *out*!" Her shoulder blades are practically digging into the wall, her hands groping wildly about. One hand encounters her bedside table and seizes her clock.

You're already moving a moment before the clock shatters against the wall behind you with a sharp crack. Pieces of plastic and tiny gears bounce all over the room before freezing in mid air, claimed by the timestop.

Your hand snaps out, blocking a ballistic powder compact. Powder explodes in a white cloud, staining everything white.

"*Get out!*" Megane scrambles over the foot of the bed, landing smoothly on her feet and drawing herself up. "Why are you *bothering* me?" In her hands, she's already hefting her table lamp, ready to throw. Serene rage masks her face, icily arrogant fury trying to intimidate you into leaving.

"S-Sabrina-" Mami says, stepping forward. "Miss Ono-"

Megane transforms. A blaze of light pours out from her form, the evening gown of her costume wrapping itself around her form. In her hands, an ornate, glassy staff forms, shimmering in the dim twilight of the timestop, and she levels it at you. "Get *out!*"

Glittering sparks gather at the tip of her staff.

A blur of cream and gold crosses your vision - Mami, stepping in front of you. She gestures sharply, and a tangling mass of ribbons explodes from her hand. The twisting yellow mass lashes across the room.

Bursts of light erupt from Megane's staff. The girl barely has time to dodge before before Mami's ribbons swamp the girl. They tear the staff from her hand and cocoon her. Mami gestures sharply, and ribbons snap out - to the bed, to the table leg, to the ground as if pinned there.

Megane struggles fruitlessly, trying to break out of the restraints. "Release me," she snaps, glaring at Mami. "*Release me*! Leave, and *stop telling me what to do!*"

Mami shakes her head. "Miss Ono, we only mean the best for you. We mean to help."

"I want you to *go away*," Megane enunciates every word clearly and sharply. "I want you to leave me *be*."

You glance at Homura. She's standing stock still, body tense and a pistol held in her hand.

Mami takes a breath, glancing quickly at you before facing Megane again. "Miss Ono, please hear us out."

"You broke into my *house*." Megane twists at her bonds, trying to work her way free. "Why should I listen to the foreign *meddler* and her *cronies*?"

Mami's eyes narrow. "Sabrina is my *friend*."

Megane doesn't say anything, her scornful, dismissive gaze answer enough.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Oh dear.
