# Residue processing pt. 17

You bite back a flash of rage, an impulse to rip into Megane for that barb. Mami and Homura are hardly your 'cronies' - they're your friends. Your lip curls a little as you eye Megane, who seems intent of recklessly throwing her life away.

She almost reminds you of Akiko with her obstinate refusal to see sense - except that at least Akiko had the excuse, if you could call it that, of a Wish twisting her mind. Megane doesn't even have that sop of an excuse, or at least not that you know about.

She's just being a bitchy teenager who doesn't know the stakes.

You exhale slowly, discreetly catching Homura's eyes and shaking your head, *no*. She frowns sharply at you, easing her finger off the pistol's trigger - but she keeps a hold of it. As good as you'll get, you suppose. You step forward and touch Mami gently on her elbow, smiling at her when she glances back at you.

Another step forward, and you face Megane again. She's still struggling in the cocoon of ribbons, bound securely to the floor. She glares at you imperiously when she sees you looking. "Release me!" she demands again.

You take a deep breath, schooling your face to calme neutrality, and you meet Megane's eyes squarely. She, on the other hand, doesn't meet yours, pointedly moving her gaze to a point a handspan above your head.

"Miss Ono," you say, trying not to let your annoyance bleed into your tone. "I'm sorry I had to break into your home." You pause, eyeing the girl and waiting to see if she responds.

She doesn't say anything, eyes still fixed at that same point above your head.

You sigh. "I understand that you feel slighted that I cancelled our appointment without warning, earlier," you say.

*That* gets a response. "I'm sure you are," Megane says, eyes refocusing on you. "That's why you simply dropped me, right?"

"Yes, I am," you respond bluntly. "I *am* sorry. I had to handle matters that were literally life and death, twice in a row."

"Life and death," Megane repeats, imitating your voice. "Such a busy life you lead."

"Yes," you say, folding your arms. "Life and death. Just like what I need to tell you now."

Mami steps up beside you. "It's true, Miss Ono," she says. "I was... not doing well earlier, and one of our friends was trapped by a Witch."

Megane sniffs doubtfully, tossing her perfectly coiffed hair so that the black ringlets tumble almost artfully against the brilliant gold of the binding cocoon.

You sigh again, pinching your nose and closing your eyes for a moment. You open your eyes again after a moment, taking in her modest bedroom, with its equally modest furnishings, all trapped in the fossilized grey of Homura's timestop.

You continue when it becomes obvious that Megane's not going to say anything more. "I apologise that I needed to bother you about the meeting today," you say, pausing to see if that elicits any response. You continue after a moment of silence. "I needed to talk to you today because you don't know what you need to know to survive as a magical girl."

"You've already told me," Megane says, starting to stuggle at her bonds again. "Now leave me alone and stop telling me what to do."

You shake your head slowly. "Maybe I did. And I apologise for intruding against your will because if I don't, *you would die*. You Soul Gem would fill, *break*, and you would be *gone*."

"You've *already told me*," the girl repeats. "Now *go away*."

"I'm not going to leave until I'm satisfied you're taking me seriously, Miss Ono," you say. You're quite proud of yourself. You haven't shouted at her *once*, so far.

"Like Sendai, I'm sure," she cuts you off. "I'm sure you didn't leave until everybody toed the line."

... well then.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

... well then.
