# Residue processing pt. 18

You exhale slowly - you can't exactly say you're surprised. The little white rat has been entirely too quiet, recently, and... she got rid of that Grief Seed, didn't she? She must have talked to Kyuubey. Might this be the first signs of Kyuubey turning hostile towards you? Or just it poking at you?

*You and I remember Sendai very differently. For example, I don't remember you being there at all.*

You... kind of *want* to say it. Or something witty and sarcastic and biting, just one moment to maybe turn the tables on Megane.

What you say *instead* is a neutral, "Sendai... was a mess, yes. I'm not going to pretend otherwise. It wasn't what I wanted to happen or why I went there."

Ugh. As well all yourself a watch wearing dildo. Or maybe not. That appellation doesn't suit you at *all*. You take a long, long moment of thought to formulate what you want to say.

"I'm sure you would have preferred that everyone immediately fell in line with your orders," Megane says, refocusing on you.

... well, she's not *wrong*...

"I went to stop a war that'd have killed a dozen magical girls and even more civilians," you say instead, keeping your voice steady.

Mami touches you lightly on the elbow. Her face crinkles into a gentle, reassuring smile, golden eyes warm and fond. Silent support. You return it, before refocusing on Megane.

The girl's frowning at the two of you.

You sigh. "Alright. First of all. Cleansing," you say, waving a finger in a small circle. Grief trickles into the air from all your Soul Gems, swirling together into a malevolent mass that you crush down into marbles and send outside to join the main bulk of Grief. Mami gives you a quick smile, while Homura nods an acknowledgement to you.

"Second of all..." you frown at Megane. "Well, I can guess at what you know, and who told you. I'm going to tell you my side of the story."

"I don't need to hear your justifications," she says. Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Mami frowning.

"Justifications... well, I think saving people is a pretty good one," you say, faux thoughtfully. "The first thing I knew about it were earthquakes. I'm sure you saw those on the news. When I went to investigate, I found... a fight. A big on, in Ishinomaki."

"Of *course* you went to investigate," Megane says scornfully.

"How many Magical Girls do you think would have died if I hadn't gotten involved?" you challenge, arms still folded. "I went to Ishinomaki to rescue one Hamasaki Akiko and half her group. Then we found out that the *other* half of her group, back in Sendai, was being attacked, and I followed up on that."

You pause, watching Megane. She doesn't really seem to be listening to you, eyes focused above your head once more.

... you'll give it another shot.

"Akiko, it turns out, had been beating the University girls -by which I mean the group of girls based at Sendai University- down and starving them to death. Literally to *death*, Miss Ono, while the Sendai group got fat on their *tax*," you say, emphasizing the words with disdain.

Megane frowns slightly at that, her eyes flicking down to you and away again.

"So yes, I intervened," you say, raising your eyebrows at the girl. "And yes, we did a lot of damage to stop her and her allies - considering that she pulled in magical girls from across the prefecture. And yes, she went catatonic after she lost - I didn't do that deliberately."

You grimace at the memory before continuing. "The rest of the Sendai girls gave up and agreed to leave the others alone, if you want to call that toeing the line. I can introduce you to the girls directly involved, if you want to talk to them directly."

You could get them here in a few moments, even, if you enlisted a certain foul mouthed teleporter's help.

... Well, actually, no, since you don't have telepathy in timestop. But still.

You wait for a response from the girl, watching her with your arms folded.

"I'm sure you had your reasons," the girl says, glaring at you. "What will it take for you to release me, and let me see the *least* amount of you?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Unfriendly, much?
