# Residue processing pt. 19

Well.

That's a concession.

You think.

A grudging concession, to be sure, one won by... Well, bothering her until she wants to *not* be bothered by you any more.

It's a win, sort of.

"I can ask Mami to release you right now if you promise to stop being violent and pay full attention to what I have to say," you say, raising an eyebrow and giving her a neutral look.

"Go ahead," Megane says.

You narrow your eyes in suspicion. "Will you pay attention to what I have to say?"

She glares at that point somewhere above your head. Do you have a sign there or something? Did Kirika somehow stick a sign there without you noticing? Or an angel halo or something? You wouldn't exactly put it past her...

Probably just Megane being ornery. Heh. *Ono*ry.

"Are you going to pay attention, Miss Ono?" you ask again.

"Fine," she bites out, glaring at you.

You purse your lips, regarding Megane, before exchanging a look with Mami. She smiles slightly, tilting her head slightly towards you. You smile back, tilting your head at Megane. Mami nods, and the ribbon coccoon dissolves.

The girl rolls her shoulders primly, smoothing her dress down and fussing with her hair for a moment, before returning her glare to you. "What do you want to say?" she asks.

"You're burning magic way too fast," you say. "Let me put it in perspective. The average magical girl will go about a week before they need a Grief Seed." You hold up one finger to demonstrate, before levelling it at her. "*You're* going through something like one Grief Seed a day? And that's not even counting Witches. That's... irregular, to say the least, and not at all sustainable."

"And what, Miss Sabrina, is so atypical about me?" Megane bites out, folding her arms.

"Your magic," you say simply. You can sense it, now that you're looking - the slow, incandescent fire of magic, winding up through her mind and body in confirmation of what Homura had told you. "You're running it constantly, even now. And that's... at least part of the problem. I believe I've already told you, but you don't seem to be getting the point - if your Soul Gem goes black, *you're dead*. I can't save you at that point."

You don't *think* you can, anyway. Not yet, maybe?

"And what am I supposed to do about that?" Megane challenges.

"I'm getting there," you say, rolling your eyes. "But to the point - I wanted to ask you about it. Can you shut it off?"

Megane' recoils at the suggestion. Just a touch, her head pulling back by a hair. "No," she says, rather too quickly.

Mami catches your eye. She raises her eyebrows fractionally at you, and you shrug. She shakes her head, keeping the motion subtle, and you nod.

'*What do you think?*'

'*No idea.*'

'*She's lying.*'

'*Mmm.*'

You turn back to Megane, who's frowning at the two of you.

You frown right back. "Hmm," you say noncommittally. "Why are you so dismissive of Witches, Miss Ono?"

She blinks, a faint touch of surprise on her face. "Witches," she says disdainfully. "They're big, dumb beasts with magic powers. Fighting is... barbaric." She rolls her wrist dismissively.

"Hrm," you say. Disdain. Disdain for *fighting*. You briefly entertain the thought of letting her die or Witch out, but... you're trying to keep her *alive*. And you'd have to replace her, for Mami's sake. Like replacing a goldfish. "Don't underestimate them. How many have you fought, anyway?"

"One," she says, surprise fading back into politely veiled hostility.

"Well. Witches aren't all easy. And maybe it's 'barbaric', as you say, but underestimating them can and *will* cost you your life," you say. "And that goes for all of us in this room."

Even yourself, really. You're not sure about Walpurgisnacht, yourself... it *should* be a pushover, but 'should's are slippery. And Charlotte for Mami, though that's behind you now.

You can feel Homura's gaze boring into the back of your head at that not terribly veiled hint.

"I've seen girls on the wrong end of a Witch fight, Miss Ono," you continue. "Some injuries were extensive enough that they weren't able to rejoin society, and Mitakihara has no healing specialists." There's Yuma over in Kasamino, and you don't exactly want Sayaka to contract, so... you shake your head, wrenching your mind back on track.

Megane opens her mouth, about to say something, but you cut her off. "When we found you, you were about to fight a very dangerous Witch with half your Soul Gem already corrupted, no Grief Seeds to fall back on, and yourself in no emotional state to be fighting Witches in the first place."

Her expression closes off as you speak, smoothing out into smooth, disdainful superiority. "I understand," she says, frost creeping in to replace the heat in her voice. "Of course, I didn't know I had a 'guardian angel' waiting to swoop in and rescue me from the poverty of not having Grief Seeds."

... she has a point, you suppose.

You sigh. "Which is why, as I said, it's dangerous to be a lone magical girl. Among other things? High corruption affects your mental state. You become more prone to negative thoughts and feelings; fear, sadness, anger, anxiety, depression. Fighting Witches like that is a recipe for disaster."

"Should I not fight Witches, then?" she challenges, all but sneering at you.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Eeeesh.
