# Residue processing pt. 20

You exhale slowly, closing your eyes and unfolding one hand to press against your eyelids. It's a start. She's listening, at least, even if she's being obnoxiously teenager-ish, and you'll count that as progress. *Slow* progress.

A breath.

"That..." You open your eyes and gaze steadily at Megane. "That depends. Do you *want* to fight Witches?" You raise a finger to cut off the protest you can see forming on her lips. "Because either way, you're going to need to get Grief Seeds or cleanses-" you gesture at yourself "-to stay alive. That's... A fact of life, for us."

Megane's expression shifts from icy disdain to a displeased frown. "I would prefer hunt by myself," she says with a grimace.

"Perhaps so," you say, reaching up to tuck your hair behind your ear. "But it's not that simple."

"Of course it isn't," she retorts.

"Dying is a very real possibility, Miss Ono," you reply. It's familiar ground, after all. "And really, I'm quite interested in you not dying."

"Why?" she snaps, delivering a fresh glare towards you. You'd rate it... maybe zero point four Homuras. Not a bad glare at all, somewhat edging out Oriko. Sakura has them beat for sheer quantity of glare, though you're not entirely sure if quantity counts, per se.

Tsk.

"Call it my flaw," you say with a whimsical smile. You've admitted it to yourself often enough. Emiya syndrome. "I save people." Oh, you'll admit, to yourself if nobody else, that some part of you is *tempted* to leave her to go out in her blaze of arrogance, but... Here you are.

Megane visibly restrains herself from rolling her eyes, but doesn't comment further.

Sometimes, that metaphorical shoulder-Homu who likes to suggest that you just let her be is *really* loud. Hell, the *real* Homura told you as much, once.

A light touch at your elbow is Mami, giving you a warm, fond look.

... and probably a chibi-Mami on top of your head, always hugging you. *Hwee ahr noht a ghy-ant spi-dah* and all. And while you're at it, an entire panoply of tiny meguca...

You glance at Homura, who's drifted over to the wall, her back against it. She meets your gaze squarely, mouth twisted to the side in what might be a grimace or a smile or something in between before her expression smooths out again. She jerks her head a fraction of a centimetre at Megane.

You flash her a quick smile and infinitesimal nod, and turn back to the other black haired girl. "If you want to completely get rid of me and do things your own way, then the best way is for you to let me teach you. The faster you learn, the faster I'll be out of your hair."

The frown remains. "And what do you feel you need to teach me?" she asks contemptuously.

You have a ready answer for that. "How to fight, maybe how to use less magic. You'll need to hunt Witches after that, barbaric or not." You smirk. Barbaric. Heh. A touch of it, perhaps. Fighting isn't something a 'proper' lady does and all that rot. The way *you* fight... Gross overpowering of your opponents. That's barbaric too, you suppose. "But afterwards, you won't need to see as much of me as... well, other options."

Megane looks even more displeased, like she's sucking on a lemon that turned out to somehow have a worm in it, for all that she somehow contrives to look haughty at the same time.

You sigh. "The other option is that I loan you Grief Seeds. But then, I'll have to drop by every time to refresh them. If that's what you want, that's alright, too. The Sendai girls are under the same agreement."

Megane frowns, watching you.

... It's like talking to a hypothetical offspring of Homura and Sayaka and Akiko. Barely more expressions than the default oujo-glare, all the lemming-like enthusiasm and more, and the same obstinate refusal to just *listen* to sense.

Deep breaths. You're making progress, and she's kind of sort of not really warming up to you. She'd warm up faster if you lit her on fire, or stuck her in a microwave. What was that saying again? Build a man a fire, and he's warm for a day, set a man on fire and he's warm for a lifetime?

Deep breaths. As empathic as shoulder-Homu's glare is, this isn't helpful. You had something more to say, didn't you?

"If you choose to fight Witches, Miss Ono, there's one last thing." You raise a demonstrative finger. "You don't, and *shouldn't*, fight alone. Fine, you don't like me. There are other local girls whom I could put you in touch with. Gaikotsu Masami and Wakahisa Hiroko, they live together out west."

"Do you expect me to move over there?" Megane asks with an imperiously raised eyebrow.

Deep.

Breaths.

"No," you say. Think about tiny chibi-Mumi hugging you. She wouldn't like you to scream at Megane. Neither would real Mami, come to that. "*If* you choose to fight, then I expect to put you in touch with them, and you to work with them to hunt Witches." You pause for effect. "Miss Ono, you have options, but the one thing you can't be is a lone magical girl who doesn't fight Witches."

You match her glare for glare, sky blue gaze against a shade not terribly different from your own. "Because *that*, Miss Ono, will kill you under a week. Less, if you can't turn your power off."

She looks... *thoughtful*. Which you're not sure is a good thing.

"You mentioned other magical girls," she says, eventually. "You can put me in contact with them, and they can teach me to fight."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Any port in a storm, eh?
