# Residue processing pt. 21

"You... yes, I can put you in touch with them," you allow, before raising a warning finger. "I *can't* guarantee that they'll agree to train you."

Megane nods, her jaw set. She hasn't relaxed out of her tightly wound anger, arms still folded across her chest and her posture stiff.

A thought strikes you. "And... if it's a matter of *training* you, I'd add Kyouko Sakura to your list of options," you say, cocking your head. "She's an... expert fighter who oversees Kasamino, and I can guarantee she'll whip you into shape." You can't help but enjoy the mental image a bit. "Just a matter of convincing her, and if you can take it."

... though with Yuma around, Kyouko might actually have gone soft. And then again, Megane's not Yuma.

An arm slips around yours. Mami.

You give her a curious look, but she just shakes her head and cuddles into your side. Her presence is a gentle warmth, a stark contrast against the muted cold of the timestop.

... Oh. Right, Kyouko.

You hug Mami back with one arm, trying to put a wordless apology into the motion, while refocusing on Megane. The girl looks annoyed, her jaw clenched tighter than it was before.

You sigh. "Anyway. Miss Ono, you have options. But the easiest one is, well, to just let me, *us*, train you. We're able and willing. But as has been pointed out-" repeatedly, by a certain magical girl that you happen to be talking to right at this moment, "-things do tend to get busy sometimes. Everyone else I know\... is probably a bit too far out of the way. Mami, Homura?"

Mami shakes her head, her hair brushing against your arm, feather light touches you can feel through the sleeve of your coat. Homura glances at you for a moment before shaking her head, too.

"Put me in touch with Miss Gaikotsu," Megane says, apparently arriving at a decision.

"Alright. We'll see about doing that tomorrow," you say, and hesitate a moment before continuing. "Look, Miss Ono, I can't promise an exact time. I pretty much spend my days running from crisis to crisis. But I'll try to get to you when I can."

Megane sniffs disdainfully. "I don't believe I have a choice, do I?" she says.

You shrug. "Moving on, there was something else..." you say, frowning in thought. "Right, Grief Seeds. I would very much appreciate if you didn't give your used grief seeds to Kyubey unless you absolutely have to. They're a precious resource, as you should well know."

"Kyuubey said that that one was going to hatch," Megane counters.

"I'm well aware, but hold that thought," you say, having already anticipated that. "That takes something like a day." You glance at Mami for confirmation, and she nods again. "If it's important, though, I'll prioritise getting to you to refresh the Grief Seeds. And if you get more than one, then you can use them in rotation to extend the time limit."

Megane nods curtly.

"I'm working on alternatives," you add. "They're not quite ready yet, but I'm hoping to bring them out some time in the not too distant future." You shrug. "If they work out, then they'll make life a lot easier, and you won't have to fight Witches on a regular basis."

The girl blinks slowly, actually looking interested for a moment before the shutters slam shut again and the frown reasserts itself, apparently out of sheer contrariness.

You sigh, hugging Mami close with one arm around your waist in silent apology. "One last thing, Miss Ono," you murmur, again meeting Megane glare for glare. "Regarding the bunnycat. Kyuubey isn't trustworthy. He has a bad habit of lying... lying by omission and manipulating magical girls into fighting each other. Also there's the whole dying part he neglected to mention. He does that."

Mami's hug around you tightens for a moment, and you squeeze back slightly.

Megane's jaw tightens. "Of course you would say that."

"I'm not saying to take me at my word," you say. "But look. Just as an example, I have a... *different* account of Sendai than Kyuubey gave. And *his* version..." You shrug. "In the end, just be careful. That's all I'm asking. Don't take his words at face value - think about things a bit."

She snorts. "Not including what *you* tell me, of course."

"No," you disagree. "*Do* think about what I tell you."

Her expression schools itself back into smooth neutrality. "Do you have anything more to say?"

"Yeah, one last thing," you say, straightening. "You *do* need to find ways to stop using your power. No team will tolerate you spending that much magic in a day. If you need to compromise somewhere, then *compromise*. Whatever it is, your life is more important."

Megane's expression slams shut. "So noted," she says evenly.

You sigh. "Look, Miss Ono, I know this was a rocky start, and I know you disagree with me on a lot of things. But I *am* worried about you. I *do* want you to succeed. Goodnight."

"Goodnight," Megane replies.

With a twist of will, you dissolve the ring of Grief you'd attached around her finger, deep purple Grief seeping into the air and pulling away from her. The muted greys of the timestop claim her midblink, eyebrows drooping unevenly.

You sag, letting your eyes fall shut. You can feel Mami turn to hug you fully, pulling you close to her. A small hand touches you tentatively on your shoulder - Homura.

"That was... tiring," you murmur to no one in particular.

"You did well, Sabrina," Mami offers.

"Yeah, she's just so... *teenager*," you mutter.

"Well, she is," Mami says, a fond note in her voice. "We all are."

"Heh, well..." you say, opening your eyes. You find Mami smiling up at you, and Homura hovering just off to the side. "She just feels so, so..."

Mami shrugs.

You straighten without breaking the hug, sighing again.

"Anyway... I suppose we're done here," you murmur. An idle twist of will, and Grief trickles through the room in grasping little bubbles, scooping up the pieces of shattered plastic and gears frozen mid bounce. You snatch up each and every piece, checking Megane's Soul Gem one last time. Nice and clean, just a small sheen of Grief tarnishing it.

"Shall we go home?" Mami asks, looking up at you.

You smile. "Yeah. Let's go home. Homura, would you like to come along?"

She shrugs microscopically, moving over to the door in a swirl of hair. There's a thoughtful look on her face.

You take that as a yes, and follow her out, Mami clinging to you. On your way out, you pause by her desk and put down a few hundred yen notes - enough to cover the clock, and drop Andrea's Grief Seed on top of it. Idly, you check Hildegarde, still sitting quietly in your other pocket. Maybe it's a little warmer than cold crystal and metal should be, but then again, maybe not.

A few minutes later, you're soaring over Mitakihara on a carpet of Grief, Mami at your side and Homura behind you. Eventually, the time traveller breaks the silence. "... bunnycat?" she asks.

You blink.

"Oh. Right," you say. You *did* use that word. "Kyuubey. It's... like a cat, but it has these-" you flap your hands at your own ears, "-ear things. Like a bunny. So... bunnycat."

Homura blinks slowly at you.

"Oh, Sabrina," is Mami's contribution to the conversation as she nestles her head against your shoulder.

You chuckle. "Well. Yeah."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Next vote will probably take you to bed. Vote accordingly.

And apologies, everyone, for the massive cutback in my update rate. I've had... significant amounts of trouble with life in general, lately.
