# Residue processing pt. 22

A moment passes in a comfortable silence, cool wind ruffling your hair. Mitakihara unrolls beneath your carpet, a winding mural of subdued lights and soft-edged shadows. Skyscrapers loom monolithically over the city, bulwarks against the frozen rivers of light that are the roads.

You smile at Mami and Homura. "Hey. Mami, Homura?"

"Mm?" Mami smiles up at you, expression content.

Homura just glances silently at you.

"Thank you," you say. "Thank you both for putting up with all of that. I know it wasn't... pleasant."

"Of course, Sabrina," Mami replies, nestling her head back on your shoulder.

"You're welcome," Homura says.

You shake your head, smiling. "Even so... thank you both, so very much. Thank you for being there. It helps." You slip an arm around Mami's shoulders, hugging her close to you. She makes a contented little noise and nestles into your side.

Homura seems content to simply go along for now, staring off into the distance over the frozen cityscape. You track her gaze towards the south... in the direction of the Kaname residence. If you tilt the carpet a *little* bit *this* way and squint just a little and apply a little bit of imagination... you can just about see Madoka's house.

She glances back at you. You smile at her, tilting your head in the general direction she'd been looking in and raising an eyebrow. Homura nods, and returns to gazing at the distant house.

A few minutes later, you're walking back into Mami's apartment. Homura reaches for her shield, and with a hum of clockwork, restores the three of you back to the flow of time. Colour and noise, joyously violent, chases away the oppressive silence and deadened hues of the timestop. The clock on the shelf resumes its ticking - eight o'clock, just about.

The golden ribbon around your waist falls away. You turn to see a blaze of golden light - Mami transforming out of her puella magi costume. She takes a moment to just stand in the middle of the living room, looking around with a smile. "Ah, Homura," she says, turning to the time traveller. "You'll stay a while, right?"

The black haired girl hesitates before nodding.

Mami's smile broadens. "I'll make some tea!" she says, heading towards the kitchen.

You laugh. "I was just thinking that," you say, following Mami. "Do we have any cake left?"

A frown mars Mami's smile. "No, I don't think so... we should find some time to bake something," she says, reaching for the kettle to fill with water.

"Yeah, that sounds good," you say, hunting for the tea in a cabinet.

"Hmm... we have some biscuits, though," Mami says.

You smile at her. "That works."

The three of you are soon relaxing on the sofa, enjoying the tea and some sweet lemon biscuits. The relative silence has a different *texture* than that of the timestop, you reflect. You can hear the hum of Mitakihara city - the hum of traffic on the roads, the distant alarms sounding, the creaking pipes of the building. The clink of the teacups, the quiet crunches and sips as you enjoy your snack...

Once more, you're the first to broach the comfortable silence. "Mami, Homura?" you set aside your mostly empty teacup.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks, looking at you.

"You need to study, right? How about you, Homura?" you ask.

Mami nods. "I do," she says.

Homura shrugs. "I... have some homework to do," she says.

"Well... we could study together?" you suggest.

"That sounds good," Mami says. Homura, on the other hand, just shrugs. She raises her left hand, shield appearing in a flash of purple light. She reaches behind the shield, producing a stapled worksheet from it.

... why is she even carrying her homework in her shield?

... on the other hand, why *not*?

... on the *other* other hand, that might not even be *this* loop's homework.

You shake your head, and smile at her. Mami giggles, watching your expression fondly, before rising to collect her homework and textbook from her schoolbag.

You take a breath, smiling as Homura and Mami move over to the little coffee table, clearing a space for them to work. Meanwhile, you can and probably should contact Sayaka and Madoka, you think. They're long overdue for you to talk with, anyway. "*Sayaka?*"

"*Oh! Sabrina?*" The bleunette sounds startled.

"*How are you doing?*" you ask, pursing your lips slightly. You wave a finger in the air, a cascade of Grief marbles leaping forth from the slingbag at your command, alright melding into your instruments. Just a moment to decide what to play, and... [there](https://soundcloud.com/biyao24/01-sis-puella-magica) we go.

Mami looks up from her homework to smile at you, and you move to peek over her shoulder.

"*I'm fine,*" Sayaka replies. She sounds somewhat evasive, but then... you think you get it.

"*Good to hear,*" you say, reading Mami's textbook over her shoulder. A chapter on globalisation, apparently. "*I know you've had a rough night, so... you know we're here if you need help, right?*"

Sayaka pauses for a while before replying. "*Yeah,*" she says, a slight catch in her voice. "*Yeah, I know.*"

"*Good,*" you say firmly, watching as Mami highlights a section of her text. You shuffle on your knees over to Homura. "*Talk to you soon, yeah?*"

"*Yeah,*" she says. "*See you.*"

You peer over Homura's shoulder as you end the connection to Sayaka and reach out for Madoka instead. "*Madoka?*"

"*Ah! Hello, Sabrina!*" the pinkette replies.

"*Hi, Madoka. How are you?*" you ask, watching as Homura marks out her answers in a neat, even script. Science homework, from the looks of it, and flawlessly, unerringly done. More than anything, that attests to how long she's been doing this, you suppose...

"*Ah, I'm doing OK,*" Madoka says. "*I'm doing my homework! It's hard, though...*"

"*Hang in there,*" you tell her. "*I'm sure you'll get it right.*"

"*Thank you!*" she says. "*Um... was there a reason you called me?*"

"*Nah, I'm just checking in,*" you say.

"*Oh,*" Madoka says. "*Thank you!*"

"*Hey, you're my friend too,*" you say. "*Anyway... see you tomorrow?*"

"*Yes!*" she declares. "*See you, Sabrina!*"

"*Alright. See you,*" you say, and end the call.

Time passes quickly, and in relative silence. You help Mami with her revision, bouncing a few ideas and questions off her as she studies for the re-test, while Homura demolishes her worksheet in short order. Eventually, you're all done for the night.

Homura stands, tucking her homework away, and obviously preparing to leave.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

OK, so I meant to send Sabrina to sleep, but this seemed like a natural place to end the post. This next vote'll take you through wakeup and the early morning, so vote accordingly.
