# Residue processing pt. 24

You've no idea who it could be - Sasa Yuuki, the Soujos, someone else from Asunaro... There's no friendly meguca you know who wouldn't call ahead by telepathy. Except... A deep seated worm of apprehension takes root in your gut as you start to consider a very possibility, one your reluctant to even consider.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"I'm... not very sure," you admit. "I'll follow your lead, Mami."

She nods, expression firming. "Alright. We'll go and talk to her, then... This is a public place, so if she's hostile, she probably won't start anything here," Mami says. She hesitates for a moment before adding, "It's... fairly normal, for magical girls from out of town to meet somewhere public."

"OK," you say, gesturing forward. "Shall w- actually, I'll let Homura know, too, yeah?"

"That's a good idea," Mami says, giving you a distracted smile, before returning to frowning down the road as if she could see through the intervening distance and people and buildings and trees. She ignores the flow of people parting around the two of you, distracted. "I've made it *clear* that any magical girls passing through Mitakihara should let me know first... Maybe she's new?"

"*Homura, there's a magical girl ahead of us, on the way to school,*" you send telepathically. "*I don't know who it is. It looks like she might be waiting for us.*"

"*Understood,*" Homura replies nearly instantly. "*I'll check on Madoka.*" There's a pause, a few heartbeats, and then - "*Madoka's fine. I'll stay with her.*"

"*Right,*" you murmur. Turning your attention to Mami, you nod. "OK. I've told Homura - she's keeping an eye on Madoka to make sure."

"Alright," Mami nods again, straightening her posture resolutely. "Let's go."

You smile, squaring your shoulders, and fall into step beside Mami. It's really just a short walk, to the end of the street and around the corner and then you'll see who the mystery magical girl is. Just a little further.

Grief. In your bag, marbles by the hundreds immediately to hand. The bigger mass of Grief is seconds away, hovering unseen at the rooftop level, and all of it there and *present* in your mind's eye and ready to respond in an instant. You briefly wonder if you've sparked off any UFO stories yet? It's entirel- *focus*.

Assault rifle hiding with the main mass of Grief, gold bars and cash, too. If nothing else, you could possibly distract a hostile meguca with a literal rain of money for a moment. Obrez in your bag, within easy grasp. You roll your shoulders and flex your fingers slightly, limbering up just in case.

Just in case.

You try to quell the roiling mix of speculation and worry and lizards that's congealing in your stomach. Specifically bearded dragons. With raspberries balanced on their heads.

... Well, that last one's fine. Then mental image is kind of cute. And begs the question of *why,* but-

Almost at the corner. You take a deep breath, bracing yourself before you step around the corner at Mami's side, and-

*It's her*.

Moderately toned figure, brilliant blue eyes, messy mop of blue hair... tentative smile slipping off her face.

Beside you, Mami halts dead. Someone nearly runs into her from behind, but she barely notices. "Sabrina, is she...?"

Sayaka waves weakly at you. The morning sun glints off the new silver ring on her finger.

Mami's expression falls. "Oh. Oh, Sayaka," she whispers, quiet anguish in her voice. She starts forward, confident stride of before melting away.

Sayaka's expression crumples when on seeing Mami's expression. "I..."

"I..." Mami seems lost for words, too, stopping in front of Sayaka and wringing her hands. She can't seem to meet the younger girl's eyes.

"I," Sayaka swallows. "I didn't want to be helpless. I wanted to *help*." Desperation underlies her voice, her gaze darting between you and Mami.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Oh. Well then.
