# Residue processing pt. 25

Oh, no no no.

*Damn* it.

Sayaka. *Sayaka* made a contract. She made a *Wish,* and it's *your* fault. You weren't *there* for her - you should have seen the *signs*, her feeling ever more useless, ever more indebted. The tipping point was probably when you saved her from Elsa Maria, wasn't it?

You swallow hard, trying to squash the bubbling panic and terror and self recrimination. This is... not *good*, but it's not a *disaster*. Not yet. Sayaka's a magical girl, yes, but that doesn't mean that she's doomed to die. Even if she has, previously, but no, not with you around. You can keep her alive, no problem.

It's... not like you could have stopped her from making her choices. You can't, not if you want to still let her be her own person. And she made her choice, indeed.

She felt useless, because she had to be saved. From the fire, from homelessness, from a Witch. And in a very real way, she *was* powerless. So she reached out for power.

*Breathe in*.

At least she made her choice knowing some, if not all, of the... problems.

Though speaking of *knowing*... You might need to have *words* with Oriko. Maybe she didn't see this, but...

... You know, her precog seems pretty underwhelming, recently. She *did* point you at Elsa Maria and Megane, but she didn't see Sayaka nearly getting eaten until the last moment and if she saw Sayaka making a Wish, she certainly didn't mention it.

And *out*.

You reach out to Homura telepathically. "*Homura? It's Sayaka.*"

"It's OK, Sayaka," you say. You're quite proud of yourself; your voice doesn't waver. "You don't have to explain. I get it."

Sayaka swallows. "T-thanks."

Homura's response is a curt, "*Understood.*"

"Sayaka, you... your..." Mami makes a helpless little gesture at Sayaka's hand, and the Soul Gem glinting upon it.

"Y-yeah," Sayaka says. She gives a weak, wobbly smile. "I... didn't want to be a burden. I-it's... I was thinking about it a lot, and I kinda..." Sayaka trails off, looking away. "But this way I can help, right?"

You exhale sharply. "Yeah. We'll..." you trail off, try to smile encouragingly at her. You're not sure to what degree you succeed. "We'll all do our best. Make sure you-" *live* "-do well, too."

"Thanks," Sayaka says, a flash of a genuine smile showing for a moment. "Mami? Are you OK?"

Mami gives her a wan smile. "I'm alright." She bumps her shoulder against your side, and you oblige her unspoken request with a one armed hug, trying to inject reassurance into the gesture.

The three of you stand in a little bubble of silence admist the chattering students drifting towards the school. Sayaka's fiddling with the ring on her hand, twisting it around and around her finger, while Mami clings to your side.

"I'm sorry, Sayaka," you say at length, trying to purge your mind of thoughts of having an evil twin. Clones *would* be terribly nice, and let you do more things at once, bu- *focus*. "I didn't want you to get dragged into this, but I'm glad to have you with us. I know you'll be a *great* puella magi. Welcome to the team!"

"Heh. Thanks," Sayaka says, chuckling weakly. "Pu*er*la magi? Is that like magical girl?"

"Yeah, kind of," you shrug. "It's latin. Say, um, Sayaka? Could you tell me what you Wished for? I know it might be personal, but it's important for your magic."

Sayaka looks away, lips pressing together. "I wished I could do *something*," she says in a low voice. "I... yeah."

That's... a terribly open ended Wish. You open your mouth, about to ask her more, but you're interrupted by a familiar voice.

"Good morning!" Madoka calls as she walks up, Homura trailing at her side.

The time traveller's violet gaze shifts to Sayaka, then to you. Homura's posture is tightly controlled, her steps deliberately even and measured. Even so, you can see the tension in her jaw and shoulders as she returns to staring at the newly minted magical girl.

"O-oh, hi, Madoka," Sayaka says, waving at her friend with her *right* hand - the hand without the ring. "H-hi, Homura."

"Hi, Sayaka!" Madoka says, returning the wave. The smile droops a moment later, though. "I-is something wrong?"

**\[] Write-in**

( ＾◡＾)ノ" \*headpats\*

\=====​

Oh. Well then.
