# Residue processing pt. 26

You cock your head, glancing from Sayaka to Madoka, and then back again. "*Sayaka... you aren't trying to hide it from Madoka, are you?*" You include Mami and Homura, too.

"*I... I dunno,*" Sayaka admits. "*Sort of... having second thoughts, a bit, and... I don't know if Madoka would be happy?*"

"*You shouldn't hide things from your friend,*" Mami says.

"*Mami's right,*" you say. "*She'll figure it out, and it's best to just come clean on this. Hitomi, too.*"

You look at Madoka and smile. "Good morning, Madoka," you say.

"Good morning, Sabrina," she says, looking from Sayaka to you, a hopeful smile on her face. "Is t-there something wrong?"

You glance sidelong at Sayaka.

The blue haired girl sighs, apparently taking that as a prompt. "I..." In lieu of saying anything more, she raises her left hand, displaying the silver ring and the blue crescent mark gleaming on her fingernail.

"S-Sayaka... is that...?" Madoka trails off.

"I was... I couldn't do anything," Sayaka says, swallowing hard. "And... I've already been *helped*. I-I had to be helped. Three times in the past few days."

You find Homura's eyes on you, amethyst gaze intent. You can read a little worry in her frown, and dismay in the set of her jaw, and her shoulders are perhaps slumped a little more than might be usual.

You reach out telepathically to Homura. "*I'm sorry, Homura. I should have prevented this.*"

Madoka wrings her hands together. "You weren't... Mami and Sabrina and Hitomi..."

Sayaka shakes her head. "I was, Madoka... I owe them. I owe you, Mami, Sabrina. Homura, too" Mid-sentence, Sayaka turns, and bows. "I'll try my best to help, and pay you back."

Mami shakes her head. "There's nothing to 'pay us back' for, Sayaka," she disagrees. "And..." Mami swallows. "This... your *S-soul,* Sayaka."

Homura responds to you, finally, with a telepathic sigh. "*It's fine,*" she murmurs. "*Miki Sayaka is... *fated* to contract. I've never succeeded in convincing her otherwise.*"

Sayaka sags, running her hand -her right hand- through her hair. "I know. I-it's worth it," she says, setting her jaw as she glances from Mami to you, then Madoka. "It *is*."

You maintain eye contact with Homura, deep blue eyes meeting amethyst violet ones. She looks tired, the beginning of eyebags starting to form, and... resigned, from the set of her shoulders and the microscopic downturn of her mouth. "*Homura... Don't worry too much, please? Or, well, try not to? I can work with this.*"

A pause, as you consider your words. "*I understand where she's coming from, and I definitely won't let her die. And Madoka won't have to lose a friend if I have anything to say about it.*"

Sayaka's speaking to you. "It's worth it, right?" she asks - pleads, really. "I'm a, a, pue*rl*a magi now. I can fight with you, I can help."

You shake your head. "I can't tell *you* whether it's worth it. You have to decide that for yourself," you say. "But Sayaka, for what it's worth, I'm, *we're* going to make you a great magical girl. Though, um, I'd ask that you don't go and hunt any Witches alone, OK? There's a lot of us for any one of us to be risking our lives alone."

... If you're being fair, you should probably admit that you go on Witch hunts alone, but you are also bullshit levels of absurdly powerful and don't count. But that's not exactly helping your case, so you *don't* say it.

Sayaka grimaces. "Y-yeah. I get it," she says. "But-"

"Sayaka, we'll fight as a team," you say firmly, cutting her off. "And we'll train you - this evening, I think. But I'll see you at lunch as usual, and we'll train you after school, alright?"

Mami nods in agreement. "Yes, we will, Sayaka," she confirms, assaying a smile. "I... We'll all do our best. Though, ah, speaking of school, we need to go..."

"Ah, right," you murmur, flapping your hands in the general direction of the school. "Let's go, then, we can walk and talk." As you turn to start off towards the school, you reach out telepathically to Madoka. "*By the way, Madoka? I need to talk to you later, after school. It's important.*"

"Yeah..." Sayaka agrees, starting down the road. The rest of you follow.

Madoka responds to you as she walks, pink eyes worried. "*A-ah. Of course, Sabrina. I hope it's nothing bad?*"

The reveal of Sayaka now being a puella magi seems to have cast a pall on the morning, and all of you walk in silence, lost in your own thoughts. The early morning sunlight shines through the lush foliage to cast dappled patterns on the ground, and you idly try to step on just the sun-lit spots.

You muse on Oriko as you walk. Maybe she *saw* all this and *let* it happen, and maybe she didn't. Either way, you need to have *words* with her. You kind of hope that it's the latter, or if it's the former, then that she had a good reason.

You're sort of starting to like her, really. Her and bestbuddy. You *don't* want to treat her as an enemy. Of course, some thoroughly paranoid part of you whispers that maybe that was her plan all along.

Sayaka breaks the silence. "Um... Homura? You're OK with... this?"

"*Not really bad, but it *is* important,*" you reply at last to Madoka.

The time traveller rests violet eyes on Sayaka for a moment before delivering her judgement. "You made a mistake," she says bluntly.

You wince. Oh, Homura. Some things just don't change.

Sayaka bristles. "Hey. I know that this has its... drawbacks, but I don't think it was a *mistake*," she says. There's hardly any heat to her words, though, and what little ire there is is sapped away by her nervous twisting of the Soul Gem ring on her finger with her other hand.

"Homura, you should respect her decision," Mami says. "I think..." She trails off, biting her lip. "Never mind."

"M-mami?" Madoka asks.

"It's nothing," Mami says, a smile flowing on to her face. If you didn't know her better, you'd say it was absolutely natural. "Just thinking of ideas to train Sayaka with later."

"Ah!" Madoka says, smiling tentatively and giving Mami a hopeful look. "Um... Can I come along? Just to see?"

"I don't see why not," Mami says. "Homura, Sabrina?"

Homura shrugs. You think you see a trade of a frown flit across her face, but she doesn't say anything more.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Next vote will likely cover the girls going to school and the start of your next activity, so vote accordingly!
