# Residue processing pt. 27

You shrug. "Yeah, I'm fine with that," you answer easily. You feel a little trepidation about letting Madoka go with you for the training, but... shutting her out isn't viable in the slightest. Not only is that an awful thing to do to a friend... it'd only excacerbate her feelings of hopelessness. This is the least bad option, you think.

Madoka brightens a little. "Yay!" she says, smiling at everyone.

You glance from Madoka to Sayaka, out of the corner of your eyes. Similar, and yet different flavours of uselessness, huh? Kind of funny, if you think about it. And yet not really funny at all.

A shadow of Sayaka's usual grin returns. "You'll get to see how awesome I am, Madoka!" she says.

"Speaking of bad segues," you interject. "Can we all step off the main path for a moment? I think we could all use a cleansing."

"... That doesn't make sense, Sabrina," Mami says. She diverts her course off for one of the side paths, though.

"I *said* it was a bad segue," you point out with a little smirk. Simultaneously, you pulse a telepathic message to the bleunette. "*You're a magical girl now, Sayaka. No regrets, no worrying about the past, okay? Move forward and make a better future.*"

Sayaka glances at you out of the corner of her eye. "*Heh. I guess,*" she agrees. "*Just... yeah. I'm a magical girl now, and my S-soul is a *rock*. It's... something.*"

"*Mm,*" you agree. "*I know you're worried. Don't be. You'll do just fine.*"

As the five of you draw into the leafy, pleasantly cool shade of the side path, you stop in a corner, and your friends stop in a loose ring around you. You glance around at them - Mami, giving you a warm smile. Homura, looking as remote as ever, but a hint of tense worry in her posture. Sayaka, at once eager and nervous, and... Madoka, looking a little more cheerful despite a bit of nervousness.

"Alright," you murmur, and raise your hand. Grief seeps into the air from the gathered Soul Gems - yours, and Mami's, and Homura's, and Sayaka's. A deep purple haze swirls into the air, faintly malevolent feeling pressing against that *other* sense that came with your contract.

Sayaka shivers slightly. "Wow, that feels *weird*," she says.

You chuckle. "I guess it would." You glance at the cloud that you can see and everyone else can only *sense*, with its eye-twisting, unnerving fractal patterns that delve deeper and *deeper* into the fabric of Grief, *deeper* than the formless mass has any right to *be*-

"Is that it? I can... feel it, but I can't see it," Sayaka asks, squinting cross eyed at the approximate spot the Grief is hanging in.

Mami nods. "That's right, Sayaka," she says. "This is the corruption that builds up in your..." she bites her lip for a moment before continuing. "In your Soul Gem when you use magic, or feel... negative emotions." She glances at you, and you nod in confirmation. "Normally, we'd use Grief Seeds to cleanse, but with Sabrina here, that's not necessary." Mami gives you a quick smile.

"Right," you say, returning Mami's smile. You clench your raised hand into a fist, and the cloud implodes, Grief marbles nucleating out of firmament.

"Oh, hey, I can see that now," Sayaka says. "And it doesn't feel as... *bad*."

"Yeah, it seems to be a density thing," you offer with a shrug. "I don't really know *why*, but that's how it seems to work."

Madoka's looking around. "I don't feel anything..."

You shrug again, eyeing Homura. She's standing still, her hands hanging loosely at her side, and gaze fixed on Madoka.

Telepathy, then. "*Homura? I know all this *this-ness* changes things. Would you like to talk about it after lunch?*"

Her gaze shifts to you. "*Yes.*"

"*OK. After lunch, then,*" you confirm. "*And... Homura?*" You pause to make sure she's paying attention to you. "\*We'll be alright. We \*will."

Her only response is a telepathic sigh.

"Hey, uh, we should get going," Sayaka says, glancing around the circle.

"We should!" Madoka agrees, hefting her schoolbag a little. With that, you all start heading off to school.

When you arrive, you find Hitomi standing alone, looking around. A demure smile appears on her face when she catches sight of the five of you. "Oh, good morning, everyone," she greets as you approach her. "I was wondering where you were."

"Oh, uh, well," Sayaka says, rubbing at the back of her head as you all exchange greetings. "I, well..." she presents her left hand to Hitomi, with its gleaming silver ring.

Hitomi gives the ring a once over. "That's a nice ring," she says. "Um... but what does that have to do with anything?"

Sayaka blinks.

... hunh. Hitomi *wouldn't* know to associate the ring with being a magical girl, would she?

"I became a magical girl, Hitomi," Sayaka hisses.

"Oh," Hitomi says, tilting her head in surprise. "Ohhh, I see. And that ring is your transformation trinket?" She looks around at the rest of you.

Obligingly, you show her your ring, as does Mami.

"Ohhhh," Hitomi says, nodding in understanding. A smile appears on her face. "I'm happy for you, Sayaka."

"Yeah," Sayaka says. "Yeah, it's... yeah. I'm a magical girl now."

"I see," the verdette says with a nod. "That explains it, then. Shall we talk about this later? It's almost time for school."

"Yeah," you agree. "See you all at lunch, OK?"

"Bye!" Madoka says brightly. You exchange goodbyes, and Mami's the last, giving you a smile.

"See you, Sabrina," Mami says, standing in front of you.

You chuckle, and pull her into a tight hug. "See you, Mami," you whisper into her ear before releasing her. She steps back, smiling slightly, before turning to follow the others into the school building.

She disappears into the doors, peeking back out for one last look at you. You huff out a sigh, thoughts returning to the idea of Madoka making a contract as you meander off along the perimeter of the building. It's something that worries you hugely, and you're not really very sure how best to avert it. You... *really* need to have that talk with her.

"*Madoka?*" you say telepathically.

"*Ah! Sabrina?*" Madoka sounds surprised to hear from you.

"*Hey... Sayaka's in good hands. Try not to worry too much, OK?*" you tell her as you turn down a corner, eyeing the massive steel and glass edifice of Mitakihara Middle School. You can see the students thronging through the building, bound for their first classes.

"*I know,*" Madoka says. "*I-I'll try.*"

"*That's all I can ask for,*" you say, pushing your senses to their limits. Grief and magic alike - neither of them are particularly welcome in the school your friends go to. "*I'll talk to you later, OK? Have a good day at school.*"

"*OK!*" Madoka says, some of her cheer returning.

You nod, and continue walking around the building. You draw a few odd looks from passersby, but no one seems to be willing to comment, and you continue on unimpeded.

The Mitakihara Middle School building would be postmodernist architecture, you think? All glass and steel and swooping, diagonal lines. Maybe with a touch of pseudo Gothic or something of the sort in there, what with the castle on the roof, and- *that* signature would be Mami, you think, noting her presence in one of the upper floor classrooms. Nothing you haven't expected so far.

"*Mami?*" you say telepathically as you continue to circle the school building carefully. Freaking nearly-all-glass construction. You can sense... Sayaka and Homura, judging from the fact that they're in the same class room.

"*Sabrina?*" she replies, sounding curious.

"*Ah, I didn't want to bring this up in front of everyone, but... how are you holding up?*" you ask as you continue to pace along the pavements, navigating the thick, early morning crowds.

"*I'm... alright,*" Mami says. "*I... I think that Sayaka shouldn't have made her contract like this. It...*"

You wait for Mami to continue, and prompt her when she doesn't. "*Go on, Mami?*"

"*Kyuubey,*" Mami says simply. "*He took advantage of Sayaka, didn't he?*"

"*Yeah. Yeah, he did,*" you sigh.

Mami's silent for a moment, before she sighs, too. "*I... I'll see you at lunch?*"

"*Yeah. Of course, Mami. I promise,*" you say. "*But, um, one more thing I forgot to mention earlier? I talked to the Sendai and University groups earlier, and I wanted to hammer out a time to begin the cleansing arrangement? They said sometime over the weekend.*"

"*Ah... I'll come with you, Sabrina?*" Mami asks.

"*Of course,*" you agree readily. "*But I wanted to know if you had any particular preferences?*"

"*Well, um, we do have that picnic,*" Mami points out. "*I- ah, one minute, the teacher's here... Maybe after the picnic?*"

"*Yeah. So, Sunday, maybe?*" you say.

"*Sounds good,*" Mami replies.

"*OK. I'll get in touch with them later today, I guess,*" you say.

You can almost feel Mami's warm smile. "*Alright, then. I'll... see you at lunch, Sabrina.*"

"*See you soon, Mami,*" you agree. You're approaching the end of your circuit around the school, and there doesn't seem to be anything out of place, so you turn down a convenient alleyway.

An absent glance over your shoulder to make sure that you're properly out of sight from the roads, and you transform with a thought, the familiar, comforting weight of your mantled coat settling around your shoulders.

Marbles dissolve from your bag, pouring into the wings of corruption billowing out from your shoulders. They grow rapidly to fill the confined space of the alley as Grief swirls around you like living smoke. You crouch, and leap skywards, the downdraft from your wings scattering rubbish across the alley.

The thunder of your wings accompanies you as you spiral upwards, banking away from Mitakihara Middle School. It's odd. For all that the Grief carpet and the Grief Mobile Opression Fortress have more utility, the wings feel more *comfortable*, somehow.

You sigh as you soar through the air, heading towards Oriko's.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Wheeeee.
