# Residue processing pt. 28

The wind whistles through your hair, whipping it into an untidy mop as you soar over Mitakihara. With your massive wingspan, each deceptively lazy seeming downstroke slams through the air like distant thunder, the wingtips swishing with blistering speed.

You sort of wonder if you've started any urban legends yet. Seems like the kind of thing that might happen, what with your wings and the masses of Grief following you around.

... Then again, what with what you'd done in Sendai... Would Kyuubey have mindwiped them? Probably, you have to concede, but still.

You bank into a spiral on a thermal rising from slowly heating concrete and asphalt below, letting your mind drift. People. It's always about the *people*, isn't it?

Though speaking of memory wipes and people, Hitomi's reaction seemed a little odd. Muted. You're pretty sure Kyuubey agreed not to mindwipe her, and the fuzzy little bunnycat *probably* keeps its word, but still. Maybe she just doesn't care, or maybe she's just putting on a good face, but maybe it's something to look into later.

Oriko's mansion sits on top of a little hill: a big, white, and vaguely modern building. Dense rosebushes wind their way through a sizable backyard, just starting to bloom. From up here, you can see the gap in the greenery where you'd uprooted that rose bush a few days ago.

You huff out a sigh. Things seemed *simpler* back then.

They weren't, really, if you're being honest with yourself. It's always been about *people*. Mami and Homura and Sayaka and Madoka. Kirika and Oriko. Masami and Hiroko. Now\... you have to worry about Sayaka being a puella magi, and the Feathers, and *maybe* Oriko hasn't been honest with you.

You want her to have been honest, or her powers to fail, or *something*. You... don't *want* to have to do anything drastic to Oriko or Kirika. You really don't. Especially not bestbuddy.

You sigh again, and fold your wings behind you.

The wind snatches at your hair and coat as you plummet head down towards the sliver of green below. You kind of wonder if anyone's still taking care of the roses? She doesn't have a household maid or anything, that much is obvious, but maybe a gardener? Then again, said gardener would have had an aneurysm at the uprooted bush. And Oriko doesn't like roses, anyway.

Your wings flare wide, an immense downstroke catching you before you hit the ground, flattening the grass and scattering leaves and pebbles. The movement flips you upright, and you land smoothly on your feet.

And...

You frown up at the house. You can feel that. You can *feel* that. The nauseating, greasy sensation of Kirika's anti-magic at work, rapid, staccato pulses. No real *range* to it, but... nearly constant, a sphere of emptiness shivering against your senses.

The fractal purple fabric of your wings implodes into marbles, dissolving behind you as you walk towards the house. The glass door isn't locked, and you kick your shoes off before sliding the door aside before heading in. You can feel the quivering sphere of anti magic upstairs, so you take the stairs. As you walk, you draw a warhammer from thin air, hefting it lightly in your left hand. Your *right* hand is free to snatch the obrez from your bag if you need it.

The Mikuni mansion is richly furnished. Rugs and marble floors, and what you're fairly sure are polished oaken bannisters for the stairs. A thin layer of dust lies over everything.

Not like Oriko nor Kirika would be dusting.

You arrive at a wooden door, and just beyond it, you can feel the shiver of anti-magic.

A deep breath, and you push the door open.

"Hey, Sabrina."

Haggard.

That's your first impression of Kirika. There's bags under her eyes, and you sort of doubt she'd slept. Her blouse looks rumpled and sweat stained, hair lank and unkempt. She's sitting in a chair beside the enormous, opulent bed taking up the centre of the room - well, slumped over in the chair. The usual cheer is completely absent from her face, and she looks up at you with misery in her gaze.

"Hey, Kirika," you say, stopping short of the rapidly pulsing antimagic field. You take in her anguished, exhausted expression and bite your lip, fumbling for words. "Um..."

"No, she's not OK," Kirika says, the words tumbling over each other as they spill out from the black haired girl, gesturing at the bed's sole occupant. "Oriko told me not to call you, but you're here now so I can tell you."

Oriko looks *bad*. The seer's skin is usually pale, but now\... it's almost ashen. All the translucent pallor of a corpse - you can see the veins under her skin as she lies, nearly motionless on the bed. Only the slow rise and fall of her chest indicates that she's still alive. Her hand is clutched in Kirika's and at a guess, she's gripping back with just as much force as Kirika is.

That, and her Soul Gem, gleaming on the bedside table. The clear Seed balances on its point next to it, and the vibrant orange of Kirika's Soul Gem sandwiches it in.

You blink. You came here expecting to maybe chastise Oriko, maybe have to do something *drastic*, but...

"I'm alive," an utterly alien voice croaks. It takes you a moment to realise that it's Oriko, speaking from between lips that are all but *grey* with a voice that's half slurred. The seer cracks one eye open, sea-green gaze fixing on you. "Hello, Sabrina. Would you believe me if I said none of this was in my plans?"

"... Quite possibly," you concede, taking in her state. "What..."

"Is going on?" Oriko smiles weakly. It's not really a *happy* expression. "I don't *know*. Kirika, dear, could you get us all a drink? Instructions for brewing tea are on the refrigerator."

"But-" Kirika says, jolting up from her half-doze.

"Dear, you know it doesn't help," Oriko says gently, squeezing Kirika's hand.

"I-I-" Kirika stutters. "I wished to *help* you. I can *help* you."

Oriko doesn't say anything, simply opening her other eye to look up at Kirika.

The black haired girl wilts, the shivering field of antimagic juddering and fading out. "OK," she whispers. She hesitates for a moment before leaving over the bed to give Oriko a quick kiss on the forehead, before standing. She looks at you. "Take care of her," she says. "I'll be back soon."

Without waiting for a response, she leaves the room at a run, brushing past you.

Oriko sags back into the pillows, her eyes sliding closed. Her one hand fists against the sheets. "I lied," she notes, wincing. "But I wanted her to relax a little."

She exhales. "How am I? Not at all well. What's wrong? I don't know. I... My powers give me headaches," her voice is low, pained. "I've never had one this bad. Ask your questions."

The sudden change in topic almost catches you by surprise.

**\[] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X] Ask her about the clear seed. Any current or future problems with them? You were thinking about handing them out to certain people and needed to know if there would be any issues or if they were safe.
\[X] Does she know what happened to Sayaka? You had... really screwed up the other day and now Sayaka is a magical girl and is fully involved in this mess.
\[X] Even though this was all on you, you still need to know something. You had asked her to look into the future to see if Sayaka and her family would be safe. And yet, if she saw Sayaka as a magical girl, wearing the ring, or making a wish, she certainly didn't tell you about it. What exactly happened there?
\-\[X] Did she know?

\=====​

Do you remember what happens in Residue Processing?
