# Residue processing pt. 29

You sigh, eyeing Oriko's form, collapsed in the bed with her eyes squeezed shut and hand fisted in the sheets. You're...

Suspicions rise to the forefront of your mind. She *could* conceivably be faking it, and she *could* have orchestrated everything to date. You choke back your suspicions, for now. They're... *there*, but you also think that those suspicions are kind of reaching, to put it mildly. Well. You'll keep them in mind, you suppose.

Oriko cracks an eye open to peer up at you again, seemingly waiting for you to say something.

"No," you decide, looking at her. In the back of your mind, you can feel Kirika rummaging around in the kitchen, her actions sharp and hurried. "Not with you like this." She's changing the subject, but you'll let her.

You move over to the bed, claiming Kirika's chair for now. Raising a hand, you summon the silver glow of your magic to your hand.

"*That* doesn't help," Oriko murmurs before you can apply.it to her forehead. "Kirika tried that."

"... Ah. Well," you say. "Do you know how to turn off pain?"

Oriko squeezes her eyes shut. "No, I don't."

"Alright," you say, sitting back in the chair. You eye Oriko - she's *not* faking the pain, you don't think. A thin sheen of sweat beads her forehead, and her tightly clenched lips are very nearly grey. Ashen. "I hope this helps, but... Oriko, you know that we *are* our Soul Gems, right?"

"Yes," she manages.

"Alright, so, concentrate on that link," you say. "There's a, a way of *detaching* yourself from your body. It dulls pain and sensation. You should be able to do it, just... Focus."

"Yes," Oriko murmurs, her lips barely moving. Her eyes screw shut tightly, and her single hand twists the sheets.

A long moment later, she delivers her verdict. "It doesn't work. But I appreciate the thought."

"Tsk," you say. "Fine. Another thing, then." A marble rises out of your sling bag and drops into your hand.

Pelting footsteps sound at the door, and you look up just in time to see Kirika returning with a tray bearing teapot and cups. Some of the tea slops out of the pot as she sets it down none too gently on the bedside table.

Guessing at her intentions, you rise from the chair just as she rounds the bed to Oriko's side. Kirika gives you a quick, weary grin as she passes you, before dropping into the chair and reaching out to take the seer's hand. "I'm here, Oriko," she says.

"I know," Oriko says, opening her eyes to smile at the black haired girl.

You busy yourself with the tray of tea, pouring it out carefully before taking a tentative sip. To your surprise, it's brewed fairly well. No traces of the unpleasant bitterness you'd expect from overheated tea.

"Anyway," you say, still tactfully looking away. "I'm going to try something that will maybe help? It'll feel Witchy, though."

"You *can* look," Oriko observes, a trace of dry humour in her voice despite the edge of pain. "We're not doing anything."

"Yeah, yeah," you say, setting down the teacup and holding out the hand with your Grief marble. "Kirika, please don't antimagic, I have no idea how that will interact with this. Now, let me see..." You focus on the marble, and it thins, a hole developing in the center before it forms into a doughnut shape that then warps into a ring. *Block the pain of your wearer.* You *push* mentally, bearing down with your will, and-

It gives way abruptly, developing a golden sheen. Runes burn for a moment around the edges before fading away. The ring *sings* in your senses, *Witch, Witch, Witch.*

"Alright," you say, turning back to Oriko and Kirika. The black haired girl gives you a hopeful grin, her fang peeking out for a moment. "... actually, while I'm pretty sure this should work, I should probably test it first."

"What's that?" Kirika asks.

"Pain blocking ring for Oriko, I hope," you say, fitting the ring to your right hand. It mirrors the regular Grief ring on your *left* hand, glinting gold in the light.

Kirika sits up. "*I* should test it," she says. "What if it doesn't react the same way to other people?"

You blink at her. "It *should*, but... here." You slip the ring off, and toss it to Kirika.

She catches the ring deftly and slides it onto her own finger. "So how does this work?"

You shrug. "It blocks pain. So, uh, pinch yourself?"

Kirika nods, and pinches her inner arm. Then she pinches *harder*, and twists the little fold of flesh.

Oriko cracks her eyes open to peer at Kirika. "Dear, I think it works," she whispers, voice thready from pain.

"Ah, yeah, OK," Kirika says, releasing the pinched skin. She removes the ring, and then grasps the seer's hand, holding the ring to Oriko's ring finger. The black haired girl promptly begins blushing furiously.

Oriko stares up at Kirika for a moment, before a mirroring blush starts to suffuse her too-pale face.

You bury your face in your palm. "Oh my *god*," you mutter into your hand. You can't decide whether to laugh or squee or just yell at them. You decide to do neither, instead reflecting that they really have... well Kirika's Wish *did* affect her mind, but really they have a healthier relationship than you do with Mami.

... you owe it to her to change that, though you're not terribly sure *how*.

After a full *minute* of *staring* and *blushing* at each other, Kirika *finally* slides the ring onto Oriko's finger. Her blush fades a little, expression sobering as she gives the seer a concerned, questioning look.

Oriko's grip on her pillow eases. The blush doesn't entirely fade from her face, a healthier colour taking hold to replace the former pallor. Sea green eyes open, the seer looking surprised. "It... works," she says.

"Excell-" you're cut off by a ballistic, enthusiastically hugging girl, tackling you around the waist.

"Thank you thank you thank you!" Kirika squeaks, wrapping her arms tightly around you.

"Y-yeah," you wheeze, patting her on the head. She is *strong*.

"Sorry!" Kirika says, popping off you and practically flying back to Oriko's side. She grabs the silver haired girl's hand and intertwines their fingers, grinning broadly.

Oriko smiles up at her, before turning and nodding to you. "Thank you."

You exhale slowly, smiling in response. "No problem, Oriko. Mind if I take a look at your Soul Gems?"

"Go ahead," Oriko says.

You walk over to the bedside table, grabbing a cup of tea and sipping it. You squint down at the Soul Gems and the clear Seed. They... *look* normal, as far as you can tell. They feel normal, too. The clear Seed is...

It's a little fuller than it used to be, which is unsurprising, since it's being used. It's also a little... *noisier* than it used to be, a kind of *pushing* sensation bubbling against your senses. It's not exactly the active *hunger* of a full Grief Seed, but it *is* different.

You purse your lips, considering the clear Seed, balanced on its point. Mentally, you compare it to Hildegarde's Grief Seed, which *is* inert.

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Make sure a window is open for excess grief. Cleanse all soul gems and the clear seed as applicable.
- [x] Ask Oriko when the headache started getting 'really' bad.
- [x] Is Kirika feeling any pain?
- [x] Why didn't you call me?

---​

OK, so I'll say it for the record, since while I like arguments, there's a limit to it. Oriko's not faking.
