# Residue processing pt. 30

You exhale, mind spinning with speculation. That *worked*, and you're glad, but you need to figure out a more *permanent* solution. It's not like your pain blocking ring will persist without you there, and it's not like you can bring Oriko and Kirika to lunch. But here and now\...

"Alright, so... I'm going to go ahead and cleanse your Soul Gems, OK?" you say, glancing over at the window. It's a pleasantly cool day so far, so their window's already open. That's fine.

"Yeah!" Kirika says brightly, good cheer restored.

"Go ahead, Sabrina," Oriko says. She still doesn't look entirely *healthy*, per se - still, tired, and her skin is still kind of sallow. You can see the veins under her skin, greenish blue and prominent. But then again, a night of crippling pain will do that to you, you suppose.

"Mmm," you say, pinching lightly at the air and *pulling*. Grief flows out of the Soul Gems, a wispy banner of deep purple haze twisting and writhing through the air. It streams out of the window in ropy tendrils to join the bulk of your Grief lurking in the rose garden below as you cleanse both Soul Gems and the clear Seed, restoring it to its empty state.

To your surprise, the clear Seed doesn't quite go into hibernation. There's still a bubbling sensation, *pushing* weakly on your senses. You pick up the Grief Seed, frowning at it briefly before putting it down again. You'll... come back to that in a moment. "Hmm. Oriko, do you mind if I ask some questions?"

"No," Oriko says, looking up at you. "Go ahead."

"Alright, so..." You take a moment to marshal your thoughts, debating how much to ask and how much not to. "OK. When did the headaches start, and *how* did they start? I mean, was it a slow build up, or all at once?"

Oriko closes her eyes, leaning back against the pillow. "I already had a migraine when... whatever happened with Miki Sayaka and the Witch happened. It got worse shortly after."

"About nine?" Kirika offers with a shrug.

"Hmm," you say, considering that. That would... *roughly* match up with the time Sayaka making her Wish, you think. Which *does* lend credence to that one theory bouncing around the back of your head about her Wish or power somehow attacking Oriko? You're not sure whether her power, whatever it might be, works that way, though.

You'll find out.

"Any idea what the cause might be?" you ask hopefully. It's unlikely she knows, but there's no harm in asking.

Oriko shakes her head, silver hair brushing against her shoulders. She suppresses a slight wince of pain.

"Hmm. Didn't expect an answer that way," you say with a shrug. "Alright, then... Compare this to, ah, *previous*, similar situations. How is it different?"

"*Those* were..." Oriko pauses, searching for the words. "Like a sledgehammer to the head." She gives you a meaningful look. "Or simple cessation, in the case of the feathers. This is... everything *squeezing*."

*That* sounds interesting. "Squeezing?" you ask curiously, snagging teacups and offering them to Oriko and Kirika. Still warm, so good enough. No need to refill, or indeed, microwave them.

Kirika accepts the tea and drains it in one long pull, holding it back out to you with a bright grin, fang poking out of her mouth. Oriko sips hers slowly for a moment before she answers. "It feels like... reality is closing in."

You frown, turning that statement over and over as you refill Kirika's tea and hand it back to her, claiming the last cup for yourself. Before you can ask anything more, Oriko speaks again.

"It's like being in a glass room," Oriko murmurs, eyes distant and staring at the ceiling above. "I can *see*. Sometimes, someone breaks a pane of glass-" another look at you, "-but that gets replaced. Sometimes, a blizzard of black feathers blocks sight out and then rearranges the scenery. Now\... the walls are closing in." She sighs, refocusing on you. "Describing powers is hard, and metaphor is imprecise."

"Mine's like a switch!" Kirika volunteers. "I press it, and *blaaat*. Then there's these knobby things to change the shape and stuff." She mimes playing with a control panel, making beeping and clicking noises, while Oriko gives her a fond smile.

"... that's fair," you say. "I'm not sure how I'd describe *my* powers, either." You pause, marshalling your thoughts. What she said was *interesting*, certainly, but you'll get to the end of your list, first. "Alright... how well was Kirika's anti-magic working before we arrived?"

"Not very well," Oriko says, frowning at you. A telepathic message hits your mind. "*I was trying to convince Kirika to rest.*"

Oh. Right, she said as much.

Kirika's smile dims. Oriko squeezes her hand, smiling up at the girl before releasing her hand, only to reach up and slide her hand around Kirika's head and pull her down so that they're forehead to forehead. "It's alright, dear," she mumurs quietly.

"O-OK," Kirika whispers, closing her eyes.

You busy yourself with your teacup for a moment, feeling like an intruder.

A moment later, Oriko glances at you. "Next question, Sabrina?"

"One for Kirika, actually," you say, looking at the black haired girl. She grins back at you. "Are *you* having any problems?"

"Nah," Kirika says. "I'm A-OK. Sleepy, but thaaa-" she interrupts herself with a yawn "-thaaaat's fine."

"Hm," you say.

"What, you think it might be your funny Grief Seed?" Kirika asks.

You shrug. "I *thought* it might be."

"Guessing it's not," Kirika says, with a satisfied air of having solved a great puzzle as she sits back, arms crossed smugly over her chest. "No headaches here."

"Right, right," you say absently, considering what you've learned. You hold your hand out, summoning a blob of Grief, and it coasts to a halt in your hand. "OK, so, two things I want to try is... well, a magic scanner, and the other is trying to block off outside influences."

Oriko gives a measured nod.

"Mm," you say, focusing your attention on the Grief. A *scanner*. You press your hands together, the Grief flowing like putty and congealing into a rigid shape as you withdraw your hands.

*Witch*.

You get... a screen. One of those vaguely cartoony ones in dark green, concentric circles marked out in a lighter green ones, and two handles on either side of the screen. On the screen, you can see a fuzzy image of what's on the other side.

"It looks like a toy," Kirika notes, nodding solemnly.

"Yep," you agree, pointing it at her. You see the outline of her body and a pseudo-nervous system limned in green fire, delicate traceries spinning across the room to her Soul Gem. It's... more or less the same thing as you see with your Wish-borne senses, disappointingly.

But...

You take a closer look at Oriko's Soul Gem, with both the sensor and your senses.

There's... *something* strange. It's almost like her Soul Gem's turning in on itself slowly, rotating through odd geometries you can sort of *feel*. Now that you're looking, it's something like a Klein bottle, burning magic twisting in on itself.

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] If nothing has been found thus far ask if you can see if using a quarantine bubble and taking off the painkiller ring works to stop the effects. Give her the ring back at once if it doesn't work. If it does, can Oriko use her precog in a quarantine bubble?
- [x] Examine all the seeds on hand, cleansing as needed to 'standard' cleansed state - that is NO making more clear seeds.
- [x] Explain situation to Mami and Homura over telepathy.
- [x] Ask why Oriko and company did not call earlier.

\=====​

[Klein bottle](http://i.imgur.com/IIA0P76.gif).
