# Residue processing pt. 31

You tilt your head to the side. *That's* different. That's also *not right*. You twitch the scanner to the side, looking at Kirika's Soul Gem both on screen and through your Grief senses.

Kirika's Soul Gem is like every other one you've seen. Delicate, fiery traceries of magic blaze within it, webbing to and from a single point of abyssal darkness that slowly bleeds outwards. Gossamer streamers burn across the aether, invisible lattices spinning towards Kirika's body.
Philotes
That looks *normal*. And it's one more data point, but you're starting to come to a thoroughly unpleasant solution.

You turn your attention to your own Soul Gem. It's... yes, it's the same. The familiar ghostly strands of magic blazing invisibly in the air. That same quiet sepulchral pres-
Dedolere
\-sence lurking in the depths of your Soul.

You suppress a shudder from the sensation of icy fingers running down your spine.

"Is something wrong?" Oriko asks, glancing at you.

"Someone walking on my grave," you mutter in response, shaking your head. "But here. Look at this."

You tilt the screen towards them - shadowy outlines of furniture, eclipsed by the incandescent blazes of light that are the Soul Gems. "That's Kirika's Soul Gem," you say, pointing out the obvious. "And that's yours, Oriko."

Oriko frowns. "What am I looking at?"

"Magic!" Kirika chirps. Her bright grin quickly slides off her face, though. "Yours doesn't look right."

"Yeah, it doesn't," you agree, detaching your own Soul Gem from the lapel of your coat and holding it up to the scanner. "Here's mine for comparison."

"I see," Oriko murmurs, though you can still see confusion in the way her head's tilted slightly to the side and her eyes don't leave the screen as if she might divine meaning by staring at the distinctly and *definitionally* non-Euclidean geometry of her Soul.

Kirika chews on her lip, staring on the screen. "Oriko, I thin-"

You cut her off. "Kirika, wait."

She falls silent, cocking her head to the side, citrine eyes on you.

"OK. I'm going to try one more thing, first," you say. You don't know whether Kyuubey's actively working against you. He contracted Sayaka, but... that might have been just Coobie being Coobie. For now, you'll still operate on higher security.

"Yeah?" Kirika says, sounding confused.

"Mm," you say, raising a hand. Grief sweeps in through the window, a tide of deep purple flooding in as a torrent. It pours around you, all three of you, wrapping under the bed and over your heads and blotting out the light.

You hear an alarmed squeak before you *will* the interior of the sphere to glow. As a gentle illumination begins to suffuse the interior of your not-really-a-sphere, another effort of will -*shield us from outside influence*- turns it into an interdiction still-not-really-a-sphere.

When you turn back to Kirika, you find her clinging to Oriko's side in an awkward, hunched over posture, and the seer's arm is wrapped around her waist. You raise an eyebrow.

"She doesn't like darkness," Oriko notes.

"Orikooooooooo," Kirika whines, lifting her head from Oriko's shoulder. "You didn't have to tell heeeeerrrr."

"But I did, dear," Oriko says, smiling at her.

Kirika pouts and flops over on the bed next to Oriko, reaching up to play with Oriko's silvery mane of hair.

... It occurs to you that this is probably at least part of the reason Megane was so annoyed with you, yesterday. Then again, you're really not going to interrupt what really *is* the healthiest relationship you've seen.

You suppress your own thoughts and emotions as much as Mami does, if not even more. It... isn't healthy at all. For either of you. You do it for the sake of everyone else, but still.

You... maybe you owe it to her to let things change.

Oriko turns back to you, finalky. "I suppose the barrier you made is for privacy?"

"Yeah," you say. "It shields us from all outside interaction, or at least it's supposed to. Including a certain Incubator's prying eyes." You press your lips together. "So. Kirika, you were going to say something?"

"Yeaaaah but I kii*iiiinda* forgot what it was," Kirika says, sticking her tongue out at you. "You scared my train of thought away!"

"Heh. Sorry?" you say. "Though now that we've blocked off everything from the outside..." You lift the scanner again, pointing it at Oriko's Soul Gem.

No change.

"Tsk," you mutter, showing the screen to the pair on the bed. "Oriko? Would you mind taking off the ring? Just for confirmation? You can put it back on immediately if things haven't changed."

Oriko frowns. "I would prefer not to," she says, glancing at the screen. "It doesn't look like anything has changed."

"It's just confirmation," you offer.

She shakes her head. "I would prefer not to," she repeats.

You sigh. "Alright then, I thin-"

"Oh! Now I remember!" Kirika says. "I... I think Oriko's magic is turning on itself somehow? You can fix that, right?" She turns a bright, hopeful smile on you.

You purse your lips. "That's... pretty much what I was thinking, Kirika - about Oriko's magic, I mean. I can't promise anything, though. Let me think about this?"

Kirika's smile dims, but she nods eagerly.

"Hmm..." you say, idly claiming Kirika's chair, since she's not using it, and drag it over to your spot by the bedside table. You plonk yourself on the chair, eyeing Aurora's Grief Seed.

Out of curiosity, you hold Hildegarde's Seed beside it for comparison, inspecting both with the scanner and your Grief senses. Neither reports much difference from what you'd expected. Hildegarde is silent as the grave, a plutonic spot of darkness still stuck in the quiet limbo of hibernation.

Aurora... Aurora *grumbles*, is the best way you can put it. It's the same tiny speck of darkness, but one that pushes against you, somehow. Weakly, and yet... it's present.

"Sabrina? Anything interesting there?" Kirika prompts, fanning herself with her hand. It *is* a little stuffy in here.

"Not... really relevant, I just wanted to look while I had my scanner out. Still thinking about it," you say, waving said scanner at Kirika. "But here's a thought, Oriko."

The seer looks at you, sea-green eyes almost luminous in the gentle glow from the inside of your sphere. "Yes?"

"Don't you find it strange that you can't shut off your powers?" you say slowly, dredging up the memories and words from *somewhere*. "You once told me Wishes do what you want them to. Have you found your answer yet?" You meet her eyes squarely. "What do you think your life's purpose is?"

"To save the world," Oriko answers without hesitation.

"Are you sure, Oriko?" you ask softly, without emphasis. You remember that elsewhere, and else*when*, she would have realised that her life's purpose wasn't to save the world. It was to protect Kirika.

It's always about the people.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Isn't it?
