# Residue processing pt. 32

Oriko seems thoughtful, brow creased in thought. You're pretty sure she knows you're driving at something in particular, and she's trying to figure out what you might be driving at.

Good. At least you're on the same page.

You consider just telling her, outright. That another Oriko, elsewhere and elsewhen, realised that *Kirika* was the meaning of her life, as sappy as it is.

Then again.

Saving the world, saving one broken little girl. What's the difference, eh? It's always about the *people...*

"The world's a big place," you say meditatively. "Does it really matter to you that much? Do people you've never met, people who hate you really mean as much to you as people you know and care about?"

"That, coming from *you*?" Oriko asks.

"I'm not saying be *selfish*," you murmur, crossing one leg over the other and leaning forward to rest your elbows on your thighs. "I'm saying that you can want to save the world, but you can have a *reason* for wanting to do that."

"Saving the world sounds preeeetty good to me," Kirika offers, waving a hand at the ceiling.

"Sure," you agree. "But it's a goal, not a reason."

"Oooh. *Ooooh,* I geddit," Kirika says, nodding sagely. She promptly turns over and cuddles against Oriko.

Come *on*, Oriko, you're a smart girl, if a bit addicted to convoluted, Byzantine scheming and *there's a great big hint attached to your side right now*.

... Sweet merciful Madokami above but you *want* to say it.

"Sabriiiinaaaa? You OK?" Kirika asks curiously, lifting her head to peek at you. "'skinda stuffy in here, isn't it?"

You probably didn't keep all of that last thought off your face, did you. "It is," you agree. Kirika nods, looking satisfied.

You return your attention to Oriko, watching as the seer stares up at the ceiling, lost in thought. Tsk. Missing the forest for the trees, probably, because she's wrapped up in trying to figure out what vast conspiracy there is working the skeins of reality threaded through her skull or some such.

You sort of wonder if *you've* missed anything important. In general, anyway. Here and now, you're pretty sure on *this* particular little problem with Oriko.

"What did your magic show you when you first made your Wish?" you ask quietly. You press your lips together, considering for a moment, before adding, "I'm not asking just out of curiosity. I think... I think we might need to do some things differently."

Oriko frowns at you. "I saw\... you. Akemi Homura, Kaname Madoka. The Incubator's machinations. Kirika. But what do you mean?"

You purse your lips for a long moment, turning the thought over in your mind. "I think what's wrong with your magic has to do with your wish- if you don't know your purpose yet, if you can't achieve it trapped like this... I don't know. Just think about it, okay?"

Oriko nods slowly. "Will you let me go free, then?"

You shake your head. "I don't think I *can*. Not yet, maybe. Homura, you know? But..." you chew on your lip for a moment. Another hint, since she *still* hasn't figured it out? "A thought, Oriko. When we fought, saving the world was what you were willing to die for," you say slowly.

Kirika rolls over, wrapping Oriko in a protective hug.

"But what were you willing to *live* for?" you ask, letting your eyes flick to the oblivious form of Kirika, and then back to Oriko.

You sigh, swirling the teacup in your hand around and watching the little bits of tealeaf drift along in the current before.

Oriko regards the girl wrapped around her with a thoughtful air. Eventually, she shakes her head slowly. "I... have an inkling of what you're trying to tell me, Sabrina," she says. "But I don't think I *understand*."

You purse your lips and exhale slowly. "We'll find a way to fix this. Really."

The seer nods cautiously, not saying anything more.

"Feh," you grunt, and reach out to replace the teacup on the tray. With your other hand, you pull your phone out of your pocket and check the time.

... you know, it's sort of interesting that stuff in your civilian clothes remains when you transform? They even redistribute themselves in the pockets of your longcoat, which is nice.

It's only nine or so - you didn't spend *that* much time travelling here or talking to Oriko. A thought strikes you, and you glance back at the seer.

"Hey, Oriko?" you ask. "One more thing. Why did you try and hide it from me? I could have helped earlier if I'd known."

Oriko sighs. "It was only pain," she murmurs. "I had hoped I could deal with it myself."

You purse your lips. "Oriko... I want to *help*."

"And sometimes, I want to be able to do things by myself," she counters calmly.

You sigh, closing your eyes. "Point taken. Anyway. I'm going to drop the interdiction barrier now, unless there's anything else?" you say.

Oriko shakes her head, while Kirika doesn't say anything else, apparently content to wind her fingers through Oriko's mass of silvery hair.

Without getting up from the chair, you wave idly at the sphere, and it collapses like a bubble popping. Fresh, cool air floods in, a welcome relief after the stuffy interdiction sphere, and you take a deep, grateful breath. A thought sweeps the Grief aside, pouring back out of the window from whence it came.

"Ooh, fresh air!" Kirika exclaims, bouncing off the bed and spinning in a circle, arms outstretched. *Far* too much energy, that girl. You briefly consider giving her wings at some point - she wants to fly, doesn't she?

Heh. 'Red Bull gives you wings'.

You take a moment to imagine Kirika on Red Bull, or any other energy drink, and shudder.

Kirika finishes her piourette and drops back onto the bed, flopping lengthwise across Oriko before curling up against the seer.

"Anyway, I'm going to talk to Mami and Homura, OK?" you say. You reach out telepathically for your friends. "*Mami, Homura?*"

"*What is it?*" Homura responds almost immediately, followed a hair behind by Mami's cheerful, "*Hi, Sabrina!*"

"*Hi Mami, Homura,*" you say. "*Hey, um, there's a bit of a problem with Oriko.*"

"*Do you need me there?*" Homura replies sharply.

"*No... not that kind of problem,*" you say. "*Oriko's... powers seem to be acting up. And I can verify it; her Soul Gem does *not* look right. She's in crippling pain, and she kind of has to stay within a hundred meter range of me.*"

Homura's glower is so loud you can practically *smell* it from over here.

"*Sabrina, you should be careful,*" Mami says. "*She was our enemy, once.*"

"*I know, I know,*" you say. "*But she's in pain. I... I was thinking maybe Oriko and Kirika could follow me for a while today, at least until lunc-*"

"*No.*" Homura's voice is glacially remote.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Oh. ~~Mom~~ Homura put her foot down.
