# Residue processing pt. 33

You groan to yourself, rubbing at your forehead and drawing a curious look from Kirika. You *should* have expected this. Homura... *hates* Oriko and Kirika. Mostly the former. You can kind of understand it, you guess, even if you don't agree with it.

Elsewhere, and elsewhen, Homura will once have made friends with Madoka and Sayaka and Mami. And Mami and her fought side by side, and things were going *well*. They'd gone well up until those last five minutes, and she stumbled upon Madoka's corpse, impaled on a near 'miss' from Oriko.

Defeat, snatched from the jaws of victory and handed to her.

But that was then, and this is now.

"*Homura, hear me out, please?*" you ask quietly. "*If I can't convince you and Mami, then that's that, but can I talk?*" You're not absolutely sure you *will* leave it.

Do you have it in you to go against Homura? Against your friend?

You can't honestly answer the question. Not yet, perhaps.

Mami speaks a few moments later. "*Homura?*" she prompts, voice tentative.

"*Fine,*" Homura bites out, mental voice impatient.

That's a first step, at least.

You take a deep breath to marshal the thoughts cascading through your mind. Half a dozen ways to present your case, arguments and counterarguments and how Homura might react.

You huff out an annoyed breath, garnering a regal, sympathetic nod from Oriko. She can probably guess what's troubling you. Kirika, on the other hand, seems to be halfway through the process of collapsing into a cuddle on Oriko's lap, apparently content with that.

"*Oriko isn't... simply in pain,*" you say quietly, leaning back in your chair and hooking your arms over the back. "*She's really hurting. She looked like a corpse when I got here, and she can't possibly fake... Her Soul Gem, her Soul, it's *wrong*. It's not something she can fake.*"

You're pretty sure, anyway. You glance over at Oriko - she still looks kind of drawn, but at least her colour's somewhat healthier, and she doesn't look like she's in pain for now. Her eyes are distant, staring out of the window at what she can see of Mitakihara with a melancholic twist to her mouth. She's got her arm wrapped around Kirika, slowly stroking the other girl's back.

"*It's not even something most magical girls can *see*. It's *destroying* her from the inside. If I leave... I have no idea what will happen,*" you tell Homura.

The time traveller doesn't respond, maintaining her stony silence.

You suppress a frustrated groan, rubbing at your forehead. "*I understand they're dangerous, Homura,*" you say. "*I get that. I really do.*"

You take a breath, even if you don't really need to - you're speaking telepathically, after all. "*But *so am I*. I can take them. I won't be taking my eyes off them for a second; I'm prepared for treachery; Oriko's wearing a magical ring with properties of my choosing, which I can change on a whim; I can hold onto their soul gems as a condition of their temporary outing.*"

How much of that is an empty threat? You grimace to yourself, glancing from Oriko to Kirika, now curled up on top of Oriko like a cat. She seems to sense your eyes on her, and cracks one orange eye open and grins at you, fang poking out.

"*They're not going to be anywhere near our friends, Homura. They can't leave my range and most importantly, they're accounted for.*"

"*And...*" One last reassurance, maybe. "*If they try to backstab me... they won't succeed.*"

"*No.*" Homura's refusal is short and sharp.

"*Homura... from what Sabrina says, it sounds like Miss Mikuni might really be having troubles,*" Mami says, loyally backing you up. "*I understand your concerns, but couldn't you trust Sabrina?*"

Homura's silent for a moment. "*I trust Sabrina,*" she admits. "*I don't trust them.*"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Well. Shit.
