# Residue processing pt. 34

That's... actually quite humbling. *Homura*, of all people, trusts *you*.

You swallow. Despite that, despite your promise... one last try. Just one last try, you promise yourself.

"*Homura...*thank you," you say softly. "*What I'm asking is for you to trust *me* with handling them. I *understand* we can't trust them, but leaving her like this? It's just cruel, Homura, and she might die, or worse. I... something's definitely wrong and I don't want to just leave it like this.*"

You look at Oriko and Kirika. Sensing your eyes on her, the seer looks up from Kirika, meeting your gaze steadily. Sea green against clear blue. She arches one elegant brow at you. You shrug, grimacing, and she nods slowly.

Homura sighs, the sound transmitting telepathically. "*Why do you care?*"

"*Because they're in *my* care,*" you say. "*She's *helped* us. Like yesterday; we wouldn't even have* known*if Oriko didn't warn us. Sayaka could have been eaten by a Witch.*"

Homura's silent, but you can sense her displeasure and faint dismay even over telepathy.

"*Homura, I... look. If it's just my safety you're concerned about, I won't mess around. I *promise*. Oriko's still my prisoner. If she steps out of line, or goes for an opportunity, I'll go for the gem,*" you glance at the seer again. She's now playing idly with Kirika's hair. Would you? Do you really have the heart to?

"*No. It's not just that,*" Homura says. She doesn't say anything more, but... you think you know. Or you can guess. Defeat snatched from the jaws of victory must have been... must *be* a bitter taste to stomach.

A long moment of telepathic silence later, you continue with a sigh. "*I need to fix this, Homura,*" you say wearily. "*Out there or inside here, I'm going to try and fix things. I have an *idea* of what's happening, and I think my best shot is if I can get them out of this house, but... Homura, I said that if I couldn't convince you, I wouldn't bring her out. I meant it.*"

You pause. "*That's what I've got, Homura. Is it too much to ask?*"

There's a long pause before Homura responds. "*Yes. Mikuni is too dangerous, and Kure isn't much less,* she says. And then softly, so softly you nearly miss it even with her speaking directly into your mind, she adds something. "*I'm sorry.*"

You exhale.

That's... it, then.

"*OK,*" you say, disappointment leaking into your voice. "*Thanks for humouring me, Homura, Mami.*"

"*Sabrina... be careful, OK?*" Mami says.

"*Yeah. I will,*" you say. "*I promise. I'll see you both at lunch, OK?*"

"*A-alright,*" Mami agrees softly.

"*See you,*" Homura says quietly, before disconnecting.

Mami... doesn't. "*Are you OK, Sabrina?*" she asks.

You glance at the duo, still on the bed. "Sorry, Oriko, Kirika. Homura, uh, disapproves. I'll still be sticking around to see how I can help, at least for a while, I think. If you don't mind?" To Mami, you sigh. "*I don't know. I really do want to help them, and... I think I get some of *why* Homura's so worried, but still.*"

"You're helping me," Oriko notes. "I'm hardly going to say that I mind."

"Yeah," Kirika agrees, blinking orange eyes open to peek at you. "Do your best!"

"Ugh," you say. "I wish I could just get you some asprin and be done with it. I mean... you know. We magical girls seem to still run on our bodies somewhat, so asprin *should* work somewhat, but... magic, right?" The Soujo sisters seem to indicate that body swapping or something can be done, but you don't know if that's a special case.

Then again, Oriko *did* say that they... she... *they* were coming by some time, didn't she? First thing you're going to do is issue them some new pronouns, but that's then and this is now.

"Magic," Kirika agrees, nodding sagely. "Ain't gotta explain shit."

Oriko reaches out and pokes Kirika's mouth. "No." The black haired girl clamps her mouth shut, pouting at the seer.

"*Sabrina? Talk to me?*" Mami asks, voice quiet.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Hmmmm?
