# Residue processing pt. 35

You rub a knuckle at your head. You can feel what's probably a stress migraine building up, a dull throbbing at your temples. It's... you take a quick peek at your Soul Gem, but that looks perfectly normal.

"OK. Hold on a minute, Oriko, Kirika, I need to talk to Mami," you say, holding up a hand.

Oriko nods slowly, whereas Kirika gives you a thumbs up and a bright grin.

You groan, closing your eyes and letting yourself slump in the chair. "*It's just... I just wish it'd worked,*" you tell Mami. "*I wish we could all trust each other.*"

"*Oh, Sabrina...*" Mami says, voice soft. "\*You're a miracle worker as it is. You don't know what Homura was like before you came. You don't know what... what things were like for \*me."

You *do* know. You don't even trust Mami with everything.

"*Oriko and Kirika would be dead now if you weren't here,*" Mami continues, voice still soft. "*And you're still trying to help them, despite... everything. You're a wonderful person, Sabrina.*"

You exhale slowly. A decision filters through your mind, a moment of crystal clarity coming to light.

"*Thank you, Mami,*" you say, voice equally soft. "*It... your support means a lot to me. Not just for this, I... you mean a lot to me.*"

"*Of course, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "\*And... thank \*you."

The conversation lapses into silence for a minute. Eventually, though, you break it again. "*Hey, um... Can I talk to you about stuff? Now, and tonight?*"

"*Of course, Sabrina,*" Mami replies. A little worry enters her tone, and you can imagine her expression - that little faint frown. "*Um... is something wrong?*"

"*No. Well, yes. But...*" you tilt your head to the side. You wish you could hug Mami right now. Not just to comfort her. You could do with a hug yourself, right about now. "*It's nothing that would make me leave. There isn't anything that would. I promise.*"

"*I... alright,*" Mami says. "*A-alright. I... what about?*" She sounds like she's trying to convince herself that it is, indeed, alright.

"*I *promise*, Mami,*" you repeat. When you open your eyes again, you spot Kirika eyeing you thoughtfully, citrine eyes glinting. You raise an eyebrow at her.

She raises one right back at you, before raising the other, and then bobbing her eyebrows up and down one after another. She seems to find this incredibly amusing, breaking out in a fit of giggles she muffles in Oriko's midriff. The seer shakes her head, patting the girl's head fondly.

"*What did you have in mind, Sabrina?*" Mami asks.

"*Well... I wanted to run some thoughts on Oriko by you,*" you say.

"*Ah... Of course,*" Mami says. "*Go on?*"

"*Well...*" you say, taking a moment to organise your thoughts. You're fairly sure that at least part of the problem is Oriko's, well, lack of agency. The fact that you're holding her under house arrest. But... Start with the bare facts.

"*I looked at Oriko's Soul Gem with my powers,*" you start. "*It's... it's kind of hard to describe, since I'm not really *seeing* it per se, but it's like her magic is twisting in on itself. Do you know what a Klein bottle is?*"

"*The, ah, non-orientable surface?*" Mami asks. "*We covered them briefly in math last term.*"

... What.

No, really, what. 'God was our dropout' is supposed to be a *joke*, damn it.

You shake your head, clearing your thoughts. "*... Um... right. Anyway, the closest thing I can call it is a Klein bottle. It's like... Oriko's Soul, Oriko's magic, is turning in on itself.*"

"*I see,*" Mami says, a thoughtful note in her voice.

"*Hmm?*" you ask. "*Any ideas?*"

"*No, it...*" she hesitates for a moment. "*Just thinking. Go on, Sabrina?*"

"*Right. I... I think it's related to her Wish. Oriko wished to find her purpose,*" you say slowly. "*I think she's misunderstanding something important and that's causing her magic to work improperly, and that's what's hurting her.*"

Mami's silent.

You frown. That's... unusual. "*Mami?*"

"*Um... There are stories like that,*" Mami says softly. "*I've never encountered anything like it, but stories are that if you reject your Wish, then you might lose your magical powers. You'd still be a magical girl, but you wouldn't have your powers any more.*"

You wince at the unconscious irony. She *has* encountered it, in Kyouko. The redhead *should* have the ability to make clones of herself, but... doesn't, because she rejected her Wish after her father snapped. Mami has no idea.

Kirika lifts her head off Oriko's midriff catches your eye, and mouths something to you. '*Be patient. Be there for her.*'

You nod back at Kirika. She probably has the wrong idea of what your conversation with Mami is about, but it's good advice, anyway. You purse your lips in consideration, thinking for a moment.

You cast your thoughts back to the first time you'd fought a Witch, with Mami and Homura at your side. Back then, when you first entered the Barrier, you'd freaked out and bled the immediate area of Grief. Had *that* been similar?

No, you decide. Not really. That had been more like a sensory overload, and lashing out blindly in response. Nothing like what happened, what's happen*ing*, to Oriko.

Tsk.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami prompts you, sounding worried again.

"*Sorry. Was just thinking,*" you respond. "*If I'm right, if *you're* right, then we need to help her find her purpose.*"

"*I agree, but um, Sabrina,*" Mami seems to be working through a thought. "*The... last time we know she was absolutely fine was when she was fighting us. What if... that's the problem?*"

You bite your lip. "*I'd be lying if I said the thought didn't occur to me,*" you admit. On the other hand, you're pretty sure you know precisely what her purpose in life is, from your *knowledge*. "\*But I don't think it's that simple. Her purpose in life can't be something so, so \*small."

"*That's probably true...*" Mami agrees.

"*Any thoughts?*" you ask.

"*She Wished for it, so it must be doable,*" Mami replies slowly, thoughtfully. "*Wishes come true, after all.*"

"*I hope so,*" you grumble. "*If I can't... then I need to figure out how to treat the symptoms. I put a pain blocking ring on her for now, but that will last only as long as I'm in range of her. But that'll disappear once Oriko is out of my range, and the pain will come back. Probably.*"

"*I think only she can answer what her purpose in life is,*" Mami says. "*But... often, we don't know what we have, or want, until it's too late. It's... difficult. I... I'm sorry, Sabrina. I'm not being much help.*"

"*No, it's fine,*" you say. "*You should hear some of the crazy ideas and things I thought of and tossed away - but I haven't come up with anything concrete, either.*"

"*Ah... well,*" Mami says. She's silent for a moment. "*Do you... really think you need to bring her out to help her?*"

"*I don't know for sure,*" you say. "*But I think it *might* help?*"

"*I could... try and distract Homura?*" Mami offers hesitantly. "*I could probably put a ribbon on her just in case.*"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Oho.
