# Residue processing pt. 36

Your eyebrows shoot up. That's... that's an offer and a half.

It'd work too, wouldn't it? Mami will once upon a never have done it, after all. She *is* that good.

But... no. Homura. She trusts you... and she deserves to have that trust repaid.

"*I appreciate the offer, Mami,*" you say softly. "*Thank you, so very much. But... Homura said that she trusts me. She's been through a lot. It's hard for her to trust anyone. If I can, I want to honor and reward that trust as much as possible. But thank you.*"

"*I... yes, I understand,*" Mami says, a touch of trepidation in her voice. "*Um, to be honest, I didn't think it would have been the best move, either, but... I just wanted to support you. Um. Sorry.*"

"*Hey, no,*" you say, keeping your mental voice gentle and warm. You purse your lips, rubbing at your forehead in thought. "*I appreciate it, Mami, I really, truly do. But you're right - it's not the best option here. So don't apologise, OK? Please.*"

"*A-alright,*" Mami says. "*Thank you.*"

"*For nothing, Mami,*" you say firmly. "*I honestly am thankful for you *wanting* to help, OK? Just that for now, I'll just try the best I can with what I have.*"

"*Alright,*" Mami says, voice a little stronger. "*Do your best, Sabrina. I believe in you.*"

A smile blossoms on your face. "*Thanks, Mami.*"

Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Kirika flash a grin at you before she burrows back into Oriko's side.

"*I- Of course, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*Um... is there anything else?*"

"*Yeah, actually, one last thing for now,*" you respond easily, rolling your eyes at Kirika. "*Or actually two, but first thing is - I turned my Grief into a ring that blocks pain, yeah? Do you think I'd be able to use enchantment magic to do something similar?*"

"*Hmm...*" Mami takes a moment to consider this. You can just about imagine her expersiion, lips slightly pursed and brow furrowed gently in thought. "*You should be able to,*" she replies finally. "*I *think* everything that can be done with, ah, normal magic can be done with enchantment? It's just a matter of how much effort you need to put into it.*"

"*Aha. That makes sense,*" you say, ruminating on that notion.

"*Enchantment is... it gives permanent form to what magic already *is*? Does that make sense?*" Mami says. "*Some things are *much* harder than others, it's about how much *control* you need to exert over it, really.*"

"*Yeah, it does,*" you say. "*Hm... might be worth looking into. Thank you, Mami, for everything.*"

"*Of course, Sabrina,*" Mami says softly. "*You said you had one more thing?*"

"*Ah, yeah. I'll see you at lunch, Mami,*" you say, smiling. She can't see it, but this sort of thing seems to carry across telepathy, kind of. A faint impression of the other person. "*I*will."

"*A-ah. Yes, of course,*" Mami says. "*See you, Sabrina.*"

"*See you,*" you agree, ending the connection.

You exhale slowly and lean back in the chair, closing your eyes and rubbing at your temples wearily.

"How'd it go?" Kirika chirps. "Good, I reckon?"

"Yeah... just lots to think over," you respond, opening your eyes to glance at the black haired girl.

"Great!" Kirika says, beaming. "Whatcha thinkin'?"

"*Well,*" you say telepathically. "*One of the things I'm thinking is that in order to help Oriko, I need to have her... *really* start questioning herself. Her actions. Her motivations. Everything. And to do that I have to talk about things that may be upsetting for the both of you. But I *do* think it's to help.*"

Kirika frowns. "*Are you sure about this?*" she asks.

"*As sure as I can be,*" you answer. "*I'm trying to help.*"

"*Sure, then,*" Kirika replies, slowly, eyeing you thoughtfully.

"*Is there anything you'd like me to know? Anything you think would help? Last minute advice?*" you ask.

"*Yeah. Don't you *dare* hurt my Oriko,*" Kirika replies, all traces of levity fleeing from her face.

"*Not intentionally,*" you say with a slow, sober nod. "*For what that's worth.*"

Kirika nods, a smile returning to her face, bright and sunny as if it had never left.

"Alright, then," you say, returning your attention to Oriko and cracking your knuckles. "First things first - I'm going to try something Witchy." You hold out your hand, and a blob of Grief plops into your grasp. At your will, it divides into three smaller pieces.

*Communication and interdiction. Privacy.*

You breathe your intention into the Grief, shaping three bracelets out of the Grief to ensure that you can talk freely, without fear of being overheard or voice-read. An extra thought to spare, for allowing incoming telepathy, while denying Kyuubey eavesdropping.

The bracelets sing in your hand, warming to the touch, and you *know* it works from the sensation pressing against your skin. You slip one onto your wrist, waggling your fingers, and holding the other two out to Oriko and Kirika. "Here," you say. "This'll let us talk privately."

Kirika's eyes go very wide, staring at you, and she exchanges a glance with Oriko.

The seer nods slowly, still looking at you with a considering look. "Sabrina, how do these work?" she asks.

"Well... I don't know," you admit. "I just, um, tell my magi-"

You're interrupted by an explosion of giggles from Kirika. The black haired girl claps her hands over her mouth, trying to muffle them as she stares at you.

"... what?" you ask.

Kirika's laughter redoubles, the black haired girl collapsing to the bed helplessly and beating one fist against the mattress.

... even *Oriko* starts laughing quietly, genteely covering her mouth with one hand. Weakly, she fumbles in the drawer beside the bed, emerging with a mirror and holding it up to you.

You inspect the mirror. You look perfectly fine, as far as you can tell. "I don't ge-"

You stop, tilting your head to the side. "Test, test," you mutter under your breath. "I wish ta control grief! My fuckin own! That of others muthafucka! Da grief of tha Witches muthafucka! All of dat shiznit son!"

There is a distinct *mosaic filter* over your *mouth* when you speak.

Kirika appears to be having a fit.

Rolling your eyes, you hold the bracelets out to Kirika and Oriko. The seer accepts them, giving one a dubious look and slipping it on with some difficulty. Silently, she puts one on Kirika, who's practically howling with laughter right now.

You cross your arms and one leg over the other, arching an eyebrow at Oriko while you wait for Kirika's laughter to subside. The seer quirks her eyebrow right back at you, a hint of a smirk lurking around her lips.

You sigh. No support to be found *there*.

Eventually, Kirika's laughter dies way to breathless, hiccuping giggles, tears streaming from her eyes.

"Alright, so now we can talk freely without Kyuubey listening in," you say.

"Aw, the pixels are gone" Kirika says, looking disappointed.

"They are indeed," you say, equally disappointed. "I think it's just people outside the effect who see it."

"Bah, that's no fun," Kirika complains with a pout. It occurs to you that you could probably add the mosaic filter back, just for her, but... nah.

"What did you want to tell me?" Oriko asks.

"Well." You take a moment to collect your thoughts. "Wishes come true. If you wished for something, it must be possible, if it hasn't already happened." You meet Oriko's eyes squarely, making sure that she knows that you're talking about her. "Well. It's not ideal. Only you can find the meaning of your life, Oriko. But there's not enough time, and that ring won't last outside my range."

You lean forward, propping your elbows on your knees and interlacing your fingers. "So, I'm going to talk a bit, Oriko. Maybe it'll help." You smile at Oriko, enjoying the moment. For once... for once you get to be cryptic at the seer. "Will you listen?"

The silver haired girl arches an eyebrow at you. "I'm listening," she allows.

"Hmm..." you say, eyeing Oriko over your hands. "I'm going to talk a little about another Oriko, elsewhere and elsewhen. An Oriko who *did* find the meaning of your life. An Oriko was a force for good who used her powers to help others. Who saved Yuma and fought and defeated a ruthless magical girl."

"Hey, *my* Oriko's a force for good!" Kirika protests.

You click your tongue reprovingly. "With the help of *her* Kirika," you continue, inclining your head towards the black haired girl. "She found the meaning of her life and gained full control of her powers."

"Now, see..." you tilt your head slightly in the other direction, still holding Oriko's gaze. The seer's brows are furrowed in heavy thought. "The answer that other Oriko came to... had *nothing* to do with dying or sacrificing herself for the sake of the world."

Kirika's expression, in the corner of your eye, crumples, all traces of her earlier mirth fading away.

"So, Oriko. *You* told me that I would end this, one way or another, and that you wouldn't be around to see it," you murmur. "My question, then, is *why*? Why are you so fixated on dying?"

"I see the future, Sabrina," Oriko says. "There's no room for me in it."

"And that means... what, exactly?" you ask. "Do you explicitly see yourself dying?"

"No," Oriko admits. "I simply don't see myself, past a certain point."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Perception without comprehension-
