# Residue processing pt. 37

"No. Oh, *no*," you say, straightening and freeing your hands from the clasp. "There *is* a place for you, Oriko, and if there isn't... well, we can make one. You're good people, and you deserve better than that."

Oriko eyes you. "So quick to forgive and forget, are we?" she asks.

You shrug. "Point remains, Oriko, glib words aside. Look... you're resigned to dying, that there's no place for you in the better world you're trying to make...just because your power doesn't show you you're there?" You spread your hands. "I hope you see my problem."

"There are simply no futures where I exist," Oriko says, pushing herself upright. Kirika, looking worried, hurries to fluff up the pillow behind her.

"Well, considering that *I* don't show up properly, and we've apparently got something out there messing with reality, and Feathers -the last two may be the same thing, but my point stands- I'm not sure how solid an objection that is," you say, crossing your arms. And it's entirely possible that gaining her full powers would prevent her past self from seeing her future self, you think. "It seems to me that you're *determined* to die."

"I see you perfectly fine," Oriko counters. "It's merely that every time you *act*, changes ripple outwards. The shape of the future remains, but details differ."

"No," you say sharply, raising a finger. "No changing the subject. Maybe we'll come back to that later, but no. For now, we're talking about *you*." You debate trying to prove to her that it's entirely possible for her to simply disappear from her own sight - you could probably make something to suit the task.

Mayble *you'll* come back to that later, but no. Not now.

"You see *pieces* of the future, Oriko, and we we both know it's imperfect." You tilt your head back, frowning at her.

"It is," Oriko replies, silvery grey brows lowering and repaying frown in kind. "Do you think I haven't looked? I don't *exist* past a certain point."

You continue frowning at her. She's still got nothing on Homura's frowns. "And just where do you see *Kirika* after that? She loves you. She ha-"

You're interrupted by a high pitched squealing noise, and Kirika flails herself upright with a bright , scarlet blush on her face. "Don't just say it like thaaaaat!"

"Indeed. It's quite rude to presume," Oriko says. "... even if not inaccurate."

"'Presume'? Really?" you give Oriko a flat look.

Oriko sniffs haughtily. The effect is rather thoroughly ruined by the faint pink flush on her pale face.

"*And*," you say, raising a finger again. "Subject. What about Kirika? She would have reacted if you just disappeared out of the blue?"

"We've talked about it," Oriko replies, looking away. Silently, she slips her arm around Kirika's waist to hug the black haired girl close to her. Kirika cuddles her right back, wrapping her arms around the other girl.

"And... you're both going to just roll over and accept it," you say, unimpressed. "And what about *me*? *I'd* be pretty damned unhappy if you just died or vanished or something."

"I don't vanish," Oriko says tonelessly. "Mostly."

Kirika makes a pained, keening noise and burrows into Oriko's side, wrapping herself around the seer like a particularly affectionate octopus.

"And that's *better?*" you ask.

Oriko falls silent, Kirika nuzzling in to her side. "No," she admits.

"So...?" you say.

The seer shrugs. "It happens. What more is there to say?"

"It hasn't yet," you say. "And as I said - I'm not sure how solid an objection that is, Oriko. Have you even considered any other possible explanation as to why you can't see yourself?"

"Have you considered that gravity might be caused by invisible pink fair-"

You cut Oriko off. "Oriko, *please*," you say, a touch of pleading in your tone. "None of that. I'm trying to *help*."

The seer sags. "I'm sorry." She holds up a hand, and you wait for her to continue, which she does after a minute. "Sabrina, I've come to terms with it. It's... painful, continuing to speak as if I might survive."

You sigh heavily. "Oriko... I can think of, offhand, a few hypotheses as to why your powers are behaving that way. And sure, maybe they're not even that, and more conjecture. Guesswork." You unfold your arms, gesturing with an open palm. "How are you doing any better? You're acting based on a guess. Your precognition has been fooled before. *I* think it's way too early to accept your death as an absolute."

"Perhaps," Oriko says, acknowledging that with a nod. "But... I think that I'm right. It *feels* right."

"*Listen*." You jab a finger at Oriko, the seer swaying back from your finger as if it's a loaded gun. "Even if that's what's happening, I'm going to make *my* stance clear. I *do not accept your death*. Nor Kirika's. *I do not accept a future without Mikuni Oriko or Kure Kirika in it.*"

"I do *not* accept that the meaning of you *life* is to *die*. Why are *you* accepting this?" you snap, rising from the chair and starting to pace. "You know *me*, Oriko." You jab a thumb at your own chest. "You know I'd fight if it were your lives on the line, and hey - maybe they are." You spread your arms. "You *know* I'll fight with everything I have. So give the fatalistic seer routine a *rest*."

"Enough. Please," Oriko whispers, barely loud enough for you to hear, looking down at her lap. "I've come to terms with it, Sabrina."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

\-is a dangerous combination.
