# Residue processing pt. 38

You slump, metaphorically and literally. You drop back into the chair, letting your legs slide out from under you.

"... well. *I* can't," you say with a sigh.

What ever happened to humility and 'I am not omniscient', you wonder.

Then again, death is the ultimate humbler.

Lives, lived, will live.

Tsk.

"Sabrina, I appreciate it," Oriko says quietly, looking up at you. "In truth, I do."

"Me too," Kirika interjects, the usual bubbly cheer noticeably lacking from her voice.

Silently, Oriko squeezes her a little tighter before continuing. "I understand what you're trying to say. And I know you believe it." She takes a slow, shuddering breath. "But this... It feels..." She shakes her head, apparently lost for words.

You click your tongue in annoyance. "The future is a malleable thing, Oriko, and *you know it*. Just look at what happened to Sayaka. You had no clue right up until it was almost too late."

"This is different," she says quietly. "It feels... I know it. I *know* it, as sure as if I'm looking at my own grave."

*Your magic can be fooled*. The words are on the tip of your tongue and you'd blurt them out and you want to just *slap* some sense into her and you want a hug from Mami right about now.

Well.

You're not going to say the first, you're not going to carry through on the second, and Mami is still in school. Maybe at lunch. That'd be nice.

You sigh. "You've... with what you've told me you've saved hundreds of innocent people, and one of my friends. We can change things for the better, Oriko. You *already* have."

"I know," the seer agrees with a slight nod. "And... I'm glad I have."

You rub a knuckle against your forehead. "You've been a force for good, in this last week. You *deserve to live*," you say stubbornly, crossing your arms.

Oriko's gaze drops back to Kirika, wrapped around her waist. The black haired girl smiles up at her, worry in her citrine orange eyes. "Maybe. I would argue the point, but 'deserve' has nothing to do with it."

"Ugh," you mutter softly, before raising your voice. "OK. Look, you say I change the future. Ripples, but changes nevertheless, yeah? Ripples in the right direction can do quite a bit." You close your eyes and exhale slowly, steadily. "Perhaps it's just a question of degrees. What precedes your death? What happens?"

"It varies," Oriko says. "Sometimes, an enemy magical girl. Mostly... cessation. I..." she swallows. "I die. Simple as that."

"Details, Oriko?" you urge gently, leaning forward. "Maybe there's something I could do?"

Oriko shakes her head. "Sabrina, I believe you," she says, giving you a wan, pale smile. "I believe you'll try."

"Oriko, *please*. I'm sure there's *something* I can do to assure that you and Kirika get to live in the world you've made," you say, quiet urgency in her voice. "Please. Work with me. Not just for the people you'll save, but for Kirika."

She sighs and nods. "I'll work with you," she says.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Short update today.
