# Residue processing pt. 39

"It's a start," you say. You *know* she's just humouring you, but... it *is* a start, and it's more than you had going in to this conversation. You're not going to turn your back on it.

Oriko gives you that damnable faint smile.

You sigh. "OK. I know it's a morbid question, but I need to know - how much time do we have before we hit 'that certain point'?"

"Nineteen days, Sabrina," Oriko says, with ghastly, mirthless smile. "The twenty sixth of April. No further."

Kirika, looking stricken, wraps her arms tighter around the seer with a quiet whimper. Oriko's expression softens as she wraps her own single arm around Kirika, shaking silvery, sweat-matted hair out of her face and holding the girl close.

"Alright," you say, biting your lip. You don't exactly *like* seeing them in distress, but the only weapon you can wield right now is *information*, so you'll scrabble for every bit of it you can. "Can you describe the enemy magical girl? It's a long shot, but maybe I'll recognize her?"

Oriko grimaces. "You must understand, if it's a magical girl, then it happens... *early*. But of the already few times that it *is* a magical girl... many times, it's Akemi Homura. Other times, Miki Sayaka. Seldom, it's a blonde magical girl with long hair, and green eyes."

She gives you a razor thin, edged smile. "Generally, you do a good job of preventing it. But very rarely..." Sea-green eyes flick over to regard you steadily.

She means *you*.

You worry at your lower lip. "What do you *do* that makes that happen?"

"I take matters into my own hands, to preserve your chances of success. I manipulate, I deceive, and I kill," Oriko says with another mirthless smile. "Don't worry. It shouldn't be necessary."

You rock back in your chair. "What do I have to do to avoid that happening?"

"Do *not* alienate Akemi Homura," Oriko says, twisting her fingers through Kirika's hair. "Virtually anyone bar you, her and Kaname Madoka are... expendable. I doubt that you like the word, but it's simple fact."

"I don't like the *notion*, Oriko," you say, frowning. "And you know it."

Oriko shakes her head. "Don't spread yourself too thin."

You sigh. "What else can you tell me?" you ask. You're not going to convince her on this, and she's not going to convince you. "Anything at all, no matter how significant, about the feathers and the... murders." You pause, exhaling. "*Everything*, Oriko. I need your help - you're the only one who *can* help, here."

"Mmm," Oriko says, not really agreeing nor disagreeing. "Where do I start... The feathers. They're quite large. About two handspans long, and about so thick." She holds up her fingers about five centimetres, two inches, apart. "Black coloured, with white coloured afterfeathers, I believe the term is. I have no idea what kind of bird they might come from; I'm not an ornithologist."

"Right," you agree, contemplatively. That matches with the feather you'd found, then, the one still riding in one of your Grief spheres. Absently, you mentally check your metaphorical inventory - bag of Grief marbles, obrez and lunchbox in said bag... Homura's Witch notebook, assault rifle, ammunition, gold.

All in order, then. "Go on, Oriko?"

"When I encounter them in my visions... It's like snow. The feathers just fall, and they shroud out the vision in question," she says, frowning in concentration. "It's like... static on a television."

Oriko pauses for a moment. "Could we have a Soul Gem cleanse?" she asks, gesturing at hers and Kirika's Soul Gems.

"Sure," you say. "I was going to ask soon, actually." You twitch a finger, drawing free the Grief swirling within the two Soul Gems. A considerable amount in both of them - a touch more in Kirika's, but not by much. You huff out a quiet sigh. "Anyway, go on, Oriko?"

The seer nods. "The deaths... Generally, you're away," she says. "It's close to Walpurgisnacht, and you feel the need to arrange for more allies."

"And if I stick close to Mitakihara?" you ask.

"Does not materially change the outcome," Oriko asks. "Your presence... I would hazard a guess that the, the, entity avoids your direct presence." She raises a finger. "I don't know whether it's an entity or not, merely that... *it* doesn't happen directly in your presence."

"Alright," you say. "How does it happen, generally?"

"Soul Gem, rarely," Oriko says "Sometimes, the feathers." She makes a little gesture with her hand, holding up her clenched fist before suddenly snapping it open, fingers spread. "You must realise, I don't see *every* outcome. Merely some possible ones."

You sigh. And there it is again. "Alright," you say again, and trying to remember everything Oriko said. Not that you really have trouble remembering things. Sure, sometimes you have trouble *recalling* things, but you generally have a good memory for details. "I'll... talk to Mami and Homura about this later, and we'll come up with a plan. We'll beat this, OK?" You glance at Kirika. "Kirika, we'll beat this."

The black haired girl gives you a smile that's a shadow of her usual bright, sunny grins. "Yeah," she says. "We'll beat this."

You heave a sigh. "Right. We'll come back to this later," you say. "For now\... we need to figure out a better solution for your headaches than my ring. It'll only last as long as I can stay here, after all. But Oriko, keep what I said in mind, OK?"

Oriko nods silently, giving you a wan smile. "I appreciate it, Sabrina. I really do."

You smile back at them. "Anyway... I'd like to take this outside - I think some fresh air would be good for everyone?"

"Sure!" Kirika chirps, a stronger smile returning to her face. "Oriko?"

The seer shrugs, pushing herself to upright. Kirika bounces to her feet, and turns around to help Oriko up.

"By the way, Oriko," you say as the three of you start heading out of the room.

"Yes?" Oriko asks.

"Did you find any problems with the clear Seed?" you ask. "Did it work OK?"

"No, I did not," the seer replies. "It seemed perfectly fine for usage, though judging from your expression earlier, something unusual might be up with the Seed?"

"Maybe," you say. "But barring that investigation... I'm thinking of distributing these to my friends and other magical girls. What do you think?"

Oriko shrugs. "It seems unwise, if there's something bothering you about them, but apart from that, we've had no trouble with it over the time we've been using it."

"Excellent," you say, rubbing at your nose. "It's not a full solution to the, ah, resource problem, but I'm intending to develop alternatives. Independence from Grief Seeds."

"I wish you the best of luck," Oriko offers, smiling faintly at you.

"Thanks," you say as you reach the garden, pushing open the glass door. "... say, Oriko?" you add as you remember something. "What ever happened to that Kyuubey body you stuck in a cat carrier?"

"I let it go after a while," Oriko says with an ambivalent shrug as she wanders over to the small table in the garden, Kirika following and pulling a chair out for her. "I wanted to keep it away from your lunchtime conversation."

"Oh. Is that all?" you say, joining the duo at the table and sitting down opposite to them.

Oriko shrugs. "Sometimes, it's the little things?"

"... sure," you agree. "Anyway... enchantment magic. I talked to Mami and she gave me the green light."

"Oh?" Oriko asks cautiously.

"Yeah... OK, do you know what enchantment magic can do?" you ask rhethorically.

Oriko and Kirika both shake their heads, the latter adding a cheery, "Nope!"

"Basically anything a magical girl's normal magic can," you say. "So, reinforcing, shielding, extending, and... hopefully, pain blocking."

"I see," Oriko says. "That's your plan, then?"

"Yeah," you agree. "I'm hoping we can figure it out here and now? It might take time, but I'm hoping to make a substitute for the ring."

Oriko nods. "That makes sense. Judging from your choice of words, though, you don't know how to do it?"

"No, I don't," you confirm. "I think... well, there's two reasons. First so that you can have your own pain blocking ring, and second..." you rub at your nose. "I'm hoping we can use enchantment to turn a clear Seed into a Soul Gem."

"... I see," Oriko says. "That might be possible?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

I presume your next vote will be experimenting with enchantment - so cover that, and then lunch.

As an additional note, my rate of updates this week is likely to slow down even more, unfortunately - upcoming midterms.
