# This mortal coil pt. 1

"I think..." you purse your lips as you consider the possibilities, turning thoughts over. "I'm going to ask Mami to make you a substitute for the pain blocking ring."

Oriko gives you a look conveying extreme dubiousness, but you cut off her probably biting rejoinder with a raised hand. "I don't know if she can or if she'll agree, or if Homura will help out," you say. "But I'm going to ask. *Which* segues into my next point nicely."

"And what is that?" Oriko asks, putting her rock down on the table, running her hand wearily over her face. Her skin's still kind of sallow, really, not *entirely* recovered from the... whatever it was.

"The two of you need to continue practicing, too," you say. "Use the clear Seed for cleansing, and... Oriko, no shortcuts. That means no precog. I'll be honest - I considered giving Kirika a squirt bottle to use for when you try to substitute precog for actual work." Kirika jerks straight up in her chair, a grin spreading across her face.

Oriko gives you an unimpressed look. "I'm sure that won't be necessary, Sabrina," she says.

"I dunno. I say 'consider*ed*', but really I mean 'am consider*ing*'," you say, leaning back and crossing your arms. "Look, Oriko, I think enchantment is more like learning the piano or some other skill. It's a *skill*, and precog won't help much - you need to try, and probably fail, and keep trying."

The seer blinks slowly, before nodding fractionally.

You're not really sure if she's agreeing or just humouring you, but well, it's *Oriko*. She thinks in lines about as straight as she herself is.

"What will you do if Tomoe Mami is unwilling to help?" Oriko asks quietly.

You purse your lips. "I was going to cross that bridge when I came to it, to be honest. There are really only two good options I can think of, and neither of them are *good* ones."

"I see," Oriko says. "What are they?"

You shake your head. "Let me check with Mami and Homura first," you say. "What I have in mind are really backup options, and maybe I'll think of something in the meantime."

"Does that happen much?" Kirika pipes up.

"Eh?" you ask intelligently.

"Thinking of things like, like-" Kirika snaps her fingers. "Like *that*. I know I get all sorts of ideas all the time but Oriko usually tells me they're bad ideas."

Oriko chuckles, reaching out to pat Kirika's hand lightly. Kirika turns her hand over and catches Oriko's, interlacing their fingers.

You shrug. "Well, yeah, kind of," you say. "I think fast."

"Neat," Kirika says.

"I'm not sure they're always good ideas, either," Oriko says, raising an aristocratic eyebrow at you.

You reply with a gimlet stare, raising an eyebrow to match hers. "*Anyway*, anything else you need to tell me before I remove the bracelets?"

Oriko meets your eyes squarely. You can hear Kirika shifting about to the side, the Grief bracelet on her wrist moving as you lock eyes with the silver haired girl, raising your eyebrow in silent challenge. Oriko speaks after a moment, her voice slow and quiet. "Thank you for trying, Sabrina," she says.

You shrug. "It's... well, as Mami likes to say, I wouldn't be me if I didn't," you say.

"Nevertheless," Oriko replies.

A sigh. "You're welcome, Ori-"

A muffled giggle-snort interrupts you, and both your heads snap around to stare at Kirika. The black haired girl has her hand clamped over mouth, stifling her laughter. There is a conspicuous lack of bracelet on her wrist, which means...

"Kirika..." Oriko says chidingly, only to be answered by another explosion of giggles. Kirika practically howls with laughter, one hand thumping against the table. The seer rolls her eyes fondly as she removes her own bracelet, depositing it on the table.

You remove yours, too, dropping it on the table. A twist of will has all three bracelets dissolving into wispy, deep purple smoke you draw away to rejoin the main mass of Grief lurking out of sight.

"Alright, so, I'm going to go check with Mami and Homura," you say. "Oriko, do something about Kirika before she chokes on her tongue or something."

Oriko raises an unimpressed eyebrow at you while you reach out for your friends. "*Mami, Homura?*" you say.

"*Yes?*" Homura responds first, followed by Mami. "*Hi, Sabrina.*"

"*Hey,*" you say with a smile. "*I... well, bad news. I wasn't able to make a substitute for the pain blocker in time. Could I ask for a favour?*"

Kirika hops to her feet, wandering over to a small gardening shed. You take a moment to boggle at its existence - in *Japan*? Then again, given the size of the grounds attached to the Mikuni residence...

Abruptly, Oriko groans, glaring at you. You quirk an eyebrow at her.

"*Of course, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*What do you need?*"

"*Well, I was wondering, could you both come over here really quickly?*" you say, raising your eyebrow as Kirika emerges with a bulge tucked under her shirt. "*Then, Mami, could you make a substitute for the pain blocking ring?*"

Out loud, you speak to Oriko. "What?"

"*I... Sabrina, each enchantment effect needs to be figured out separately. It might take me anywhere from hours to days,*" Mami says slowly. "*I can, but it'll take time...*"

"This is *your* fault," Oriko says, sounding faintly aggrieved.

"*Ah. Right,*" you say, disappointed. You were... kind of prepared for failure, really. "*Well, with timestop...?*" You raise your other eyebrow at Oriko. "... what?"

"*No,*" Homura says, her voice final. "*Not for her.*"

You exhale slowly, closing your eyes. Not unexpected. Which means more to do for your already over-full plate.

"*Alright,*" you say. "*That's OK.*"

"*Sorry, Sabrina,*" Mami says softly.

"*It's not your fault, Mami, not at all,*" you reply. "*Not yours either, Homura. I get it.*"

"*I... Alright,*" Mami says. "*Um...*"

"*I'll see you at lunch, Mami,*" you say, smiling. You quirk your eyebrow at the seer, who's grumpily folded her arms. Kirika's nowhere to be seen. "*Of course I will. You too, Homura.*"

"*Ah... alright,*" Mami says, a note of relief in her voice. "*See you soon, Sabrina.*"

"*See you,*" Homura echoes.

You sigh again as the connection closes. So much for that. And no new ideas, either... Feh.

"Oriko?" you say.

She sighs, and nods.

"Yeah. I suppose you can guess," you murmur, as Kirika reappears at the table, setting a filled squirt bottle dow-

Oh.

Ohhh.

That *is* your fault.

Kirika's bright grin fades a moment later. "What's wrong?"

"I have to go," you say heavily. "And that means that the ring will go, and the pain will come back."

"Oh," Kirika says. Silently, she grabs Oriko's hand, squeezing.

"I... have two options for you, Oriko," you say. "One is you endure the pain. I'll be back soon, with Mami, and we'll crack this together. She's much better at this than I am."

"What's the other option?" Kirika asks, subdued.

"I disconnect Oriko from her Soul Gem, temporarily," you say. "I'll give her Soul Gem to you, Kirika, to watch over, and if you need to wake her up, then you just need to give it back to her." You shift your gaze to Oriko. "It's your choice. Either way, I promise it'll be temporary."

Kirika sags in place, and you can feel despair spiking in her Gem. "... Oh," she says. "Nothing else you can do?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

> [Firnagzen said:](/goto/post?id=3054909)
>
> "*Eh?*" Mami says. "*I've... never really found any limits, no. It's just... each effect needs to be figured out on its own, so it takes time and Grief Seeds.*"
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

If you have any new ideas, now's the time. Otherwise, Oriko'll be picking one of the two. Additionally, the next post will probably take you through to lunch, so vote accordingly.
