# This mortal coil pt. 2

You lick your lips. "I... maybe one last idea, Kirika? I don't have much hope for it, but..."

"Anything," Kirika says, perking up a bit.

"Do you think you can channel your antimagic, Kirika?" you ask. "Make it continuous?"

"I t-tried before," Kirika says, an unfamiliar tremor in her voice. "Earlier."

"Do you think you can put your power into something?" you ask. "Buffer it somehow, and that might work?"

"I don't know," Kirika says. Sudden determination crosses her face, and she snatches up a rock from the table. "Let's find out." She takes a deep breath, a frown of concentration crossing her face. You can *feel* the roiling, nauseating disruption of anti-magic start to build up again, and you steel yourself as shuddering pulses start to roll off the other girl.

You glance at the other girl sitting at the table. "I... long shot, but Oriko? Can you think of, or *see*, any other magical girl that could help?"

Oriko presses her lips together, shaking her head. "Do you think I haven't thought about it?" Her lips curl into a momentary, mirthless smirk. "I only used my powers for part of it, too."

You sigh. "There goes that idea, then," you say. Defeat is a rather bitter pill to swallow, even as... *minor*... as this is.

"There's a magical girl from Europe," Oriko says. "She can affect Soul Gems. And... Asunaro. I don't recommend going there, though." She shudders slightly.

You sit up straight, excitement and... trepidation filling your gut. Asunaro. "Really?" you say, before grimacing. "Doesn't help us now, though."

Oriko shrugs, looking tired and resigned. "The magical girl from Europe will be arriving in just over a week," she says.

"... really? Of her own volition?" you ask.

She shrugs again. "Word of your exploits is going to will have spread."

"Huh," you say. "Anyway, that's not really helpful now, though I suppose as a last ditch we can try and see if we can entice them to come over..." You exhale wearily.

The three of you fall silent, Kirika worrying away at her piece of stone, while you and Oriko look away, lost in your own thoughts. You chew at your lip, contemplating what other tricks you can attempt with your Grief, and how you're going to proceed from here on out. Part of you thinks that devoting more time to figuring things out can only be helpful, but on the other hand...

What *are* your goals? How do you *win*?

It's a difficult question to answer.

Here and now, though...

"Disconnect me," Oriko whispers, finally. "I'm sorry, Kirika."

Kirika makes a despairing noise in the back of her throat, tossing the river stone on the table and turning to Oriko.

You shake your head, exhaling as you look to the side. "I'm... I'm sorry," you say regretfully.

"Oriko..." Kirika begs. "There's got to be something. Sabrina, can't you stay?"

"I... I'm sorry," you say. "I *have* to be elsewhere. I'll come back soon."

"Sabrina?" Oriko gives you a wan smile. "Give us a moment?"

"Yeah. Of course," you say, pushing yourself off the chair. "And hey. This *isn't* goodbye, not between the two of you, or the three of us. OK? You better *not* be saying goodbyes, because I'll be back, and I'll fix this."

Kirika nods. "Y-yeah. OK."

"Understood, Sabrina," Oriko gives you another tired smile.

"Right," you nod firmly, stepping around the corner.

You wander around a corner of the Mikuni mansion, leaving the pair behind. You stare up at the white-painted building, and... there's streaks of dried, crusty stuff here and there. The smell, old and weathered, is enough to tell you what it is - rotten egg.

Nothing you didn't know, but... still.

Honestly, a house being egged in *Japan* is rather odd, but Mitakihara's a tad more westernised than most places, you suppose.

You brush your hand along the hedge as you wander.

Ficus *foxtrot*.

You can feel the Grief building in Kirika's and Oriko's Soul Gems, and... yeah, they're cleansing. They're using Aurora, which is well enough.

You sigh, and continue walking.

It really *would* be nice if you could be in more than one place at once, or if you could have Familiars, or space distortion of some kind. Down that path lies increasingly insistent claims of your non-Witchhood, though. Not *exactly* a problem, but, uh, unfortunate implications.

A telepathic ping interrupts your thoughts. "*Sabrina? We're done*" Oriko.

"*On my way back,*" you respond, quickening your steps.

You round the building a few minutes later, and you find Kirika sitting across Oriko's lap, arms wrapped around the other girl in a tight hug. Both are dry eyed, but Kirika seems a hairsbreadth away from it. A silver Soul Gem sits on the table.

"Take it," Oriko whispers.

You nod, walking over. "I'll be back soon."

You claim Oriko's Soul Gem, holding it carefully in your hand. Kirika looks like she wants to stop you, but... she holds her tongue, and keeps her arms around Oriko.

You open your mouth to apologize, but what could you *say*? Instead, you simply sigh, and start walking away, pulling your phone out with your free hand to check the time. Enough of it.

Threading through the rose bushes, you walk away from Oriko and Kirika.

And eventually, you feel the wispy fires of magic connecting Oriko to her Soul Gem simply wink out.

And you feel the Grief in Kirika's Soul Gem spike once more.

You make your way back, finding Kirika cradling Oriko's body. Bright, citrine eyes look up, dry and fierce as you present Oriko's Soul Gem to her.

"You better come back soon," she says, accepting the silvery Gem with both hands.

"I know," you say. "I will. Kirika... you can wake her up. As and when you need to. It's just as if she went to sleep. You know that, right?"

"Yeah," Kirika says. "Just..." She smooths a hand along Oriko's cheek.

"I get it," you say.

You could mistake Oriko for a corpse. No breathing, no heartbeat.

"Yeah," Kirika says lamely, getting to her feet. "I'll bring her upstairs."

"Kirika, wait," you say, crossing the distance and catching the black haired girl in a hug. She stiffens in your arms for a moment, before sagging into the hug, her hands hanging limply at her side, Oriko's Soul Gem clutched in one.

"I'm *not* giving up," you say firmly. "We *will* fix this. I'll be back soon, OK?"

Kirika nods slowly.

You hold the hug for a moment longer, before releasing Kirika and stepping back. She gives you a weak grin. "Do you think she'd be mad if I drew on her face?"

"Probably," you say. "Do it anyway."

Kirika grins a little. "Yeah, probably."

You take a moment to ponder on the fact that Kirika's Wish probably means that deep down inside, Oriko secretly *likes* the, ah, quirkiness.

Heh.

"Alright. See you in a bit, Kirika," you say, focusing a moment to draw the Grief away from her and Oriko's Soul Gems, as well as your own. Kirika barely seems to notice. "I need to get going."

"See ya," she says.

You focus for a moment, and your Grief wings billowing from your shoulders, deep, starry fractal patterns blooming across their breadth. You launch yourself skyways, the last you see of Kirika being her picking up Oriko's body in a careful bridal carry.

You swoop over the city, flicking into a barrel roll with your coat snapping all around you as sky and earth tumble around you. And then you follow up with an aileron to, also known as that thing most people think a barrel roll is.

It doesn't take you terribly long to arrive at Mitakihara Middle, and you alight on the roof, folding your wings carefully to avoid the fences before dissolving them.

The bell rings a few moments later, and you can hear the resounding scrape of chairs as a thousand students stand near simultaneously. It's only a few minutes later when you hear pelting footsteps at the stairwell, and Mami emerges a split second later.

You meet her halfway across the roof, sweeping her into a hug - or maybe she sweeps you into a hug. Same difference. "Hi, Mami," you say, letting yourself relax, just a little.

"Hi, Sabrina," Mami responds. "How are you?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

You've got a moment or two to talk to Mami before the others get to the roof.
