# This mortal coil pt. 4

You click your tongue, your mind whirling with thoughts, sparked from an innocent comment. You didn't give it much thought earlier, but... Meguca, magical girls, trickling in from as far away as Europe. That implies things, doesn't it? No, wait, answer Sayaka first.

"Yeah," you say with a nod at Sayaka. "Yeah, we probably can, if we're careful."

Mami nods with a confident smile. "We can handle it."

Even Homura essays a minute nod in response, her lips still pressed together into a thin line. She probably means it differently from you, but... the united front somewhat reassures Madoka. The pinkette relaxes a little, returning to her lunch.

"On that note, though?" You look from Sayaka, to Madoka, to Hitomi. "Never, and I mean never, talk to an unfamiliar magical girl without backup. You won't know what they want, or what they could *do*."

"Ah... is there that much danger?" Hitomi asks, green eyes sharp as they focus on you.

You nod again. "There *could* be," you say, waving your chopsticks in the air. "Most magical girls are... selfish, at the least. Magical girls as nice as Mami are rare."

"Or you, Sabrina," Mami says, smiling warmly at you.

You shrug. "Anyway, point being, be careful, all of you."

Madoka nods seriously.

... you can't help but remember that *her* first reaction to finding *you* in an alleyway was to try and *help* you. And she cheerfully went along with Kyouko, once upon a never, even after her first and second introductions to the other girl was the redhead beating up Sayaka.

Hitomi's measured, thoughtful nod you can probably trust.

Sayaka shrugs. "Yeah, OK. So what else?"

You pick up some rice with your chopsticks and chew on it thoughtfully for a moment.

"Hmm..." you say. "As far as they'd've come, I don't expect they'll want to turn around."

Hitomi blinks slowly. "How far do you think they'll be coming from? I'm sorry, this is still new to me..."

"I... well," you temporize for a moment. You don't really want to bring Oriko's information up. "Certainly from around Japan, possibly as far as China? And... how fast does word travel, anyway, Mami? Homura?"

"That depends," Mami says. "Word usually travels by wandering magical girls, but I've heard there *are* some IRCs? Mostly they were set up by girls who split up." She shakes her head. "As near as Korea, and maybe as far as the US. I'm sorry, Sabrina... I can't say more precisely than that."

Which is pretty much the entire world.

"Don't apologise, Mami, that's plenty," you say firmly, laying your chopsticks down to give her a quick hug around the waist. "Hmm. With my power, it shouldn't be an issue to support a fair number of girls. Between clear Seeds and manual cleansing, I can keep them from running high on Grief."

"That many magical girls here will be a, a powderkeg," Mami notes, looking worried.

"Yeah," you agree. "That's what I'm afraid of."

"How bad could it be?" Sayaka asks glibly.

"First of all, don't taunt Murphy like that," you say tartly, waving a finger at the bleunette. "Second of all... teenaged girls, all with superpowers, quite possibly from across the world. It's a recipe for a disaster."

Hitomi chews her lip thoughtfully. "Ah... It seems to me that anyone who comes this far, as you said, would have already put in a large investment," she says, words careful and measured. "If they're so intent on coming here to meet you, Sabrina, wouldn't they want to stay on your good side?"

"I would hope so," you say. "But... what if they're here to... make me an offer I can't refuse? Recruit me by force? Or what if they're just *desperate*? I'm not sure all of them would be so... innocent."

"We'll defeat them," Mami says firmly. "Between the three -four, sorry, Sayaka- of us, I'm sure we'll win."

You wave your hand. "I just... That's going to be a huge mess. I don't want it happening *here*," you say. You purse your lips, considering. "We could probably rent them a penthouse or something to live in, I have enough money for that."

"Is that a concern?" Hitomi asks curiously. "If they're already flying all the way here, I don't think housing them is really a problem? I'm sure they can get hotel rooms or something..."

"Teleporting!" Sayaka says brightly. "I'm sure that's a kind of magic, right? So maybe they won't have hotels ready?"

"It's a kind of power," Mami says with a nod. "... Sabrina, how do you have enough money to rent a penthouse?"

You shrug. "Uh, remember when Homura and I raided the Yakuza?"

Mami blinks. "You... oh. Oh. You..."

"Yep," you say cheerfully. "Anyone wants to see what an bona-fide solid gold bar looks like?"

"... You stole from the *yakuza*?" Sayaka asks, expression torn between disbelief and amusement.

"Homura helped!" you say, pointing at the time traveller. "Well, more like she did all the work, I just tagged along for the shinies." You eye Hitomi. Sometimes, you speculate that she's actually a yakuza princess, but she just seems halfway exasperated and halfway disbelieving.

"Wasn't that dangerous?" Madoka asks, looking worried.

"Nah, not with Homura's powers," you say. "Right, Homura?"

She nods, violet eyes fixed on Madoka. "We weren't in any danger," she agrees.

"Oh... good," Madoka says, smiling a little in relief.

"So, yeah," you say, returning to your lunch. "That's a thing." You savour some of the vegetables, still crisp and crunchy.

"Um..." Mami says tentatively, looking up at you. "I think Hitomi's right, though. I don't think *housing* the incoming magical girls is going to be much of a problem."

"Hmm... that's fair," you say with a nod. "On the other hand, I have actual gold bars."

"You- gold bars- *argh*," Sayaka complains.

"It's true!" you say, putting down your chopsticks for a moment and holding out a hand. A moment later, a gold bar plops into your hand, dispensed by a blob of Grief. "See? I think these are pure gold, too."

You hold it out to the other girls - a small slab, not much larger than two fingers out together, but surprisingly heavy for something so small. Mami takes the bar from you, nearly dropping it in surprise.

"... Oh, Sabrina," she says with a fond sigh, turning the bar over in her hands.

"Meh," you say flippantly. "I couldn't *not* take them."

"Oh, *Sabrina*," Mami repeats, shaking her head with a smile. She passes the bar to Homura, who takes it, giving it a perfunctory look before passing it to Madoka.

You laugh. "What?"

"You *stole* gold bars from the *yakuza*," Sayaka says, starting to make strangling noises.

"Well, yeah," you say. "What else was I suppose to do?"

"But- I- *argh-*" Sayaka says.

Madoka pats her shoulder, handing her the gold bar. "Eat your lunch, Sayaka," she says.

Sayaka gives the pinkette a baleful glare. "Bah," she grumbles, fiddling with the gold bar. "This thing's a *lot* heavier than it looks."

Hitomi nods. "Gold is denser, remember?" The greenette, verdette, whatever-ette doesn't seem particularly perturbed by your looting the yakuza, so you'll chalk her down as *not* a Yakuza princess, then. That, or having a fantastic poker face.

"I know why, I'm just saying," Sayaka grumbles, passing the gold bar onwards.

Lunch proceeds on a lighter note, and you eventually finish, tucking away the gold bar back into the Grief constellation.

"By the way, Madoka?" you say as you pack away your lunch box, letting it clack away amidst the Grief marbles in your bag. "Could I talk with you a moment?"

"Ah? S-sure," Madoka says, giving you a curious, if startled, look. Mami gives you a puzzled look too, and you turn to give her a smile and a quick, one armed hug.

You catch Homura's gaze out of the corner of your eye. "*I'm going to try and emphasise that she shouldn't contract,*" you send telepathically.

She nods fractionally. "*Understood,*" she says. She hesitates for a moment, before continuing. "*May I come along?*"

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x]Actually, Madoka...Can I talk to you for a minute? Take Madoka aside.
- [x]Madoka...you're probably one of the most important people here, honestly. And I...I want to ask for your help with something.
  - [x]For magical girls, the most important thing...is really to be able to talk about their problems. To have someone they trust, who can keep their head on straight. That...goes for me too. There are always plenty of girls to fight,but what we really need is a good person who cares about us.
- [x]Madoka, you're a good person, and a good friend. Sayaka, Homura, Mami, me...We need someone like you. To keep our heads on straight, because sometimes it's easy to lose perspective...to think that there isn't anything we can do, or that there aren't people who care about us. And you care, a lot.
- [x]And...sometimes, I'm just not sure what to do. How to get through to people. There's one girl, I kind of messed up with her and now she doesn't really want to listen to me at all, and I'm worried for her. Can I ask for your advice with things like that, Madoka? I trust your judgement when it comes to things like that. More than I do my own, honestly.
- [x]Just... there is so much more that we need other than a contract. Please, please don't make a deal with that... thing, okay?

---​

Well that was fun. I accidentally uninstalled the desktop manager from my Linux computer. Whoops.
