# This mortal coil pt. 5

Not much of a choice there. "*Of course,*" you respond. You give her a quick smile, before turning to Mami. You slip your arm around her in another one armed hug. "We'll be just a few minutes, OK?"

"Alright," she says, returning the smile. She's obviously curious, but she doesn't ask.

You stand, and the three of you head around the corner of the stairwell to talk away from the others. You turn around, finding Madoka looking at you, faint confusion on her face while Homura hovers protectively beside the other girl.

You give Homura a quick smile. *Trust me.*

She nods fractionally, her violet eyes never leaving yours.

"A-ah, Sabrina? Homura?" Madoka asks, looking between the two of you. "What's this about?"

Homura blinks slowly, tilting her head at you, and Madoka obligingly turns to you, her eyes worried.

A deep breath, and you focus on Madoka. "Madoka...you're probably one of the most important people here, honestly," you say, choosing your words with care. Out of the corner of your eye, you see Homura stiffen. "And, well, I... I want to ask for your help with something."

"I- ah? W-what can I do?" Madoka asks, voice tremulous.

"More than you know," you say, trying to project confidence. The best lie is one that's *true*. She can do so much more than she knows. "For us magical girls... the most important thing is really to be able to talk about our problems."

"I... Oh. But you're so *strong,*" Madoka says.

You shake your head, smiling sadly. "I know it doesn't feel like much. But it *is*. To have someone who we can trust, who can keep their head on straight. And I do mean *we*, Madoka, myself included. It's a *lot*. It's..." A wave of the hand, as you search for the words. "There are always girls to help fight, but what's *rarer*, what we *need* is a good person who cares about us."

"I... I don't understand," Madoka says. "I-is something *wrong*? I- of course I'll be your friend, Sabrina, and you, Homura. And Sayaka and Mami!"

"Um," you say, mind skidding to a halt as you frantically back up on your speech. "No, Nothing's wrong, per se, just... I'm getting kind of stressed, and I'm worried about you."

"Worried about me?" Madoka asks, pink eyes huge and worried. "A-ah... Nothing's happened to me. Not like Sayaka or you or H-homura or Mami."

"We don't want you to make a contract," Homura says bluntly.

"I-I wasn't thinking about it!" Madoka protests weakly, the little hitch in her throat giving voice to the lie.

Homura seizes the pinkette by the shoulders, spinning Madoka to face her. "Madoka, *please*. It's not worth it. Nothing's worth you making a contract."

"H-Homura?" Madoka stammers.

"Just... please, don't make a contract," Homura says, quiet despair in her voice. You keep an eye on her Soul Gem - nothing too bad.

"W-what's wrong?" Madoka asks, seeming to sag in on herself. "I- I won't. I won't make a contract, b-but what's wrong?"

"Nothing, not really," you say, trying to reassure her. You step forward, laying a gentle hand on Madoka's shoulder. "Madoka... yeah. We *are* concerned about you making a contract, Sayaka notwithstanding. It's not worth it, and... there's so much more that we need other than a contract."

"Ah... OK," Madoka says, sounding more *confused* than anything, what with Homura still clutching at her shoulders in a death grip, head bowed.

You sigh again. "Madoka, you're a good person, and a good friend. Sayaka, Homura, Mami... me. We need someone like you, to keep our heads on straight." You pause, as you *hear* what you just said.

... in your defense, you hadn't *intended* the pun.

And Charlotte's long gone, anyway.

"But yeah," you say, shaking your head. "Sometimes... it's easy to lose perspective, to think that there isn't anythng we can do, or that there aren't people who care about us."

"That's not true!" Madoka protests, interrupting you. "I care about everyone!"

Yeah. There's the problem isn't it?

"I know," you say. "And that's so very much, Madoka."

"B-but," Madoka stutters, soft pink eyes darting from Homura to you, and then back again. "I- I don't- what's *happening*, in the first place?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Hmmm.
