# This mortal coil pt. 6

A moment, hanging in the balance, for you to decide.

You can't tell her everything.

Homura wouldn't approve, and as much as you joke about her being your mom... Her opinion matters - and it matters to *you*. It really is that simple.

It isn't the right *time,* in any case. You can just about imagine a little mental Homura scowling at you, her arms crossed. Obsidian and amethyst earring dangling from her ear. She'll veto telling Madoka, of course.

You'll agree with the Homura in your mind on that score - this simply isn't the right time. She'll probably say that there's *never* a right time to tell Madoka stuff, and you'll disagree with her that. Heh. A hypothetical mental Sayaka would probably take grave issues with your mental Homura, anyway.

Enough daydreaming, even if that was only for a moment. You don't need to turn to check where the others are - you can sense them well enough, and you can hear to low murmur of conversation from them, around the corner.

They're your friends. They wouldn't eavesdrop on you.

Homura's still facing Madoka, head bowed and knuckles nearly white as they dig into the other girl's shoulders.

"Please," Homura whispers. "Just don't."

"I- I won't," Madoka says. "H-homura, you're h-hurting me-"

Homura lets go, as if Madoka had suddenly turned white-hot, shock on her face. "S-sorry," she stammers.

"N-no." Madoka shakes her head. "N-no, I- I know s-something's happening a-and I'm s-sure you have your reasons, so don't apologise."

The time traveller bows her head, expression pained. You check her Soul Gem again - then again, your Grief sense is always *there*, hovering at the edge of your perception, like how you're always *hearing* things even if you're not *listening*, but that's neither here nor there. Homura's Soul Gem is... within acceptable bounds, but you'll cleanse it later.

"Sayaka and her family were attacked by a Witch yesterday evening," you murmur quietly. Madoka's eyes snap to you, widening in alarm. "No, don't worry - they're fine, Madoka. "Nobody was hurt - I mean, you *saw* Sayaka, and her parents are OK, too. Still a big scare for her, but... they're all unhurt."

"O-oh," Madoka stutters, starting to wring her hands again. "I-I see. That's w-why?"

"Yeah," you sigh, looking away. "One more thing to pile on to a girl who felt helpless, indebted, alone and cornered, with..." Your lips tighten. "With only one way out that she could see... And Kyubey was there to push her over the edge. And that was that. Sayaka Miki became a magical girl."

"T-that's terrible," Madoka says. "H-he did that?"

"He did," you confirm, expression grim and flat. "I... failed her. I did. I saw the signs, and I meant to talk to her, but I underestimated her pain... I thought she'd be better, if she were with her family, but..."

You grimace, eyes dropping to the ground. Simple flagstones, here on the roof. "I left when I should have stayed. When I finally did... too little, too late."

You stare at the ground.

Your fault, isn't it?

You promise so much.

How much have you actually accomplished?

Mami's alive, and... stable. Ish. Dependent on you, but... it was more or less inevitable that she'd need *someone*. And who else could it have been?

Could you have helped her without *breaking* her? Without reducing her to hanging on to your every motion, and fretting when you step away?

You don't know. And that's the worst part.

You failed Sayaka.

She's a puella magi, now. With all that that entails. Consigned to a life of fighting, an-

A hand on your shoulder, and your breath suddenly loud in your ears. The distant chatter of the students is gone, as is the distant hum of Mitakihara city.

Time stop.

You look up in faint surprise, finding Homura in her puella magi uniform.

A pair of violet eyes regard you steadily for a long moment.

"How's your Soul Gem?" she asks quietly.

You check quickly, with a bare flick of your attention. "Not too bad," you say. "I'm not... despairing, Homura. Just... reflective. I've done a lot wrong."

She shrugs fractionally. "I've found that Miki Sayaka is destined to contract. That's... not your fault."

"I could have done better," you argue. "I could have, should have, seen it, hell - I *did* see it. I didn't give it the weight it deserved. I didn't have the *time* to, and that's my fault, too."

Homura blinks slowly. "You can't take on everything, Sabrina," she says, voice whisper quiet and *tired*. Weary. "You can do more than most, but even you can't do everything at once. You'll only fail if you do."

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] But we can be there to support her now. Madoka. Sayaka needs your help. Not as another Puella Magi, but as her best friend who cares about her. You can do so much more than you think, just by being who you are. My powers can help her through some of it, and there's no doubt in my mind Mami could make Sayaka into a great magical girl, but there is no substitute for having a good friend, someone who truly cares for you, that you can share your problems with. Sometimes, just being there for someone is the best thing in the world.
- [x] And that goes for you too Madoka. If you're ever feeling lost or cornered or pressured. If you can only see one way out. Please talk to me. Talk to Homura, talk to Mami, or someone. If it's Homura, she can be there for you in an instant. That's her power. Not only that but she can bring anyone else you need. Contracting is never the only way out. You should never have to feel that way.
- [x] My friends are precious to me. I don't want them to be tricked or pressured into a life of fighting. I don't want them to suffer or feel alone and isolated. I only want the best for them. And that includes you too Madoka. I want the best for you too.
- [x] I want all our friends to know and remember that. That we're there for each other always and when we need it the most. I think that would be wonderful. That's something you can do Madoka. I'm sure of it. It won't be easy. We all need to do our part, but I can't think of anyone better suited for the task. My friend, with the biggest heart, who cares for everyone.

\=====​

The vote is for what you'll say to Homura - she'll most likely return you to normal time after this.
