# This mortal coil pt. 7

You swallow. Homura... *Homura's* trying to comfort *you*.

"You're all my friends, Homura," you say softly, meeting her eyes. "I *want to help*. Why else am I *here*?"

Homura shrugs, a fractional rise and fall of her shoulders. "Are you here for a *reason*?" she asks, voice quiet.

"I don't know," you mutter, before taking a deep breath, closing your eyes. Madokami above, but it's been a long few days. It feels much, much longer than it's really been. Talking to Mami earlier was nice enough, but still. Things weigh kind of heavily on you.

You exhale, eyes still closed.

"But you're right, Homura," you say softly, straightening up and meeting the time traveller's gaze squarely. "You're right. If I try to do everything, I might end up doing nothing... but I have to do *something*, at least. Sayaka is... delicate. We both know that."

You sigh, rubbing at your forehead with your knuckles. "Just... I didn't want her to suffer through all of that again. I'll have to make sure she doesn't."

Homura shrugs again. "She's weak," she notes, as if making an observation about the weather. "And she always pulls Madoka down."

"Maybe, maybe not," you sigh again. "Maybe not this time. *Damned well* not this time, rather." You grimace, and shake your head. "The thing is... she's been Madoka's friend for such a long time."

Homura nods in confirmation, amethyst eyes never leaving yours.

"So beyond failing her, it means I'm that much closer to failing Madoka," you say softly, lips tightening. "And that means I've failed *you*, Homura. That's... *part* of why it bothers me so much, because... in a way, I failed *all* of us when I failed Sayaka." You take another deep breath, steadying yourself. "I *can't* let that happen again."

The time traveller's eyes shift from you to Madoka, the pinkette frozen in the grey hues of the timestop. "You haven't failed yet," she says, looking back at you. There's an undercurrent of urgency in her quiet voice, a note of worry. "Everyone is... still alive."

You smile wanly at Homura. "I'm OK, Homura," you say. "I'm not despairing. Just... I suppose I'm taking it hard, but not despairing. I don't want t- I *can't* fail Madoka, because..." you roll your wrist. "It'd mean I've failed the *both* of you."

She nods slightly.

"I... I want her help with this," you say slowly. "With our *friends*, with keeping everyone stable. She cares too -too much, maybe- that's arguably the *problem*. I..." you exhale. "I know it's why she makes a lot of her wishes. *This* is something she doesn't need to make a Wish to help with."

Homura's hand tightens on your shoulder, and her eyes almost flash, bright and vibrant splashes of violet in the muted colours of the timestop. Her mouth opens, what's probably a reflexive denial rising to her lips, before she chokes it back, considering it for a moment.

"You want Madoka to help keep Miki Sayaka stable?" she asks. You can practically see the gears whirring in her head as she turns the idea over.

"Yeah. But not just Sayaka," you say. "Madoka and Sayaka are friends - but she's also *your* friend, and Mami's, and mine. I'm not saying we're going to dump all our troubles onto her, or bring her in on the... worst aspects of being a magical girl. Not at all. But I *do* want to help her feel useful - and she *would* be helping."

"I see," Homura says. She falls silent, clearly considering the idea. "How?"

"Well, *that* is the easiest part," you say. "We just need to *talk* to her. Novel idea, I know." You smile to take the sting out of the gentle barb. "But really, I mean it - we need to talk to her more. You're hanging out with her these days, aren't you? That's a good start right there."

She nods fractionally.

"Yeah," you say. "I'm going to ask her to talk to Sayaka. That's... really all there is to it. She can help without being directly involved, and if she feels like she's helping, doesn't feel useless... Well, you know her as well as, *better* than I do, Homura. She'll have much less reason to contract."

Homura nods again. "Alright," she says quietly.

You blink in faint surprise before a pleased smile spreads across your face. That was... remarkably painless. "Thanks, Homura," you say, meeting her eyes.

"I hope you're right," Homura says.

"Yeah," you agree. "So do I. I *think* I'm right, but..." You exhale slowly, looking around again at the frozen greys of the timestopped world. "By the way, Homura?" you ask as a thought strikes you. "Can I bother you later, about enchantment? I still think it's my best shot for maybe turning Witches back into magical girls."

She exhales, looking away from you. "Yes," she answers finally. "But you should probably ask Tomoe Mami. She's better than I am."

"I'm asking you," you say firmly, smiling. "And I remember, Homura. Just... I'm asking you, too."

She nods again, looking faintly bemused. "Yes, you can."

"Thanks, Homura," you say. "I... appreciate it. More than I can say." You pause for a moment and smile wryly, shaking your head as you eye her faintly baffled expression. "I... I'm *still* doing it, aren't I? Pushing everyone too hard. Myself included."

The time traveller blinks slowly, her eyebrows contracting a bare millimetre as her lips twist into a small grimace.

"Heh," you say, taking that for agreement. "I guess I just... don't know when to stop. Kind of hypocritical of me, really, and probably a good thing, ninety percent of the time, but... Yeah." You rub wearily at your face. "I guess it doesn't really make putting up with me, dealing with me all that easy, does it?"

She shrugs microscopically. "You've done a lot," she observes. A simple statement of fact. And true enough, you *have*.

"Yeah, but - it really *does* mean a lot to me, Homura," you say. "That you put up with me, and that you trust me, and I... Yeah. Thanks, Homura."

You want to hug her.

"Hey. Homura? I'm going to hug you now, if that's OK?" you ask. Best to make sure, first.

Surprise flickers across her face, before her expression softens slightly, her perpetual frown easing. "... Alright," she murmurs.

You smile. Stepping forward, you wrap your arms around her too-thin form, enfolding her in a warm hug. She leans forward a little, resting her head against your shoulder. "Thank you, Sabrina," she whispers, almost below your threshold of hearing.

"You matter to me," you say simply. "You, and Madoka, and Mami, and Sayaka and Hitomi and everyone else - you're my friends."

"Nevertheless," she responds.

How long has it been since someone was *there* for her?

She separates from the hug a moment later, keeping an arm on your shoulder and expression firming back into her usual implacable mask. "Anything more?"

"Not really..." you demur. "Well... Soul Gem cleanse?"

"That would be good," Homura agrees, lifting her arm to display her Soul Gem to you.

You smile at her, and a flick of will draws away the Grief, almost-black purple wisps flowing through the air. You have masses of Grief - masses and masses, far more than you ever expected to have. Every single bit is tightly under your control, every part just *there* in the back of your mind in the same way you know where your limbs are.

You turn a warm smile on Homura. "Now\... let's help Madoka," you say.

"Let's," she agrees.

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] But we can be there to support her now. Madoka. Sayaka needs your help. Not as another Puella Magi, but as her best friend who cares about her. You can do so much more than you think, just by being who you are. My powers can help her through some of it, and there's no doubt in my mind Mami could make Sayaka into a great magical girl, but there is no substitute for having a good friend, someone who truly cares for you, that you can share your problems with. Sometimes, just being there for someone is the best thing in the world.
- [x] And that goes for you too Madoka. If you're ever feeling lost or cornered or pressured. If you can only see one way out. Please talk to me. Talk to Homura, talk to Mami, or someone. If it's Homura, she can be there for you in an instant. That's her power. Not only that but she can bring anyone else you need. Contracting is never the only way out. You should never have to feel that way.
- [x] My friends are precious to me. I don't want them to be tricked or pressured into a life of fighting. I don't want them to suffer or feel alone and isolated. I only want the best for them. And that includes you too Madoka. I want the best for you too.
- [x] I want all our friends to know and remember that. That we're there for each other always and when we need it the most. I think that would be wonderful. That's something you can do Madoka. I'm sure of it. It won't be easy. We all need to do our part, but I can't think of anyone better suited for the task. My friend, with the biggest heart, who cares for everyone.

\=====​

Final confirmation and nitpicking! (The post dragged out rather much, so I broke it here.)
