# This mortal coil pt. 8

"Left arm further back. Head down," Homura instructs. You arrange your body to suit, trying to hide the fact that you'd been timestopped. It's hard not to let a massive grin split your face from sheer *relief*, though, that Homura accepted your reasoning.

The time traveller nods in satisfaction and steps back, releasing your shoulde-

\-r. Sound crashes into you like a tidal wave, the hum of a living city and happy chatter of schoolchildren sweeping in to chase away the echoing silence of the timestop.

"Sabrina?" Madoka's voice, sounding anxious and worried.

You draw in a deep breath... and you blow it out, *hard*, shedding your regrets and self-recrimination. For now, it's time to talk to your pink haired friend and save *her* from herself. Hugs probably mandatory, nor are they futile.

Or, like, *friendship time*. It is by friendship alone you set your mind in motion, and all that.

... Not *entirely* inaccurate.

You smile, discarding those thoughts, and look up at Madoka. Homura, hovering by the pinkette's shoulder, gives you a shallow nod. "I'm OK," you say. "I am."

"O-oh. OK," Madoka says, looking unsure.

"I am, Madoka," you insist. "Just... some passing thoughts. But anyway... The point I was going to make is - Madoka, Sayaka needs your help. *Not*-" you raise a finger for emphasis, "-as another puella magi. But as her best friend, who cares about her."

"I- ah?" Madoka asks, sounding befuddled.

You sigh heavily, opening your palms towards her. "You can do so much more than you think, just by being who you are, Madoka. As I said - girls who can fight are... easy to find. Other challenges... My powers can help her through some of it. Mami can and *will* make Sayaka into a great magical girl, but there is *no* substitute for having a good friend, someone who truly cares for you, that you can share your problems with. Sometimes, just being there for someone is the best thing in the world. And I'm asking you to *be* that friend for Sayaka."

"A-ah... I don't know what it's like, though..." Madoka says, starting to twist her fingers together again.

"Then let her tell you," you say firmly, meeting her eyes. "Talk to her. Talk to us. And Madoka, everything I've said applies to you, too. If you're ever feeling lost or cornered or pressured, if you think there's only one way out... Talk to me. Talk to *Homura*, talk to Mami, Sayaka, *someone*.[ ](<http://somewhere, is fighting for you. As long as you remember her,>)You are *not* alone."

You pause, and switch to telepathy for emphasis. "*We're never far away, Madoka,*" you say. "Mami and I will only ever be a few minutes, and Homura can be there in an instant - that's her power.." You nod your head at the time traveller.

Homura nods slightly in response. Madoka glances from you, to Homura, and then back to you, looking overwhelmed.

"Don't make a contract, Madoka," Homura says quietly. Surprised, Madoka jumps a little.

It's only because you're watching Homura closely that you see that tiny, tiny flinch.

You give Homura a quick, reassuring smile before meeting Madoka's eyes squarely. "Madoka, it... contracting is *never* the way out. My friends are precious to me. I don't want them to be tricked or pressured into a life or fighting, or for them to suffer or feel alone and isolated. And that includes you too, Madoka."

You pause to let that sink in.

"I-I-" Madoka looks up at you. "I'll do it." She nods resolutely, a determined expression appearing on her face. "I'll h-help Sayaka and Homura and Mami and you. A-and I won't make a contract!"

There's a hint of steel in her spine, her shoulders perhaps a little straighter, set more firmly, than they were before.

Homura sags in place, some ephemeral weight lifted from her shoulders... but she doesn't relax. Not fully.

You're not sure she ever will.

"Alright, Madoka," you say softly. "I... Well, thank you."

The pinkette smiles at you. "Y-you're my friend, too. And you, Homura!" She turns to the time traveller, smiling warmly.

Homura nods slightly in response.

"A-ah... we should go back to the others now, though..." Madoka says, glancing at the time. "Lunch is almost over!"

You smile at her, then Homura. You arch an eyebrow at her - *anything else?*

Violet eyes blink slowly, and she shakes her head as Madoka turns to go.

"*Thank you,*" her voice sounds inside your head.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

The next vote will close lunch, so include your next activity.

And if anyone's wondering where my update speed went - I am *drowning* in uni work, and I don't have the energy to write during my commute, most times.
