# This mortal coil pt. 9

"*Anytime, Homura,*" you respond, giving her a smile. Relief floods your body - you *did* it! You navigated a metaphorical social minefield, and you didn't mess up! With help from Homura, and... you've maybe sort of convinced Madoka not to contract? At least for now? And getting her to help Sayaka - even if you don't know her powers yet, that can only be a benefit.

If your smile were any wider, you'd probably have to get stitches later.

"Hi, Mami!" you greet cheerfully as you round the corner.

"Ah... Hi, Sabrina!" Mami says, an answering smile chasing away the worried expression on her face.

You beam, and catch her in a cheerful, empathic hug before plopping yourself down on the bench next to her. "Hi, everyone!"

Sayaka and Hitomi seem faintly perplexed by your sudden good mood, but greet you back.

Everyone's finished their lunches by now, and it's nearly time for them to head back in, but still... "How's everyone doing?" you ask, still smiling around.

Homura raises a puzzled eyebrow at you, to which you respond with a cheerful grin, too happy to let anything get you down for now.

"Ah... we're doing well," Mami says, sounding unsure. "How about you, Sabrina?"

"Peachy," you say, smiling at her. You slide your arm around her waist and pull her into a sidelong hug, squeezing her lightly. The uncertainty fades into a glad smile.

"Oh, Sayaka!" Madoka says, looking at her friend. "Have you started on the math homework yet?"

"Eh? No, I was going to do it tomorrow," the bleunette says.

"Well... Maybe we could work on it after school today?" Madoka suggests.

"I wanted to go see Kyousuke today," Sayaka says, pursing her lips. "After that, maybe?"

That's probably as good a time as any for you to interrupt. You were going to bring this up telepathically, but since it's already out in the open, as it were...

"Um, don't forget the training," you say. "Maybe hospital first for a while, then training, then dinner and we can all split up?"

"Ah... we could have dinner at my place after the training?" Mami suggests.

Madoka clasps her hands, beaming. "That sounds great!"

"Sounds like a plan," Sayaka says, nodding decisively.

"You're invited too, Homura, Hitomi," Mami says, before glancing at you. "Ah, if that's alright, Sabrina?"

You shrug, smiling. "Sure, that sounds good," you say. You're not *entirely* sure about Hitomi coming along, but she *is* a friend too. No real reason why not, you reckon.

Y'know, when you put it that way, it sounds like the kind of thing that would be ironic in hindsight, doesn't it? And you'd think back to this moment and bemoan yourself for not doing something about it all the way back then.

...

*Nah*.

You're just being paranoid.

Bad habit of yours.

It's not like there's hidden thoughts and flashes of impossible insight in your head. There *is* that amnesia and the fact that you seem to be just over a week old, but no, that's... fairly normal. For you, anyway.

Right, paranoia.

... You really *do* want to know what a mindreader would make of you, though.

"How are you doing, Mami?" You turn to the blonde sitting beside you as Sayaka starts expounding on the wonders of Mami's cooking to Hitomi, Madoka contributing the occasional sentence.

"I'm alright," Mami says. She hesitates for a moment, before shaking her head with a smile. "I'm glad to see you happy, Sabrina."

"Heh," you chuckle. "I'm happy to *be* happy. But how are you feeling?"

Mami falls silent for a moment, emotions flickering across her face as she works through her thoughts. "I'm... content," she offers, finally, nestling into your side. "I have friends. I have you."

You hug her again. "That's great!" you say. "Though I uh. Meant more like, how's your morning been and so on?"

"Well... I'm still a little worried about you," Mami admits. "You seemed upset."

You smile warmly at Mami. "I'm OK," you say. "I... really am."

"Alright," Mami says, returning the smile. She cuddles against your shoulder. "*You won't leave me, right?*"

"*No, of course not,*" you respond, raising an eyebrow at Sayaka's gesticulations. "Hey, I helped with the cooking, OK?"

"I know!" Sayaka says. "But Mami's cooking is amazing. Are you going to bake another cake any time soon?"

Mami perks up, looking up from your shoulder. "We could do that for the picnic? Today looks like it might be a bit too full to fit that in."

"That sounds good!" Madoka claps her hands in delight.

You laugh, joining the conversation. The rest of the lunchbreak speeds by, and far too soon, it's about time for them to go.

"Alright," you say, standing and offering a hand to Mami. "See you all after school?"

"Yeah, later," Sayaka says, tossing you a lazy wave as she tries to help Hitomi up. The verdette gives her an irritated look, pushing herself to her feet and dusting her skirt off with an upraised nose. Sayaka sighs, shaking her head.

Madoka smiles in... what she probably thinks is a conspiratorial manner. "See you later!"

"See you," Homura says. Her amethyst eyes meet and hold yours for a long moment, and she nods slightly barely a centimetre.

You turn to Mami as Madoka starts to nudge Homura and Sayaka towards the stairs, Hitomi following with an amused look. You wrap your arms around Mami in a warm hug, trying to convey your simple affection and concern for her. You care about her, damn it. It's that simple. "And yes, see you after school, Mami. Of course I will," you murmur.

She hugs you back tightly. "See you, Sabrina," she says, voice soft.

"Yeah," you say, releasing the hug. She lets you go reluctantly, and you smile as you step back, calling Grief to you. "Soon."

"Alright," she says, nodding and turning to head off towards the stairwell.

Your wings unfurl as marbles of Grief dissolve, melting away into the fractal, dizzying patterns curling and writhing at the edges of your vision. Homura's wings, once upon a never, as she fought Wraiths at the... what, the end of the world? You have no idea, to be honest, and the memory's an odd one.

You shrug it off, and throw yourself skywards and a powerful flap. You soar into the clear blue sky, joining the few clouds scudding on their way. Onwards to Yokosuka, just to check on Megane, then.

There's an entire flock of Grief spheres trailing after you in a loose cloud. Containing... Well, a *lot* of money.

... What'd happen if you handed Oriko that money and told her to play the stocks?

...

She *probably* wouldn't crash the world economy.

Probably.

You have to admit the thought of her sitting on Kirika's shoulders, wearing a trenchcoat, and hobnobbing with all the highpowered financiers to be a pretty appealing mental image, though.

Though speaking of finance, that reminds you of Akiko, and *that* reminds you of the University girls. Hm. Best let them know about Sunday... "*Miss Tsubaki?*" You reach out mentally for the leader of the University Group.

"*Good afternoon, Miss Sabrina!*" the girl responds cheerfully.

Well. She's in a good mood.

"*Hey, just checking in - is Sunday OK for a cleansing trip?*" you ask, wings pumping.

"*Sure, Sunday's fine,*" Chouko responds.

"*Cool. Any problems, recently?*" you ask.

"*Nah. Miss Mori's taken over the Sendai group, more or less... she seems OK,*" Chouko says. "*They stay out of our way, for most part.*"

"*Good to hear,*" you say. "*Anyway. Sunday, yeah?*"

"*Yeah. See you then,*" she says.

You smile to yourself as that connection closes. Alright. Next up, Rin, who's apparently developed quite a bit of backbone. Then again, you knew that. "*Miss Mori?*"

It takes a moment for her to respond. "*Good afternoon, Miss Sabrina,*" she says.

"*Heya. Just checking in - is Sunday good for me dropping by for cleansing?*" you ask.

There's another pause. "*That's fine, yes,*" she responds.

"*Cool. Say, I'm curious - are you officially the leader of your group now?*" you ask, banking on a thermal. You don't *need* to, per se, but it's an easy way to gain height.

"*I... suppose so,*" Rin says. She doesn't *sound* sure. Kind of startled. Which makes sense, you guess. "*We don't exactly have an official ratification procedure, you know. The others listen to me, so yes, I suppose I'm the leader.*"

"*Hunh. Neat,*" you say. "*Alright, then. Sunday?*"

"*Sunday,*" Rin confirms. "*I take it you'll be visiting the University Group at the same time?*"

"*Yup,*" you confirm.

"*Noted,*" she says. "*See you on Sunday.*"

"*See you!*" you say cheerfully.

Yokosuka Middle School's just up ahead now, that enormous edifice of Glass and steel. You coast in for a gentle landing on the deserted roof - if Mitakihara Middle School's roof is Anor freaking Londo, then *this* is freaking *Asgard*.

You crouch, wings drawing in around you, and scan the building. Let's see. Magical girls, potentials... Hm. That's Megane down there, you think, with her Soul Gem filling slowly. She's got the Grief Seed you'd given her, Andrea with her. As far as you can tell, she's sitting in class. There are... hm. Three shades of Grief scattered about the school. Potentials.

Interesting.

First things first - you *do* want to check in with Masami and Hiroko. So, to that end... "*Good afternoon, Masami, Hiroko?*"

The illusionist is the first to respond. "*Good afternoon, Sabrina.*"

"*'afternoon,*" Masami says, sounding considerably less grumpy than she had in the morning.

"*How's everything? And is... well, not quite *now* now, but within half an hour or so a good time for me to drop by?*" you ask, considering the three potential puella magi down below.

"*Eh. Sure,*" Masami says. "*What do you need, anyway?*"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Bah. Sorry for the slow update rate.
