# This mortal coil pt. 10

"*Well,*" you say, pausing to consider the question. "*Two things, really. One is... I need to ask a big favour, and the other is... there's a project I've been working on that should be a big help for the both of you.*"

You spare a thought for the potentials in the school below. To be absolutely honest... there's not much you can do with them right at this instance? You'll have to come back to them later.

"*Oh? Go on?*" Masami prompts, voice guarded.

You crouch and spring hard, throwing yourself skywards with a massive sweep of your wings. A mass of Grief trails after you, a rarified mass of deep purple spheres in differing sizes. Hard enough to see from the ground at the heights you fly at, usually.

"*Yeah... I'm having a problem with the new magical girl across town I told you about, earlier,*" you say. You hesitate. "*I'd rather talk to you in person, though, if that's alright?*"

"*One moment,*" Hiroko responds.

You huff a sigh, and continue climbing, winging upwards and onwards with thundering strokes of your wings.

You're pretty lucky you haven't been spotted yet. Or maybe you have? You... don't think it's the kind of thing that gets spotted in the news, though you don't watch it terribly much. And Kyuubey would probably censor it, anyway.

Tsk.

"*Sabrina?*" Hiroko asks, a few peaceful minutes' of flight later.

"*Yep?*" you ask.

"*Ah... We're willing to talk about it?*" she says.

"*Cool. I'm on my way over, then?*" you respond, banking towards their district.

"*Alright,*" the illusionist says. "*How long will you be?*"

"*Not too long,*" you respond.

"*Alright,*" she says. "*See you when you get here, then.*"

"*Yep!*" you confirm, swinging past the glittering steel of Mitakihara's central business district. Skyscrapers by the dozen, towering towards the clear blue sky, and yet far beneath you as powerful wingbeats drive you onwards. Wings much like Homura's, writhing and twisting.

Heh. Once upon a never, Homura will have had these wings, and then again, exchange them for another pair, one with awfully familiar black feathers.

You sigh. That'll never come to pass, if you have anything to say about it. Though speaking of *feathers*... you dwell on that one *damned* Feather again. It came out of your *Barrier*. And you don't even know what it is, what it signifies...

Tsk.

You don't even know how to start investigating it.

You frown at that thought, the wind whipping at your hair. You don't know how to start investigating it.

Do you?

Something niggles at the back of your mind with that thought, but... you can't really place it. Hm.

Well. A thought to ruminate on. For now, you have more immediate responsibilities.

You reach out telepathically. "*Hey, Kirika?*"

"*Sabrina? Are you coming back?*" Kirika responds, almost immediately.

You bite back a pang of regret. "*I... not yet, Kirika. I'm sorry. I promise I'll be back today,*" you say. Tonight, if nothing else. Dinner plans... made things a little troublesome, but that really wasn't entirely your decision.

You either have to bring Mami over, or let her sleep alone. You rather seriously doubt she'd agree to the latter.

Tsk.

"*Oh,*" Kirika says. "*Oh.*"

Guilt bites deep into you, worrying at your guts. "*I'm sorry,*" you say again. "*How are you?*"

"*I'm-*" she bites off the first response that rose to her lips. "*I'm OK.*"

"*You're sure?*" Very carefully, you don't ask about Oriko.

"*Yeah,*" she says, and there's a hitch in her voice that says she's worried and fretting and probably not really OK at all.

You bite your lip. "*Kirika, I swear I'll be back as soon as I can. And remember that you *can* wake Oriko up if you need to.*"

"*Yeah, I know,*" she mutters.

"*I'm sorry,*" you say again, sighing as you coast in for a landing on a building next to Masami and Hiroko's apartment block. It's a nice, upscale neighbourhood - recent enough, you think, and new buildings still going up. You vaguely wonder how they have the money to afford it, but... eh. A question for another time.

Kirika makes a wordless noise, pain and worry eloquent and obvious. "*Come back soon,*" she says.

"*I will. Today,*" you say.

"*OK,*" Kirika says, worry saturating her tone.

You walk the rest of the way, hands in your pockets as you thread through the sparse afternoon crowds. You draw a few curious stares, but this is Japan, and nobody bothers you as you frown to yourself, thinking. So damned many things to do today...

It doesn't take you long to get to the seventh floor of the couple's apartment block, and you ring the doorbell, rocking on your heels as you wait. You sense Masami and Hiroko getting off the couch, and walking over towards the door. A moment later, you hear the rattle of the security chain, and the black haired girl cracks the door open, the slightly taller Masami standing at her shoulder.

"Hi, Sabrina," Hiroko says, green eyes crinkling with a little smile.

"Hi, Hiroko, Masami" you say. "May I come in?"

"Hi, Sabrina," Masami says with a sigh. "Sure, come on in."

Hiroko pulls the door open as you take your shoes off, and soon enough, you're settled on their couch - they're on the loveseat, cuddled into each other with Hiroko's head leaning on Masami's shoulder. Cups of fresh tea sit in front of each of you.

"So how have you been?" you ask, claiming your cup and taking a sip.

"We've been good," Masami says. "Great, really." Hiroko elbows her in the side, and she sighs. "I... OK, look, I never really thanked you properly, did I?"

You purse your lips, thinking back. "You did?"

"Not properly," Hiroko says, tilting her head up to look at Masami.

Masami sighs, giving you a 'what can you do' look. "Not properly," she concedes. "So... thank you Sabrina. I still think you meddle too much, but... thank you."

Your shrug depreciatingly. "You're welcome," you say. "I'm glad to hear you're doing well."

"Mmmm," Hiroko hums, taking one of the teacups and sipping. "How about you, Sabrina? Drink your tea, Masami."

"Eh." You wave your free hand in a vague circle. "Busy, busy, busy. Too many crises to handle."

"Which is why you're dumping one on us?" Masami asks shrewdly, crossing her arms. Hiroko swats her lightly. "What? I'm right, I know I am."

You sigh. "In... a manner of speaking."

"Hah!" Masami says, turning a smug look on Hiroko.

The black haired girl chuffs out an aggrieved sigh, swatting at Masami again. "Sorry, Sabrina, she's always like that," she says, glancing at you.

"Hey, you know you love me," Masami says, the smug grin on her face widening and a trace of cockiness colouring her voice.

Hiroko rolls her eyes. "That doesn't mean you're not annoying\~" she says with a singsong lilt to her voice. "Now apologise!"

Masami pouts. "Fine. Sorry, Sabrina."

You shake your head with a laugh. "'sfine."

"What *do* you need?" Hiroko asks, sitting up straight from Masami's shoulder.

You click your tongue, searching for the words. "Well... there's a new magical girl out to the east of the town."

"Hooo boy, I know where *this* is going," Masami interjects, cutting you off. "She needs a trainer, and you don't have the time?"

You nod slowly. "It's... a little worse than that, because of the attitude she has, but..." you wave your hand in another floppy circle. "Yeah, that's pretty much the gist of it."

Masami snorts. "Wouldn't be the first magical girl I've trained," she offers with a ghost of a smirk.

"If this one ends up like the last one, *darling*, we're going to have *words,*" Hiroko notes with a smile.

"Not bloody likely," Masami says, laughing.

Hiroko shakes her head. "Sorry, Sabrina. Go on?"

"Yeah, well..." you say, stifling your smirk. "I told you about Ono Megane, right? New girl out east?" At their nod, you continue. "Right, so... she doesn't know about how to live as a magical girl. She's using her magic too fast, she doesn't really seem to *get* that we *are* our Soul Gems, and she doesn't even really want to hunt Witches, apparently."

"And you want us to smack some sense into her?" Masami asks, head tilting over to the side.

You waggle your hands. "That's putting it too harshly. But she's kind of a brat, and we got off on the wrong foot *through no fault of my own*-" you ignore her snort, "- and none of my other friends have the attention to handle her. She underestimates Witches, and she can't or won't switch her power off and she's going to get herself killed."

Masami and Hiroko exchange a look, clearly considering it. To your surprise, they seem to be considering it, right off the bat. Just to sweeten the pot, though...

"I'm not asking you to do it for free, either," you say. "I can compensate you, and not just with cleansing, either. Money, too, and uh, well, I maaaaaaay have recently acquired some gold bars, and that's on the table too."

"... gold bars?" Masami asks, raising her eyebrows.

"Yep," you say, raising a hand, palm out. A blob of Grief zooms in through the window, and deposits a single bar of gold in your hand. It's a small thing, barely the size of two or three of your fingers put together, but it weighs... exactly half a kilo, judging from the stamped words on it. "Gold bars."

You hand it over to Masami, and she nearly drops it in surprise at the weight. "Whoa."

"Yep," you say. "Anyway, well, money, gold bars if you want them, and of course, cleansing."

Masami glances at Hiroko again, and the other girl tips her head to the side in a vague nod. From the lightning fast flicker of expressions across their faces, you can tell they're communing by telepathy.

You fidget with your teacup as they confer. Hmm. You rather hope they'll agree. You really can't handle Megane yourself. Not when you have to handle Sayaka too. *Maybe* you could foist her off on Kyouko, but no, you'd rather not. Hm.

You *still* don't know what powers Sayaka has. Does she even have swords any more? Heh. Swords. Swords swords swords swords. You rather prefer your hammer, of course.

"We'll do it," Hiroko says, nodding at you.

"Really?" You blink in surprise. "Just like that?"

Masami shrugs lightly. "I... I don't mind teaching," she admits.

"And she doesn't mind helping a new girl," Hiroko adds, elbowing the redhead.

Masami sighs. "Yeah, that too," she says.

You grin. "Brilliant!" you say brightly. "Thank you both so very much, Masami, Hiroko. So um, what kind of compensation do you want? Money, gold, cleanses?"

Masami and Hiroko exchange looks. "To be honest, cleanses and Grief Seed refreshes are plenty?"

"... really? Um, I don't mean to be ungrateful, but that's all?" you ask, faint incredulity colouring your tone.

They shrug, almost in unison.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

... well then.
