# This mortal coil pt. 11

"... Well, thanks!" you say, beaming at them. That went *well*. That went *really* well.

You kind of sort of want to just launch yourself at them and give them a hug for being reasonable, but they probably won't take it very well.

Hiroko giggles abruptly, and passes her hand over her face. You can feel the illusion weaving into place, delicate, fiery strands of magic twisting to alter her appearance. It's a subtle effect - deepening of the shadows, her eyes a little sunken, her face a little more gaunt.

She coughs, and speaks in a far deeper voice than usual. "*This* is your magical girl on Grief." Even her voice is slurred. Exhausted.

"Or you could always illusion me back into the skeleton state," Masami offers.

"... Don't scare her *too* badly," you say, shaking your head with a smile. "I mean, the idea is to train her. I mean, scaring her straight has its place, but still."

"... I'll rein her in" Hiroko asks, giving her girlfriend a *look*.

"Aw, don't be like that," the redhead says. "Remember back when you were my cute little kohai?"

"Yes," Hiroko says. If her voice were any drier, you could market her as industrial grade dessicant. "Yes, I do."

"Doesn't look like you managed to scare *her* straight," you say, jabbing a thumb at the black haired girl.

The couple roll their eyes in unison. "Har har," Masami says.

"Anyway," you say. "What shall I tell Megane? Or... do you want me to just patch you through by telepathy?"

Hiroko clicks her tongue, cutting off Masami. "She doesn't like you, right?" she asks.

"Yeah," you admit. "Through no fault of my own! I just... made a bad impression."

"Mmmhm." Masami injects a certain amount of scepticism into the noise.

"I think it would be best if we were to contact her on our own," Hiroko says slowly. "So that we can make our own impression. Do you know where she lives? Where she goes to school?"

"Yes, and yes. Yokosuka Middle School," you say, nodding. Are you *that* bad at making first impressions? You absently rattle off her address. "... Do you think business cards would help?"

"... Business cards?" Hiroko asks, thrown by the sudden change of topic.

"Uh, sorry. Was just thinking that I'm *awful* at making first impressions," you explain, shaking the thoughts away. "So I was thinking, like, making a business card? White Ribbon Corporations, with a picture of a Grief Seed on the back, but uh, never mind."

"... Right," Masami says, exchanging a look with Hiroko. The black haired girl shrugs, looking just as confused.

"*Anyway,*" you say, waving your hand at them. "I mentioned a project too, didn't I?"

"Yes, you did," Hiroko confirms with a nod. "Uh, do you want the gold bar back, by the way?"

"Hm? Yeah, pass it back? And right, so..." You root around in your pocket, and produce Hildegarde's Grief Seed. "Right, see this?" You pass it over to Hiroko, exchanging it for the gold bar.

"... is this a Grief Seed?" she asks, holding it so that both her and Masami can examine it.

"Kind of?" you say. "I call it a clear Seed, and uh. Well, I basically just take a Grief Seed and keep pulling Grief out until there's almost nothing left."

"Sooo..." Masami asks, raising an eyebrow. "It can be used more?"

"Yeah," you say. "Exactly. A couple hundred times, if I'm calculating it correctly? Or was it a couple thousand?"

Masami's eyes widen. "Holy *shit*."

Hiroko nods in silent agreement. "That's... amazing," she whispers. "If we'd had these..."

"Yeah," you say. "That's the idea. I... I haven't entirely perfected these, but I'm passing them around for testing."

Both Masami and Hiroko look at you with eager anticipation in their eyes, an identical smile spread across two faces.

"... Look, ease off on the puppy dog eyes and let me lay out the downsides first?" you say, rubbing at your forehead.

"I'm not making puppy dog eyes," Masami protests.

... She totally is. Quite effectively, too, with her devastatingly large, soft brown eyes.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice sounds inside your head.

"*Hi, Mami!*" you respond cheerfully while raising an unimpressed eyebrow at Masami. "OK, the first problem is that if you put it together with a normal Grief Seed, the normal one will pull as much Grief as it can from the clear one, which, uh, can bring it pretty close to hatching."

"So... Keep it away from normal Grief Seeds?" Masami asks.

Mami's mental voice brightens. "*Hi, Sabrina. How are you?*"

"\*I'm doing fine. How are \*you?" you respond to Mami, giving Masami a judicious nod. "Just so. And the other thing is... I'm... not *quite* sure they're absolutely safe yet, I have to admit."

"Feh. Knew it was too good to be true," Masami mutters.

"*I'm doing well, too,*" Mami says. "*It's math class now!*"

"Yeah... They're definitely safe for a few days, a week at least," you say. "I have a friend who's a seer, and she's been using them for a few days. She hasn't forseen any particular consequences with them."

... hm. Friend? *Is* that what Oriko is to you? You're... not really sure. You muse on that as you reply to Mami. "*Ah, how's that going?*"

"... of *course* you know a seer," Masami mutters. Hiroko shakes her head, swatting Masami lightly.

"*It's going well!*" Mami responds. "*I- ah! Miss Sakaguchi's calling on me, I need to present. I'll... I'll talk to you soon?*"

"*Soon,*" you promise Mami. You shrug at Masami. "Well. Yeah, I do," you say. "But yeah, that's the current state of affairs with the clear Seeds. They're functional. And... the one I have there's a... prototype of sorts, but I can make one for you girls if you want? I'd just need to go fight a Witch."

Hiroko leans forward. "Would any Grief Seed do?" She reaches inside her skirt pocket and pulls out a Grief Seed. You check it - about half full.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Well, yeah.
