# This mortal coil pt. 12

"... yep, that'll do," you say, blinking at the Grief Seed being proffered towards you.

"Well?" Masami prompts.

"Well. In *that* case, we should take this outside," you say, taking the Grief Seed from Hiroko. "There's going to be a *lot* of Grief. Could I have my clear Seed back?"

"Sure," Hiroko says, standing gracefully. She passes Hidlegarde back to you, and you tuck the Seed into your pocket.

Masami pops to her feet, an inquisitive look on her face. "So you pull all the Grief out of a Grief Seed?"

"Yeah," you say, waiting politely as Hiroko unlocks the door. You *could* just pop out through the window, but that'd be just rude.

"What do you do with it?" Hiroko asks, giving you a curious look. "The Grief?"

"I tend to just hang on to it, actually," you admit, following Masami out the door. "I haven't found a better use for it, other than giving it to the little white rat. I mean, I use it for combat, but I don't use *that* much. Mostly." Except in times of extremely large fights.

"Hrm," Masami says as Hiroko locks the door behind you. "Can't you just leave it somewhere?"

"Nope," you say. "It just dissolves if it leaves my control range."

"Ergh," the redhead says, leading the way to the lift.

"Yeah, it's a thing," you grumble. "I've been trying to work around it, but not to that much success."

Masami snorts. "First class magical girl problems?"

You shrug, and waggle a hand. "Ehh." You have grander goals, in any case.

Granted, you aren't quite sure *what* those goals are, just yet, but... you're working on it.

Hiroko giggles, politely raising one hand to cover her mouth.

"*Any*way," you say loudly. "As I was saying, there's going to be a lot of Grief, and your, uh, Witch senses might go off, but it's fine. It's a normal part of the process."

"Gotcha," Masami says, nodding.

You chat amiably with the couple as you head towards the lift, and then the fire escape for that last level. Masami seems to have eased up considerably in her dislike for you. Then again, getting to experience life again probably mellowed her out considerably.

You emerge ahead of the couple, stepping out onto on the bare, sunbaked concrete of the rooftop. You transform absently, the familiar weight of your longcoat settling around your shoulders, and you beam at Masami and Hiroko, turning to face them.

"Alright, this'll take a moment," you say, holding up the gold bar you'd retrieved from Hiroko in one hand. "Oh, and if you're curious as to what about a... quarter? Nah, less... whatever, a substantial chunk of Grief looks like, well, that's it." You toss the gold bar lightly, flipping it towards the corner of the roof.

Masami follows the glittering arc described by the gold bar, turning to spot the Grief spheres, piled up like so many bowling balls made of some iridescent, deep purple material. One sphere lurches into the air at your will, gobbling up the slab of gold.

"Hunh," she says, giving the pile a glance. "Alright then."

"Hmmm," you murmur, looking down at the Grief Seed balancing on its point in your hand. "Alright. Nothing for it, then." You take a deep breath, looking around at Masami and Hiroko. "OK, here we go. Again, this is probably going to light off your Witch senses."

"Right," Hiroko nods, along wiht Masami. "We understand."

With that reassurance, you focus on the Grief Seed in your hand, and you tear free a river of Grief. A dense miasma of a purple so dark it's very nearly black pours around you in a rippling cloud. Spheres accrete out of the roiling bank, stellar formation in fast forward.

Out of the corner of your eye, you see Masami flinch, backing away a step before steeling herself. Hiroko squeezes her hand.

Spheres of Grief, solid and compact, fill the air. A slight breeze picks up, stirring your coat... before promptly dying away.

... *damn* it! *One* day you'll get your dramatic billowing.

One day.

Dozens, then hundreds of spheres of Grief drift around you, occluding the sun in dappled, rippling patterns.

After what feels like hours but is probably bare minutes, the Grief Seed is *empty*, but for the single, abyssal speck remaining.

*Joanne*.

The Witch is quiet. Quiescent.

You exhale, smiling, and banish the constellation of Grief to join the rest of the Grief with a wave.

"And... *voilà*," you say, holding out the glassy-clear Seed to the couple.

Masami's the first to step forward, eyeing the considerably larger pile of Grief in the corner - really, it's not so much in the corner as it is taking up a good third of the roof, now.

She takes the clear Seed, from you, turning it over in her hands. "Feels about the same," she notes.

You shrug. "Were you expecting it to be different?"

"A Grief Seed that might last pretty much forever?" Masami fires back. "Yeah, I do."

"... I can go and get some glitter to throw on it?" you offer.

Hiroko swats Masami, a smile on her face. "What she means to say is thank you, Sabrina," she says.

You hide your snicker behind a hand as Masami apologies.

"Anyway, give it a try?" you say.

Masami holds her hand out, her Soul Gem appearing on the flat of her palm with a faint flash of light. She offers it to Hiroko with a smile, and the black haired girl returns it before tapping the clear Seed to it. Without fuss, Grief drains away from the Soul Gem and into the Seed.

"Excellent," you says, satisfaction in your voice. "All good there, Masami?"

"Yeah," she says, nodding. "Just like using a regular Grief Seed."

"Cool," you say. "Anything else?"

"No... Thanks, Sabrina," Masami says, rubbing at the back of her head.

"No, thank *you* both," you say. "For agreeing to help. And if you need any help, or cleansing or talking or anything, give me a call, OK? I'll be happy to help."

"Sure, thanks," Masami says. A cocky grin flickers across her face. "Doubt we'll need it, though."

Hiroko nods, smiling. "Thank you, Sabrina. We appreciate it."

"Anytime," you say. "So, anything else?"

Masami and Hiroko shake their heads. "No, that's everything, I think," Masami says, starting towards the stairs.

You stride over to the edge of the roof, wings forming behind you in billowing wisps. "Alright. Take care, you two, and see you around, then," you call.

"Yeah," Masami says, raising one hand in a careless wave.

"Bye, Sabrina!" Hiroko calls.

You leap, wings snapping out to their fullest extent. You soar upwards banking around to spot two figures still on the roof, if receding rapidly. Hiroko raises her hand to wave at you, and as you wave back, the couple turn to head back down the stairs.

Well.

A good deed done, you think. Perhaps more than one.

You glance at your phone, fumbling it out of your pocket. One forty-five. You...

Hm. Kyouko, you think?

No, bestbuddy first.

"*Kirika?*" you reach out telepathically.

"*Heya,*" Kirika responds, voice subdued.

"*Hey. You OK?*" you ask, voice quiet and worried as you bank over Mitakihara, rising on an updraft.

"*Yeah,*" she says. "*I'm keeping Oriko's Soul Gem clean, don't worry. My own, too.*"

"*Ah,*" you say. "*That's not really what I'm asking, though.*"

Silence for a moment. "*I'm OK,*" Kirika says, sounding listless. "*It's just hard, seeing her like this. It's almost like she's d-dead.*"

You sigh, letting the thunder of your wingbeats and the flapping of your coat fill the air for a moment. "*Yeah. I'm sorry, Kirika,*" you say.

"*Not 'xactly your fault,*" Kirika says.

"*Still,*" you say. "*I'll come by as soon as I can, OK?*"

"*Yeah,*" Kirika responds.

"*Alright. See you and Oriko soon,*" you, banking east, past the central business district.

"*See you,*" Kirika responds, closing the connection.

You sigh again.

Damn it.

You ruminate on it for a few minutes before sighing. Nothing for it, really - you simply have too much to *do* today, and you *need* to have Mami there, and then there's dinner plans... You'll talk to her in a moment about that. Kyouko first.

"*Kyouko?*" You reach out again, this time to the redhead.

She doesn't respond immediately. "*Yeah?*"

"*Hi, Sabrina here,*" you say. "*D'you mind if I drop by? There's a few things I'd like to ask you about.*"

"*Yeah? Whatcha got in mind?*" Kyouko challenges, voice belligerent.

**\[] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

-\[x] Chat with Mami on the way if so. Ask her about our plans for today after school. Gently bring up Oriko if necessary.

\=====​

What *do* you have in mind? And what, specifically, do you want to talk to Mami about?
