# This mortal coil pt. 13

You briefly debate asking Kyouko about gold, and possible bribing thereof to persuade her to come over to Mitakihara. Probably not the best idea, really. And besides, gold is for bling. And possibly jewellry. Like rings.

... heh. Rings. One Ring to rule them all, One ring to find them... then again, your powers being what they are, that *could* apply to your Soul Gem ring. Hm.

"*Eh, I kind of just want to drop in for a chat, if that's OK?*" you respond instead. Something occurs to you just as the words leave your mind, and you hastily amend it with a quick, "*A short chat, I have to say. I'll have to run again shortly.*"

School's out soon, and you *have* to be there.

"*Yeah, sure,*" Kyouko says grudgingly. "*You're bringing cleanses, yeah?*"

"*Mmmm,*" you say, heeling over and cutting across the city directly for Kasamino. "*It's not like I can leave my powers at home.*"

"*Yeah, yeah,*" Kyouko grumbles. "*So since I've *agreed* will y' stop dodging the question?*"

"*Can't I go over just because I want to talk?*" you protest, wings thundering in huge booms behind you as you milk them for all the speed you can.

"*Given as it's *you*, maybe, but...*" The irritated, somehow *pointed* silence perfectly conveys that fist planted on a hip and eyebrow raised in challenge.

You snort. "*Fine, fine,*" you say. "*Look, I kind of do want to just hang out a bit, but there *is* something I was wondering... would you interested in a possible job?*"

"*I ain't exactly the kinda girl people just *hang out* with,*" Kyouko grumbles. "*What kinda job?*"

"*Don't be ridiculous, you *are* the kind of girl people hang out with,*" you retort. Be the speedy Sabrina, you tell yourself as you tear your way towards Kasamino. Best to make use of every moment. "*I'm heading over to do just that, aren't I?*"

"*Yeah, yeah, whatever,*" she says. "*You don't count. Now, what job?*"

"*Well, it'd be for sparring with a new magical girl. I'm not exactly the best candidate, myself, and you're *good* with that spear of yours,*" you say. "*Just to show her the ropes and stuff.*"

"*Yeah, yeah, enough with the flattery,*" she grumbles. "*So, kicking around a newbie?*"

"*Mmmm,*" you agree. "*I can pay with Grief Seeds later, even.*"

You can hear the scowl in her voice when she responds. "*If I say no?*"

"*I'm still coming over to hang out,*" you say.

"*Not what I fucking meant,*" she responds tartly.

"*I'll try and teach her myself,*" you respond with a shrug. Even though you're kind of running yourself ragged, now. You really kind of wish you could be in more than one place at once.

Which *may* be a possible use for your Familiars, now that you think about it, but then again - you have a feeling that any Familiar you make will either be weird beyond words, or possibly run off to hug Mami. And quite possibly both.

... and possibly try to persuade her to put on pants, too, while they're at it.

Tsk.

Well.

"*Friend of yours?*" Kyouko asks.

No point denying it, is there? "*Yeah. The two of you should get along like a house on fire,*" you say. People screaming and running in every direction, and no survivors left behind.

Kyouko sighs. "*Whatever,*" she says. "*How long 'til you get here?*"

"*Minutes. Maybe fifteen?*" you reply.

"*Right. See you when you get here. We'll be at the same park,*" she says, and cuts the connection.

... well, you *were* going to ask her about Yuma, but this gives you time to talk to Mami and Kirika, you guess. Mami first, you think.

"*Mami?*"

"*Ah, Sabrina?*" Mami responds promptly. "*Is something wrong?*"

"*Nah,*" you say. "*I just wanted to talk. How are you?*"

"*Ah... Well, I'm still in class,*" she says. You can tell she's smiling, though. "*Nothing much happened so far, apart from Ayako going to the nurse's office. But I'm glad to hear from you! How are you?*"

"*Doing well,*" you say, smiling. It's *nice* to hear Mami cheerful. "*Looking forward to training Sayaka?*"

"*Ah, more looking forward to spending time with you,*" she says. "*And everyone else, of course!*"

"*Yep! I'm looking forward to it too,*" you say, feeling a faint pang of guilt. You *might* have to skip on dinner... You're not sure, really. Maybe. "*Though... we're going to have to help Oriko, too.*"

"*Ah, yes,*" Mami says, her tone darkening a little. "*When do you think would be good?*"

"*As soon as we can make it, I think?*" you say. "*I did tell Kirika I'd be back as soon as I could.*"

"*Alright,*" Mami says. "*Then... when you want to, Sabrina.*"

"*I... thank you, Mami,*" you say softly. "*Thank you.*"

A few moments pass in silence, until you finally break it. "*Ah... In happier news, I went to talk to Masami!*"

"*Oh? How is she?*" Mami asks, seizing on the topic.

"*Ah, she's doing quite well, really,*" you say. "*She's a lot happier now, and... she and her girlfriend have agreed to look after Ono! So that's quite a weight off *my* mind, at least.*"

"*That's great, Sabrina!*" Mami says, voice warm. She pauses, and you get the impression that she just blinked in surprise. "*Masami has a girlfriend?*"

"*Oh, yeah,*" you say. "*Wakahisa Hiroko, illusionist. She's a sweet girl, I guess?*"

"*Ah, good,*" Mami responds. "*Is she treating Masami right?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*She stuck with Masami even through, you know\... her getting hurt.*"

"*That's great,*" Mami says, sounding faintly wistful. "*That's... good.*"

"*Mmm,*" you say, winging past the rising plumes of flue gas from the power plants - they're practically a landmark for you now, every time you head over to this part of the city. "*She's fine.*"

"*I know,*" Mami says. "*And... I'm fine too, Sabrina. You're here.*"

"*Yeah. Yeah, I am,*" you murmur.

"*Thank *you*, Sabrina,*" she whispers quietly. "*Thank you so much.*"

"*Of course,*" you say softly. "*I care about you, Mami.*"

"*And that's-*" Mami trails off. "*That's everything, Sabrina.*"

"*Mmm,*" you say.

You lapse into silence for a moment. The river's coming up ahead of you, glittering silver in the afternoon sun. Hm. It occurs to you that you don't actually know what that river's *called*. It's just 'the river'.

You're just about to broach the subject of the picnic when Mami speaks up. "*What do you think we should train Sayaka on?*"

"*Hmm...*" you say, considering the question. "*I'm actually not very sure. I was planning on deferring to you, Mami. I suppose we could see what powers she has, first?/*" Hm. It occurs to you that you should talk to Kirika, too.

"*Ah, alright!*" Mami says. "*Yes, I think we'll let her show us what she can do first, though... I'm thinking we'll want to train her on her weapon, almost certainly.*"

"*That makes sense,*" you agree, smiling. "*Say, Mami, what do you think we should do for the picnic?*" Simultaneously, you reach out to Kirika. "*Hey, Kirika.*"

"*We're baking a cake, right?*" Mami asks, voice brightening. "*Ah, I was thinking of a vanilla cake? With cream? I haven't made that for a while.*"

"*Hey, Sabrina,*" Kirika says, voice listless.

"*Whatcha doing, Kirika?*" you ask the black haired girl. The river rolls past beneath you, heavy, thudnering wingbeats propelling you at breakneck speeds. To Mami, you respond with, "*Oh, just plain vanilla?*"

"*It's not *just* vanilla,*" Mami says reprovingly. "*I mean, I don't use the cheap chemical vanilla 'extract'.*"

"*Nothing much,*" she says. "*Shitposting on 2chan.*"

"*I didn't mean that you would, Mami,*" you say contritely, even as you blink in faint surprise at Kirika's response. "*Shitposting?*"

"*Yeah,*" Kirika says. "*Pulled my laptop over.*"

"*Good!*" Mami says, a teasing smile in her voice. "*Vanilla cake, then. We'll need to go shopping; I think we're out of cream.*"

"*Yeah, we are,*" you agree. "*Low on butter, too.*" To Kirika, you respond, "*... *what* are you shitposting about?*" You're not entirely sure you want to know the answer, but still.

"*Nothing much,*" Kirika says glumly.

"*Mmm,*" Mami agrees. "*We can do that tomorrow, maybe?*"

"*Sounds good!*" you say. You're closing on the park now, so... "*Anyway, Mami, I should let you get back to your classes - I'll see you after school, OK?*" You take a deep breath, and turn your attention to Kirika. "*Hey, Kirika, I need to go now, so, see you soon, OK?*"

"*Yeah,*" Kirika says. "*See you soon.*"

"*You weren't disturbing me,*" Mami says. "*But... yes. See you after school, Sabrina.*"

You smile to yourself. "*See you, Mami,*" you say. To Kirika, you respond, "*Yeah. Soon.*"

You can see the park just ahead. From the sky, you can see a pair of figures - one taller and redheaded, the other short and green haired. Both of them are sitting on a bench by a small pond.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Whooo. And if anyone's wondering - I've just been dealing with way too much work, and exams coming up. \*sarcastic confetti\*
