# This mortal coil pt. 14

"*I see you!*" a piping, youthful voice echoes inside your head. The smaller, green haired figure raises a hand, waving enthusiastically at you.

"*Hi, Yuma, hi, Kyouko!*" you call back, waving back at Yuma, dipping a wing at her.

Kyouko responds with a lazy, muttered, "*Yo.*"

"*Is the park empty?*" you ask, cautiously scanning said park from above with your own eyes as you wing towards it.

"*Middle of the day,*" Kyouko drawls in response. "*Yeah, 'sclear.*"

"*Cool.*" You flare your wings, adjusting your speed and angling back so that you're descending feet first towards the park.

You snap your wings shut, and you plummet.

The wind whistles through your hair and snatches at your coat, and you flare your wings wide for just a moment before you land, dropping those last two meters to the grass just a few steps away from the pond.

"Sabrina!" Yuma calls, jumping off the park bench with a beaming grin on her face. She's filled up some, you notice - it might have been just a few days, but she looks healthier, less emaciated, than she had when you first met her. And she's wearing new clothes - practical, durable looking jeans and a pink hoody with fuzzy bobbles on the drawstrings.

"Yo," Kyouko says again, waving lazily. She's dressed, as always, in that ratty green hoody of hers and short pants, lounging on the bench. "Say, those wings a' yours are Grief, yeah?"

You shrug, said wings rippling with the motion. "Well, yeah. Hi, Yuma, hi, Kyouko!"

Kyouko chews on the stick of pocky dangling from the corner of her mouth for a moment. "Mh. 'splains why they're so god-awful creepy," she grunts, stretching and hooking her arms over the back of the bench.

"Big Sis, don't be tsundere," Yuma says, wandering back to the bench and plopping down next to Kyouko.

The redhead gives you a baleful glare, jabbing a thumb at Yuma. "This is *your* fault," she grumbles. "She won't shut up 'bout it now."

You snort. "If the shoe fits..."

"Fuck you," Kyouko retorts.

"Hah. You sound *just* like Sakura," you observe, smirking as you hunt for somewhere to sit down yourself. It's a pleasantly green area, soft grass and smooth pebbles lining the side of the pond, a small path winding by the waterside. Absently, you tuck your wings away, the fabric wicking away and imploding into marbles.

Kyouko rolls her eyes. "Whatever. What're you here for?"

You give up trying to find anything to sit on - they're taking up the only bench in the area, so you make a small, hovering platform of Grief and sit on *that* instead. "Like I said, just hanging out. I've only got half an hour or so here, but... here I am. Oh, and, uh, before I forget, can I say something?"

She jerks her head at you in a kind of 'go on' gesture.

"About my friend, the one whom I asked if you could spar with?" you say, rubbing at your nose sheepishly. "Well, uh, if you *do* agree to teaching her, do me a favour and, uh, *don't* mention getting on like a house on fire?"

"What, did her house *actua-*"

You're already nodding.

"... really?" she asks.

You nod again.

Kyouko eyes you, finishing her pocky with a few noisy crunches and producing a small bag of taiyaki from somewhere in her jacket pockets, which she shares with Yuma. She grimaces, and offers you the bag. "Want one?"

"Sure, thanks," you say, taking one of the fish shaped pastries. She's just going to pretend that never happened, then? "So anyway. How've you been? Do you need cleanses?" You sense one half filled Grief Seed... with Kyouko.

*Jane*. The one you gave her, the last time you came here. And neither of their Soul Gems are quite fresh.

Kyouko folds her arms. "Y' know the answer, don't you?" she asks, cocking a challenging eyebrow.

You sigh. "I'm trying to help," you say, raising an eyebrow right back.

Yuma's gaze darts from you to Kyouko, suddenly nervous.

Kyouko's lips press into a flat line. "Hunting's awful recently," she grunts.

"How bad is bad?" you ask.

"Haven't seen any Witches since you last showed up," she grumbles. "Not a single one."

"... Ah," you say. "That's... ah."

"Yes, '*ah*'," Kyouko says, lounging back against the bench with deceptive casualness. Her crimson eyes narrow at you.

You click your tongue, considering how Mitakihara seems to have at *least* one Witch every day. Then again, you're reasonably sure you remember something about Mitakihara having such a high Witch density because of the oncoming Walpurgisnacht.

"Well," you say in lieu of a proper answer. "Cleanse?" You raise one hand towards them.

Kyouko grunts, digging in her pocket of her hoody and producing Jane's Grief Seed. She manifests her Soul Gem in her other hand. "Yuma?"

Yuma follows suit, cupping her hands to present her Soul Gem to you and a shy smile peeking up at you through her thick bangs. "Thank you," she says.

"No problem," you respond, crooking a finger. The familiar miasma of Grief billows into the air, thick and cloying and painful to the eye. "There you are," you offer, cleansing your own Gem as well.

Kyouko relaxes, almost imperceptibly. "Thanks," she says grudgingly, inspecting her Soul Gem. The Grief Seed disappears back into her pocket.

"So... can I buy you guys lunch?" you ask.

"Don'tcha have to go pretty soon?" Kyouko asks.

You shrug. "I can get us all in, and then leave when I need to go?" you say.

"Yeah, sure," Kyouko mutters. "What'd'ya want from me this time, 'nyway? 'part from the sparring thing? That's not a yes, by the way."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Blah. Studying for exams.
