# This mortal coil pt. 15

"I wanted to show you a project I've been working on, actually," you say, detransforming in a prismatic burst of light. You roll your shoulders, enjoying to cool air in the park, and you take a bite of your taiyaki. "Walk and talk? Time's wasting, and all."

Kyouko grunts, and hops to her feet, snacking on... you're pretty sure that's her *third* taiyaki. You're not even through your first! She offers Yuma a hand, which the younger girl takes. "So talk," Kyouko says, waving in the general direction of where you know that buffet place is.

"Mmmm," you hum, rooting about in your pocket with your free hand to pull out Hildegarde, glassy and clear as it always is. "Here." You hand the clear Seed over to Kyouko.

The redhead tucks the last of her pastry into her mouth. "What's this?" she grunts, taking the clear Seed with her now empty hand. She holds it up in front of her, narrowing red eyes at it. "... the fuck?"

"It's a clear Seed," you explain as the three of you leave the park and merge into the sparse foot traffic. "I start with a Grief Seed, and I just keep draining it until I end up with this."

"Soooo... what. It can clean more times?" Kyouko asks.

You can see the wheels turning behind those dusky crimson eyes of hers. For all her abrasiveness, she's *not* stupid. Jaded as hell, but street smart and perceptive. How many times has she caught you out?

"Yeah," you say. "And-"

"Y' want to give me one," she says.

... In fairness, given that you're *you*, that's a perfectly reasonable guess to make.

"Well... yeah," you admit, wind taken out of your sails.

Kyouko grunts, handing the clear Seed back to you. Her hand now freed, she produces a stick of Pocky from somewhere in her jacket and gnaws on that, looking thoughtful. "I'll think about it," she says at last, glancing at you with narrow eyes.

"A few things to note," you say, meeting her eyes without flinching. "One of these Seeds should last... I dunno, maybe a year, maybe more." Her eyes widen a fraction, mouth opening to say something. You shake your head, cutting her off, and raise a finger for emphasis. "*But* there are a few caveats."

"'course there are. Lay 'em on me," Kyouko says, a frown flickering across her face.

"Right. You can't let them touch a normal Grief Seed, otherwise the normal one sucks all the Grief it can out of the clear one," you say. "Had a close call with that - a Seed nearly hatched. The other thing is..." You rub at your nose. "I only became a meguca recently, and I've only tested these for a while? So... I've noticed an oddity in the first one that's been in testing."

"'course," Kyouko mutters, snorting and glancing away. The pocky disappears into her mouth in a few quick crunches, replaced by another. Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Yuma glance up at Kyouko, a little frown on her face.

"Yeah..." you admit as you turn the corner. "I'm still figuring out what's up with the thing, but well, it's been safe so far. It's this way, right?"

Kyouko nods absently, chewing on her pocky. "What else?"

"That's pretty much it," you say with a shrug.

"Hnh," she mutters, pointing out the buffet place. There's not much of a crowd at the moment - not at the current time. "There."

You pay for all three of you, garnering an odd look from the man working the counter, but a waitress shows you to a table without fuss. Kyouko makes a beeline for the buffet line, Yuma staying for a moment to give you a shy smile before scurrying after her adoptive big sister.

You sigh, rolling your shoulders before following them. A plate of salad, you decide - you've already had lunch, after all. Aaaand a bowl of soup. You return to the table, waiting politely for Kyouko and Yuma, who both return with plates piled *high*.

Kyouko plops onto the chair and immediately starts scarfing down her food, as does Yuma. By contrast, you eat a lot more sedately. You're short on time, but not *that* short.

"You two look like you're doing OK," you say. "Beyond the Witch situation, I mean."

"Mmmf," Kyouko mumbles through a mouth full of food.

"Big sis is clever!" Yuma offers between mouthfuls.

"Yeah... you look better," you say, smiling at her.

"W'ssat supposed t' mean?" Kyouko asks with a sharp glare.

You blink slowly. "You *know* what I mean, Kyouko," you say.

The redhead glares back at you, before subsiding and returning to her food.

"*Look, I think I can guess what her situation was like before you took her in,*" you pulse to Kyouko, shooting Yuma a reassuring smile. "*And I can *see* the difference.*"

"*Good f' you,*" Kyouko snaps back at you without looking up from her plate. "*The fuck do you want to make out of it?*"

"*Nothing,*" you respond, working your way through your salad. You're kinda full, really, but no wasting food in front of Kyouko and all that. "*All I'm saying is, you've done good by her.*"

The redhead doesn't respond, demolishing a stack of cold cut beef with quick, vicious little bites.

Yuma glances back and forth between you and Kyouko. "Big sis?"

Kyouko sighs, expression softening. She shakes her head, her massive ponytail waving behind her. She ruffles Yuma's green hair gently. "You're fine," she says.

You sigh, glancing at the clock on the wall.

Kyouko catches the motion and glances at you. "Got to go?"

"Not quite," you say, shaking your head. "But if you want the clear Seed, I *do* need a little time to make it."

Kyouko chews slowly on a mouthful of something, thoughtful eyes never leaving yours.

The silence drags out.

One minute, then two.

"Too good to be true," she says at last.

"Hey, I-" the reflexive protest, defense of your honour, comes naturally, but Kyouko cuts you off.

"Nothing 'gainst you," she snaps. "Fuck, I just about believe you're as goody two shoes as you act. And I reckon your weird Seeds have worked so far. Buuuut I'd rather *not* be a guinea pig and wake up on day addicted to Grief heroin or whatever. So thanks, but no."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

A few more days...
