# This mortal coil pt. 16

For some reason, Kyouko's offhanded comment about Grief heroin puts the image of giant, woobie spiders in your mind. It's a valid enough concern -unfortunate side effects, not the giant spiders- so you have to accept it, you guess.

And hey, progress. You're not forcing her to take it for her own good.

"Alright, fair enough," you say, nodding. "That's your prerogative."

Kyouko gives you a suspicious glare, her jaw working as she chews through another mouthful of food.

Your lips quirk into a faint smile. "No, really," you say. "I get why you don't want to, I do. Maybe when these things are more tested, then?"

"Maybe," she grunts, and stands abruptly, pushing aside her emptied plate. She promptly makes a beeline back towards the buffet table.

"Alright," you say again, and return to your food, as does Kyouko. You work your way contemplatively through the rest of your salad, taking care to clean your plate thoroughly.

"I think big sis is glad to see you," Yuma confides, peeking up from demolishing a good-sized heap of corn

"... Really?" you ask, giving the green haired girl a smile.

Yuma nods vigorously, blinking huge, blue-green eyes at you. "She was worried."

"What over?" you ask, raising an eyebrow.

"Grief Seeds," Yuma says. "She says that the hunting is really bad here."

"Ah," you say, chewing on your lip and glancing at the time just as Kyouko returns with a fresh plate. That's a little worrying. But it's something you *can* help with.

"Got to go?" she asks.

You sigh. "Pretty much," you admit. "Kind of ran out of time today."

"Out of time for *what*?" Kyouko grunts, crunching through sticks of celery.

"Just talking," you say. "I... there *is* something important I need to talk to you about soon; tomorrow possibly if that's alright."

"Sure, make an appointment with my secretary and I'll see if I can slot you in," Kyouko drawls, rolling her eyes.

You shake your head. "Point taken."

Yuma perks up, smiling at you. She coughs, clearing her throat, and adopts a solemn, serious expression. "Would you like to make an appointment to meet Miss Sakura tomorrow? I think we could slot you in at any time during the lunch slot." Her cheerful, bright expression rather ruins the effect, though.

You laugh. "I'll have to get back to you on the exact when, Yuma," you say, pushing aside your empty plate. "But yes, quite possibly tomorrow."

"If I didn't know any better, I'd ask you what it was you wanted to talk to me about," Kyouko observes. "'course, that'd defeat the point, wouldn't it."

"It's really that I ran out of time," you say, rubbing at your forehead as you stand. "Just... tight schedule. You'll get back to me on the sparring thing?"

Kyouko glances at you, jaw busily chewing. She swallows the mouthful, and nods.

"Anyway... I'll see you around, OK?" you say.

"Mmmf," Kyouko grumbles.

"See you!" Yuma says, voice bright and cheery.

You smile at them one last time, and head out through the door - you'd already paid.

The bright afternoon light and heat of the urban sprawl smacks you in the face as you step outside, and you take a deep breath, hopping on your feet as you roll your shoulders lightly. That went well.

You exhale, smiling, and step down an alley, bounding smoothly up to the roof in a few powerful hops to join the masses of Grief already waiting for you there. You're getting better at this - you hardly ever shatter the walls or the floor now.

You glance towards the river, glittering under the sunlight, and you remember that time you once leapt all the way across it. You grin to yourself. No real time to do it now, but... well, that had been fun. You snort, wings starting to billow from your shoulders, deep, tenebrous purple swathes cut from the sky.

You leap, powerful strokes lofting you into the sky to wing back towards Mitakihara. The river fairly glows beneath you in the afternoon sun, sparkling waves.

You smile, and wing onwards, heading towards the school to meet your friends.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Freeeeeeeeedom!
