# This mortal coil pt. 17

Your mind fills with a back and forth debate of whether you should try out something with your powers. *Maybe* it would work, maybe it wouldn't...

Hm.

The fact that you seem to loose track of time when you make something with your Grief powers is kiiind of a concern, though. Especially if you might plummet out of the sky while doing it.

... Nah, it's not like you loose control of the huge bunch of Grief that you now have perpetually following you now, anyway. Crashing into something might be a concern, though.

Then again... when you *fail* to make something, you realise it immediately. You don't lose any time - rather, you gain a headache. Which... is probably an acceptable tradeoff?

Hrrrm. In the end... you'll give it a shot, you think. Just a small test. You'll try and make a book that contains something you don't know.

You flare your wings wide, pumping hard to gain height.

Best to warn Mami, too. "*Hey, Mami?*" you pulse to her.

"*Ah, Sabrina? School's nearly over, I'll be there soon,*" she responds, sounding a little surprise.

"*Yup, so will I!*" you say. "*I'm flying over right now, actually. But anyway - I'm trying out something right now, I might go unresponsive for a bit, OK? But I'll be fine.*"

"*Ah...*" Mami says, concern creeping into her voice. "*Um... be careful, Sabrina.*"

"*Yeah,*" you say, nodding to yourself. "*I will.*"

"*Alright,*" Mami says. "*I- I'll see you after school?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say firmly. "*You will.*"

"*Alright,*" she says again.

High enough. You lock your wings into a glide that, worse comes to worst, will land you somewhere in the industrial district. You think.

You take a deep breath, summoning a blob of Grief to your hands, and you focus on it. This shouldn't be too hard... You want to know something you don't already. You *push,* pouring your *will* into the blob of Grief, and-

You have something.

There's a paperback book, thin and new and crisp, held in your hands and there's *something right in front of you-*

You snap into a roll. You *barely* miss- your wings nearly clip the side of the steel structure.

Climb, climb, *climb!* And *left* to avoid that tower, and tuck your wing *in* to avoid cleaving through a steel strut, and veer left again and then up and *over* that concrete batching plant-

A few frantic, panicky moments later, you're flying straight and true again, the book dangling from one hand. You exhale a sigh of relief as you coast through the clear skies, angling towards Mitakihara Middle School.

It's a plain looking thing, a cheerful pastel blue, with a plain, unmarked cover. You didn't have anything in particular in mind when you made it, so... You have no idea what to expect, really.

You open it.

... Numbers, tables, terse annotations for weight and consistency and proportions of sand and cement and aggregate and pozzolans and fly ash and water aaaaand you're pretty sure that these are concrete mixing specifications.

... Huh.

You weren't really expecting that to work.

Well then.

You shake your head, incidentally brushing the hair out of your eyes with your free hand. That's a thing. You page idly through the book, though hmm... you don't have much more flight time. You should probably check in with Kirika before you land.

"*Hey, Kirika,*" you pulse out towards the black haired girl, leafing through page after page of concrete specifications and curing times and myriad details. "*How's the anons biting?*"

"*Eh,*" Kirika responds, voice listless. "*S'going. Hi, Sabrina.*"

"*Heya,*" you say, still speeding back towards Mitakihara Middle School. "*How're you doing?*"

"*Eh,*" she says, and you get the distinct impression of a shrug.

You sigh, wincing. You wish you could do more for her, but there's just so many things demanding your attention. "*Hey, Kirika. I'll be there soon, OK?*"

"*I know,*" she says."*I know. Just... hurry, please?*"

"*I will, Kirika,*" you say, still paging through that book. Did you *really* get a book full of concrete specifications? "*I'll come as soon as I can.*"

"*OK,*" she says. "*Today, right?*"

"*Yeah,*" you agree. "*Today.*"

"*OK,*" she sighs. "*See you soon.*"

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*Soon.*"

You end the call, exhaling. Damn it. Too many things.

Tsk.

You fly onwards, thundering wingbeats driving you towards school. Absently, you dismiss the book.

More important... Or more immediate concerns, now. Or not even *concerns*, really - your friends. You smile to yourself as you coast to a landing atop a nearby building, wings folding and dissolving.

You drop neatly into a nearby alleyway and stroll out into the street, wandering over to the school. You lean against the gate, raising an eyebrow at the truant officer standing there. The severe looking woman frowns at you, but seems reluctant to accost you.

The schoolbell rings a few moments later, and chatter explodes from the halls. You can hear the scrape of chairs and the rumble of hundreds of feet in the corridors, and a bare minute later, Mami emerges from the front door, her warm golden eyes scanning around for you.

You wave, pushing off the gate and waving at her.

Mami smiles, and crosses the distance with a few swift steps.

"Hi, Mami!" you call.

"Hi, Sabrina," she says as she approaches, smiling. "How are you? Did the thing you were working on, um, work?"

"It worked, kind of," you say, returning the smile. "I tried to make a book from Grief."

"Oh?" she asks. Over her shoulder, you can see the rest of your friends emerging from the main doors.

"Yeah... I tried to make a book containing information I don't know," you say. "I uh. Well, I got a book full of concrete batching specifications."

Mami blinks. "... um."

"Yeaaaah," you say, rubbing at your nose. "It's a success, I guess."

"Hey, Sabrina!" Sayaka calls, waving energetically at you, two school bags slung over her shoulder. Hitomi walks at her side, looking exasperated, and Madoka just a step behind. Homura brings up the rear of the group.

"Hey," you call, waving back at your friends. They chorus greetings, and you smile around at everyone.

"So... how d'you guys want to do things today?" you ask, beaming at them and waving down the path. Walk and talk.

"I thought we were going to the hospital?" Sayaka asks, turning to follow.

"Hmm?" Hitomi glances at her. "I thought it was training first?" She smiles faintly. "I must admit, I'm quite curious to see what it's like."

"Eh?" Sayaka asks, blinking.

"In fairness, we haven't really decided," you offer. "But I was going to suggest that, actually. Train a bit first, and we can teach you how to heal, then you can heal Kyousuke?"

Sayaka blinks. "Oh! That sounds like a good idea," she says, brightening. "C'mon, then!" She starts down the street, ranging out ahead of you.

"Ah... where are we going?" Madoka asks.

Sayaka blinks, stopping in her tracks. "Well, uh..."

You shake your head, snickering at Sayaka. Mami, walking at your side, covers her giggles with a hand. You glance back at Madoka, smiling. "Madoka, are you coming?"

"Ah... yes?" she asks, tilting her head in confusion. Beside her, you can see a frown flicker across Homura's face.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x]Ask them how they want to handle things. Suggest that we could do some training for a while, then Sayaka could keep healing Kyosuke for a bit after we show her how it works? We might need to skip dinner today, unfortunately...
  - [x]If Madoka wants to come, ask Mami if it'd be okay for us to talk to Madoka for a while later, after we've gotten somewhere with Sayaka's training.
    - [x]Ask Mami what she thinks would be best.
      - [x]Telepathy Madoka. Ask her if we could talk for a while at some point during Sayaka's training.
- [x]Blueberry training! Ask about clear spaces near the hospital, maybe?
- [x]Ask if Hitomi wants to come. Maybe we could meet up with her at the hospital afterwards?

---​

... Apparently I'm an idiot and didn't count the votes correctly. I blame sleepiness. But for once, I'll exert a little GM executive power.
