# This mortal coil pt. 18

"Eh, no, that's fine," you say, smiling reassuringly at Madoka as you all pull into a loose circle, waiting for a decision on where to go. "I wanted to talk to you later, actually." At the same time, you glance aside, meeting Homura's amethyst eyes, and open a telepathic channel. "*Homura? Are you OK with this?*"

"Ah, me? What about?" Madoka asks, blinking at you in surprise.

Homura's standing beside her, and you can see her nostrils flare a tiny fraction of a centimetre. "*I don't like it,*" the time traveller responds.

"Eh... nothing that can't wait," you say, still smiling at her. To Homura you respond, "*I... I know, Homura, but cutting her out won't help.*"

"*So you've said,*" she agrees.

"So where are we going?" Sayaka asks, grin firmly affixed on her face.

"Well actually... Mami? What do you think?" You give her a warm smile. "I normally go to this one abandoned warehouse in the industrial district, but it's a little bit far if we're not flying or at least roofhopping." Mentally, you plead with Homura. "*I really do think this would be for the best, Homura.*"

"Hmm," Mami rubs her nose, returning your smile. "I usually go to the junkyard underneath an expressway when I need to practice something new. We've been there before? But it's not that nearby, either."

Homura blinks slowly, sending you a telepathic impresison of a sigh. "*Fine.*"

Some of the tension leaches from your shoulders. "*Thanks, Homura,*" you say to her. Simultaneously, you tilt your head in Sayaka's direction with a smirk."Well... I was thinking somewhere near the hospital would be good?"

"Oh," Mami says, an answering smirk on her face. She thinks about it for a moment and nods decisively. "The junkyard under the flyover, then. It's the nearer to the hospital than the industrial district. This way." She waves down the street.

"Alright!" Sayaka jabs a finger in the air and starts off in the indicated direction. Hitomi trails along, giving her bag, still firmly over Sayaka's shoulder, a somewhat exasperated look.

"Well actually..." you say, catching up to Sayaka. "Have you girls ever wanted to fly?" You beam around at your friends.

"... yes?" Hitomi ventures.

Madoka nods enthusiastically. "Yes! I always wanted to visit other countries. Like Paris!"

"Uh, nooo, I meant... just flying around," you say, blinking. Mami gives you a fond smile, cottoning on to what you're planning.

"Ohh, like Superman?" Sayaka asks, glancing at you. "*Yes,* I've always wanted to."

You chuckle. Should have guessed. "Well... it's not *quite* Superman flight, but..."

"*Yes,*" Sayaka says fervently, stopping and turning to you with shining eyes.

Hitomi looks at you, seeming interested. "Oh?"

"So how about it?" you ask, looking around. Homura's expression is blank as she stares at you. Mami, on the other hand, gives you a warm smile, which you return.

"That sounds fun!" Madoka says, clapping her hands.

"Hitomi?" you ask.

She nods decisively. "I would like to try."

"Alrighty!" you say. "This way, then!" You lead them all down a secluded side road, checking around for onlookers. No one to be seen, so... you transform and hold your hand up, calling Grief to you - a fairly substantial quantity of it.

With a grand, sweeping gesture, you spread it into a wide carpet, large enough to seat everyone comfortably.

"Hop on!" you say, following suit with a smile. Without hesitation, Mami climbs on right beside you. Homura steps up too, hesitating for a moment before offering Madoka a hand. The pinkette accepts with a smile, climbing on.

Sayaka eyes the carpet for a moment before dropping the two schoolbags off with a relieved sigh. "Cool," she says, squinting at the carpet. "So this can fly?"

"Well, it already is," you point out - it's half a metre off the floor.

Sayaka laughs sheepishly, and climbs on.

Hitomi's the last to step up, giving the deep purple material a dubious look, testing the give with one foot before trusting her weight to it. You can't quite blame her, you suppose.

"Alright!" you say, grinning. "Meguca Airlines flight SA-004, taxiing for takeoff from, uh, random alleyway Mitakihara City."

"I still think it's 'Sabrina Airlines'," Mami says, shuffling a little closer to you and leaning her head against your shoulder.

"Meh," you say, raising the carpet straight up the alleyway, careful not to clip anything.

Sayaka leans over the edge to peek at the receding ground. "That is *so* cool," she says.

"Sayaka, be careful..." Madoka says, looking torn between restraining Sayaka or joining her.

"Meh," the bluenette says.

"All body parts inside the vehicle, please," you say, grinning back at the others. Sayaka harumphs, but complies, unable to hide her grin, while Madoka gives you a grateful smile. Hitomi looks like she's barely restraining an excited squeal. Homura, sitting beside Madoka, gives you an inscrutable look.

"And here we *go,*" you say as you pass rooftop level. You ease the carpet forward, slowly at first, but with smooth acceleration.

Sayaka whoops with joy. "Faster!" Madoka squeals in delight.

You oblige, accelerating until the wind's whipping at your hair, Mami's ringlets bobbing and Homura's hair streaming out like a mesmerizing black banner.

You tear your eyes and your thoughts away. Hm. It occurs to you that Kirika said that Oriko's Soul Gem was *still* accumulating Grief - despite her being disconnected. Which is *terribly* odd, to say the least.You reach out telepathically for the black haired girl. "*Kirika?*"

"*Hm?*" she responds. "*Hey, Sabrina.*"

"*Hey, just confirm something for me - Oriko's still accumulating Grief?*" you ask.

"*Mmm,*" Kirika says in agreement.

Interesting. "*OK. Kirika, can I ask you to start practising something?*" you ask. "*You know your antimagic? Try to trade range for duration, or try to make it a passive effect.*

"*Hmm?*" she asks, a little more animation in her voice. "*Do you think it will help? Oriko said it didn't.*"

"*It's worth a shot,*" you urge. "*I suppose I could offer advice if you want, but I think the biggest one is to go with your gut feeling. Any progress is good. Or maybe a way to cut off a meguca from her magic entirely?*"

"*Yeah... Guess I can try that,*" Kirika agrees.

"*Alright. I'll be there as soon as I can, OK?*" you say. By your side, Mami cuddles a little closer against you, nestling into your side.

"*Yeah. See you,*" she says.

"*See you,*" you respond.

The flight passes all too quickly, Mami directing you towards the junkyard, and you coast in for a smooth landing. "Ladies and gentl-" you cough. "- welcome to little junkyard under the flyover, Mitakihara city. For your safety and comfort, please remain seated with your seatbelts on- oh forget it." You snort, and hop off the front of the carpet, now hovering half a meter off the sandy floor of the junkyard.

"Well, here we are," you say, spinning to face the rest of your friends, longcoat flaring out around you.

"It's a junkyard," Hitomi says, looking around at the rusting heaps of metal with a wrinkled nose.

Mami nods, smiling as she hops off the carpet to join you. "It's where I come to practice. People can't see us here from the main road, and it's abandoned."

Sayaka steps off, shoes crunching on the sand. "How do we do this?" she asks, bouncing eagerly. Behind her, Madoka and Homura dismount from the carpet, Homura stalking off to the side and the pinkette following.

You smile. "Mami?"

"Me?" Mami blinks in surprise.

"You," you say, beaming at her. "All yours."

A smile spread across her face as understanding dawns. "Ah," she says. "If you're sure?"

"There's no one I'd trust more," you say simply, spreading your arms.

Mami nods, back straightening a little. She smiles at you, before turning to Sayaka. "Alright. Sayaka, do you know what your power is?" she asks.

"Ah, no?" she says.

"That's out first goal, then," Mami says. "Transform, please? Madoka, Hitomi, please stand back?"

Sayaka grins, forming her Soul Gem on her hand and holding it up. "Transform!" she calls.

...

Nothing happens.

Madoka giggles in the resounding silence. Hitomi's facade cracks, and she muffles a giggle behind a hand.

Sayaka pouts.

"... no, not like that," Mami says. "Just... focus, Sayaka, you should already know how to transform."

Sayaka nods vigorously, frowning in concentration. A heartbeat later, she erupts in a blaze of light, sapphire blue and *clean*.

When the light fades, Sayaka's in her magical girl costume. *Her* costume, white and blue and accented in blue, with that diagonal cut skirt and flowing white cloak. Her Soul Gem, a blue C, rides in its place on her torso, in the parting of her shirt, and a golden fortissimo shaped hairpin in her hair.

You grin. "Nice costume," you say, wandering over to the side of the junkyard and dragging a barrel over.

Madoka claps in delight, happy smile on her face, as does Hitomi.

Sayaka blinks slowly, as if dazed, before shaking her head and grinning back at you. She looks down at her self, patting her costume. "This is *so cool*," she breathes.

Mami smiles. "Congratulations, Sayaka!" she says. "Do you know what your power is?" she asks.

Sayaka frowns in concentration. "I... I think so," she says. "Um, Mami-senpai, can you come over here?" She holds out one gloved hand.

Mami tilts her head curiously, walking over to Sayaka and offering her hand. You fold your arms, leaning against a rusting hulk of a car as you watch.

Sayaka grabs Mami's hand, frowning in concentration. Your mind wanders as you watch - you really *should* get some identification for yourself, though you're not sure what you'd put down for a surname. 'Just Sabrina' is one thing, but still... You kind of want a name ending with 'V', though. Or maybe something long and massively complicated.

"OK," Sayaka says, letting out a breath and stepping back. She holds her hands out, palm down, and without any fuss, white coloured ribbons spill from her palms like an endless stream, pooling on the floor.

"Oh!" Mami says. "Power copying?"

Sayaka nods. "I think so!" she says, cutting off the flow of the ribbons. She grins around at all of you, bouncing happily on her feet. "This is *so cool*."

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] When you've got a moment, check up on Madoka. Ask her if there's anything wrong. Listen to her.
\-\[x]If she doesn't complain about anything in particular, bring up the talk you had earlier. Thank her for understanding; meguca life gets really maddening at times, so it's just...fantastic to be able to come back to a friend, or friends (Hitomi?) that'll pull you down to Earth without crashing.
\--\[x]Ask her how we should deal with Blueberry's debt issue.
  - [x] Tell the Blueberry about clear seeds. Warn everyone know you're gonna do some spooky witch magic, and make a clear seed.
\-\[x]Give her the usual warnings.
\-\[X]When you get the chance, ask to talk to Sayaka for a bit away from the others. Call it a training break or something.
\--\[X]I wanted to tell you something, and ask you something. You don't need to say yes. If you don't, it really is no big deal and we just keep going.
\-\[X]We...never told her the full details of what we were doing, did we? Beyond just fighting Witches, as important as that is.
\-\[X]Because of what I told you about earlier, lot of magical girls...Their lives aren't very happy. They're fighting just to stay alive, not just against witches but against each other pointlessly, over grief seeds. Because of Kyubey and what he does. Most of them aren't really bad people, they're just...in a bad situation, desperate, or misguided and don't know better. I want to try and change that. I want to help as many girls as I can, and break this messed-up system for good. Make it so none of them die, or fight needlessly.
\--\[X]And I want to ask for your help with that. One magical girl to another.
\---\[x]But make sure it's what YOU want, yeah?\[/color]
        - [x] You don't owe me anything.
\-----\[x]Hmm. Like... remember how when you and Madoka found me? I was in pretty bad shape. I probably would have been toast if you didn't show up.
\------\[x]So...thank you, both of you. But... that's not why I want to help you.
\-------\[x]I want to help you...because you're my friend. Friends help friends, and that's that. No debts or you-owe-me's.
\--------\[x]I have your back, alright? If you're ever in trouble, or you wanna talk... just let me know. We're all in this together; you, me, Mami, Homura... so don't act like you need to pay us back for anything.
\---\[X]Either way, I'm honored to fight alongside you. I meant what I said earlier, about you making a great magical girl.
  - [x] Make sure to cut training a bit before they want to go to the Hospital; you want to talk with Sayaka, she needs to learn healing, and then you're going somewhere else.

\=====​

Training will continue, along with talking and stuff in the next post - this one got long.
