# This mortal coil pt. 19

You flash Sayaka a grin and a thumbs up. "Yeeeep," you drawl, fighting not to squeal over her powers. She lucked the hell out with them, you figure, and there's *so much* she'd be able to do with it.

You have to fight not to blurt out all the ideas springing to the front of your mind. It's Mami's show, you remind yourself.

... That doesn't stop you from taking a few eager steps forward to inspect the ribbons, though. In the corner of your eye, you can see Madoka looking around for somewhere to sit, as does Hitomi.

Mami smiles. "Then I think we should see what the limits of your copying is," she says. "How long do you think it will last, Sayaka?"

The bluenette frowns, considering. "I don't know," she admits.

"We'll find out," Mami says, nodding. "Can you do this?" She holds a hand out, golden ribbons wrapping into the familiar, filigreed shapes of one of her muskets.

Sayaka watches the musket form, frowning and scratching her head. "Uh..." She holds her hand out, concentrating on it, and an explosion of white ribbons erupts from it, spilling from her upturned palm to flop all over the floor. "No." She rubs sheepishly at her forehead.

"That's alright," Mami says, nodding with a smile. "I expected that. I wasn't able to make the guns at first, either. Can you do anything with the ribbons? Make them move around?"

You glance past Sayaka frowning in concentration, looking at Madoka and Homura and Hitomi. The pinkette and verdette are both rather comfortably perched on top of the hood of a car, a plastic sheet spread over it. Probably courtesy of Homura. The time traveller herself seems to sense your gaze, and violet eyes flick to you.

"Yeah!" Sayaka cheers, the puddle of white ribbons writhing like a pit full of snakes. Or... judging from the way Homura's eyes tighten, a can full of worms.

"*Hey,*" you say to Homura. "*It'll be OK.*"

Homura makes an annoyed sound in response. You glance anxiously at her, and you can feel a small frown crawl across your face.

"Well done, Sayaka!" Mami says, nodding. "How about this?" She gestures with her hand, and a golden ribbons lashes out from her open palm. It smashes into the barrel you'd dragged over earlier. With a resounding crash, it goes tumbling over the coarse send.

Mami curls her hand into a fist, and the ribbon pulls back, coiled around the barrel, and sets it back upright. There's a massive debt in the sheet metal, crumpled and almost torn.

You rub at your nose. That really should surprise you less than it does. It's not like Mami had the muskets from the get go; she *must* have had some way of fighting without them.

"*Homura?*" you say as you watch Sayaka concentrate on her ribbons.

Homura sighs into your mind. "*This won't end well,*" she murmurs.

"*I'll talk to Madoka later,*" you say, quiet urgency in your voice. "*I'll do all I can to talk her out of considering contracting.*"

Sayaka thrusts her hand at the barrel with a cry of effort, ribbons flowing with the motion. The ribbons smash into the barrel, sending it tumbling with a crash - but it's noticeably less forceful.

Hm. Should have expected that, you muse as you clap.

"*And if the worst should happen?*" Homura's eyes flick over to Sayaka, who's crowing over her success.

"*Not with me around,*" you say simply. "*I'll do everything I possibly can to prevent that, too. You know I will.*"

Sayaka fairly *bounces* as she waves her hands, laughing and guiding the ribbons around the junkyard like a surging mass of seafoam.

Homura sighs again. "*I know.*"

"*Is there anything I can do, Homura?*" you ask. "*Anything to help, or anything to make you feel better?*"

"Hey, should I try someone else's power?" Sayaka asks, voice bright and cheery. She grins at you, teeth nearly flashing in the later afternoon sun.

Mami shakes her head. "No, not yet... unless you think you can hold more than one power at a time?" she asks.

Sayaka frowns. "I think... I think I can only hold one at a time," she says. "It feels like it."

"That's probably right, then," Mami says, smiling. "Your first instinct usually is, when it comes to magic. I think we should wait for it to run out first, so that we know how long it takes? It wouldn't do to *not* know and have your powers run out in the middle of a Witch fight, right?"

Sayaka nods thoughtfully. "That makes sense, Mami-senpai!"

Mami beams, first at Sayaka, then you. You laugh, and pull Mami into a quick, sidelong hug. It's *nice* to see her happy.

"What about your weapon, by the way?" you ask, giving Sayaka a curious look, before glancing back to Homura. The black haired girl's still hovering at Madoka's shoulder, eyes darting from her, to you, to Sayaka, and back again.

"Hmmm," Sayaka says. She frowns, reaching under her cloak as if groping for something hidden there, and withdraws...

Hah. A sword. *Her* sword; gently curved steel with a grip long enough for two hands, a boxy hand and trigger guard wrought of golden metal. Sayaka looks down at the sword and grins. "Cool," she says, waving the sword in the air, tip tracing out a figure-of-eight loop.

You grin. "Oh that's *nice*," you say. "Hey, can I take a look at that?"

"Eh? Sure!" Sayaka says, handing you the sword.

Homura's been quiet for a minute. Worryingly so. You glance sidelong at her as you examine the sword closely, finding a trigger inside, well, the trigger guard. Homura watches, her expression and posture studiously neutral in sharp contrast to Madoka and Hitomi's obvious interest and glee.

"*She doesn't have the right mindset,*" Homura says at last, her weight shifting back a little.

"*Yeah... but I *am* going to talk to her about it,*" you say, while pointing out the trigger guard to Sayaka. "Any idea if this does anything?"

"I dunno," Sayaka says, taking the sword back and pointing it at a rusting car. She depresses the trigger with a click.

The hilt bucks in her hand, launching the blade towards the rusting hulk. The steel hammers into the engine hood with a clear chime of metal on metal, embedding itself nearly a handspan deep. "Whoa!" Sayaka exclaims.

"Oh, that will be useful," Mami says with a smile. "That can catch people off guard. Hmmm... Do you still have the ribbon powers?"

Sayaka nods. "Yeah!" she waves a hand, ribbons trailing in a loose semicircle with the motion.

"Alright," Mami says. "I wonder if it will wear out, if it does?"

The bleunette shrugs, bouncing on her toes.

"Hmmm..." Mami considers, tapping a finger to her lips. "Normally I'd tell you more about being a magical girl, hunting Witches and cleansing our Soul Gems with Grief Seeds, but you're already aware of that. I think that we can try to find out how accurate you are, then."

"Yup," Sayaka says, still bouncing energetically. "Sounds good!"

Mami smiles. "Let me set up some targets."

You wander across the small clearing to join Madoka, Homura, and Hitomi by that old car, giving Homura what you hope is a reassuring smile. "*I'll talk to her,*" you murmur to the time traveller. "*I'll do everything I can, OK?*"

Homura sighs.

"Hey, Madoka," you say as you approach.

"Ah?" the pinkette looks up from watching Mami make some targets out of ribbons. "What's happening?"

"Nah, just wondering, how are you?" you ask, leaning against the flaking paint of the old car. Not like your coat will get permanently dirty. "Anything wrong in particular?"

"Ah... not really," she says, smiling at you. She waves at Sayaka, who's now giving a dubious look in the general direction of the targets Mami put up. "Just watching."

"Try and hit the targets, Sayaka!" Mami calls, waving from the furthest one, which is... nearly half a kilometer away, on the top of a building. "Start with the nearest one."

Sayaka's jaw firms, and she raises the sword with both hands firm around the hilt.

"Well," you say, smiling at Madoka. "Then... thank you, Madoka. For understanding."

Madoka blinks at you, looking puzzled for a moment before understanding dawned. "Oh. You're welcome?"

"No, really, Madoka," you say, shaking your head. "It's just fantastic to be able to talk to a friend, or friends-" you smile at Hitomi, who's looking curiously at you, "-that can pull us down to the earth without crashing."

Madoka nods, her smile becoming a little more confident. "You're welcome," she says.

"Anyway, I meant to ask... do you think there's anything we can do about Sayaka's, um, debt issue?" you ask.

Hitomi perks up. "Yes, I would like her to *not* do that," she says, glancing over. "Sayaka's my friend, and she really doesn't owe me anything."

You can feel Homura's eyes on the back of your head as your rub at your nose. "Yeah... I'm worried that she's going to push herself too hard because of it."

Madoka shakes her head. "I... I've already talked to her," she says, a little frown crossing her brow. "She feels indebted to all of you because you helped her." Madoka presses her lips together and gestures at Sayaka, who's managed to hit the *closer* targets, but is currently yelling at the ones that are maybe two hundred meters away.

"I think... I think she became a magical girl partly because of that," Madoka says, voice quiet as she glances from Hitomi, to you, to Homura. "So that she could protect people, and... fight with you."

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X]We...never told her the full details of what we were doing, did we? Beyond just fighting Witches, as important as that is.
\-\[X]Because of what I told you about earlier, lot of magical girls...Their lives aren't very happy. They're fighting just to stay alive, not just against witches but against each other pointlessly, over grief seeds. Because of Kyubey and what he does. Most of them aren't really bad people, they're just...in a bad situation, desperate, or misguided and don't know better. I want to try and change that. I want to help as many girls as I can, and break this messed-up system for good. Make it so none of them die, or fight needlessly.
\--\[X]And I want to ask for your help with that. One magical girl to another.
\---\[x]But make sure it's what YOU want, yeah?\[/color]
        - [x] You don't owe me anything.
\-----\[x]Hmm. Like... remember how when you and Madoka found me? I was in pretty bad shape. I probably would have been toast if you didn't show up.
\------\[x]So...thank you, both of you. But... that's not why I want to help you.
\-------\[x]I want to help you...because you're my friend. Friends help friends, and that's that. No debts or you-owe-me's.
\--------\[x]I have your back, alright? If you're ever in trouble, or you wanna talk... just let me know. We're all in this together; you, me, Mami, Homura... so don't act like you need to pay us back for anything.
\---\[X]Either way, I'm honored to fight alongside you. I meant what I said earlier, about you making a great magical girl.
  - [x] Make sure to cut training a bit before they want to go to the Hospital; you want to talk with Sayaka, she needs to learn healing, and then you're going somewhere else

\=====​

The post that keeps growing!
