# This mortal coil pt. 21

"Sure, that sounds great!" you say, pushing off the car. You give Homura what you hope is a reassuring smile, before walking over to join Mami and Sayaka.

"*We'll talk later, OK?* you whisper into Homura's mind as you stride across the sandy asphalt.

"*Yes,*" she agrees.

"Just melee, no powers?" you ask as you approach Mami and Sayaka. There's a niggling little bit of concern at the back of your mind that Very Bad Things™ might happen if you let Sayaka copy your powers, starting with possibly overloading her brain with information and going up to accidentally revealing that little tidbit about Witches.

You briefly debate adding musical backing to the fight, but that's probably not exactly the right impression.

Mami nods. "Sayaka's not too bad at ranged combat, but she has trouble hitting targets further away," she says, smiling at you. "So I thought we could see how she does in a melee spar."

"Yup, sounds good," you say.

"I still don't think it's reasonable," Sayaka grumbles, scowling. The effect is rather ruined by how Sayaka's *still* bouncing happily on the balls of her feet.

"Mami hit it," you point out, a smirk growing across her face.

"She doesn't count," Sayaka says, waving a finger at you. Mami, by contrast, beams happily at you, walking over to bump her shoulder against yours.

"Anyway, first things first, cleansing for everyone," you say, raising one hand.

"Good idea, Sabrina," Mami says, reaching for her Soul Gem. She presents the flower shaped Gem to you, smiling.

Sayaka fumbles at the Soul Gem on her stomach. "Um- ah," she says, managing to get the little crescent shaped Gem off and presenting it to you.

Homura barely moved, flipping her hand over so that you can see her Soul Gem.

"You know," you comment as you draw the Grief out with a careless little gesture, "I can actually cleanse the Soul Gems without seeing them?" You can't help but notice that Sayaka's up to... at a guess, somewhere around four or five percent on her Soul Gem, and it's *noticeably* trickling upwards even as you siphon away Grief.

Mami smiles warmly at you as she replaces her Soul Gem. "But that would be..." she waves a hand. "Ungracious. When you're doing so much for me- for us."

You huff an amused little laugh, bumping your shoulder against Mami's. "Well, how can I argue with that?" You purse your lips. "By the way, Sayaka, you're still holding Mami's powers, right?"

"Yeah, why?" she asks.

"Can you release them?" you ask.

"Hmmm? Sure?" she asks, frowning for a moment. "There, they're gone."

Her Soul Gem stops filling.

"... hm," you say. "It looks like you have a bit of an upkeep on powers held." Four or five percent with moderate usage in... maybe half an hour, or a little more. You weren't exactly watching the time. That's not too bad, you guess?

"Ah, that makes sense," Mami says, nodding.

"Bah, upkeep," Sayaka says, folding her arms. She's *still* bouncing irrepressibly and completely undeterred.

"Hey. It's important," you say, raising your eyebrows. "Keeping your Soul Gem clean is *important*."

"Sabrina's right," Mami adds, nodding in agreement.

"I know, I know," Sayaka replies, waving a hand. "Just... *magic*. I'm too happy to be annoyed right now. Anyway, spaaaaar?"

Mami nods, smiling. "Ten steps apart, Sabrina, Sayaka?" She backs off, clearing the immediate area.

You comply, smiling as you step back, facing Sayaka. Moving slowly, you 'draw' a warhammer from over your shoulder, the silvery steel flashing into existence under your hand. Sayaka mirrors you, drawing a sword in either hand, grin firmly affixed on her face.

"Go Sayaka! Go, Sabrina!" Madoka cheers from the sidelines.

"When you're ready!" Mami calls.

You tighten your grip on your hammer, raising it into a low guard.

Opposite you, Sayaka raises both her swords, cerulean eyes intent on you.

You breathe, centering yourself.

Sayaka's weight shifts, balancing lightly on her toes.

Your boots scrape on the concrete as you firm your own stance a little. Feet shoulder breadth apart.

A stirring of a breeze sets Sayaka's cape fluttering, your own heavier longcoat still.

...

"You're not going to attack, are you?" you ask.

"Uh," Sayaka says.

Mami giggles.

You sigh - and explode forward. Your hammer flashes, gleaming in the afternoon sun.

"Whoa!" Sayaka squeaks, leaping backwards. The shining silver arc sweeps through the spot she'd occupied not seconds ago.

She lands, and leaps again - *forward*. One sword swings high and the other slashes low.

You bound upwards. Upwards and *over* in a flip, legs scissoring into a vicious kick at Sayaka's head.

She ducks the sweep. One sword reverses direction, cleaving upwards.

Steel clashes against steel with a ringing chime-

-and you *push*, hammer shoving back against Sayaka and you spring away-

-and you land behind Sayaka.

Her cloak swirls around her as she spins to face you, swords snapping up. A fierce, exhilarated grin lights her face up - and she springs, blue motes of light turning her leap from a mere jump into what's nearly a long, arcing flight that's going to terminate where you are.

You sidestep sharply. Your hammer rises in a two handed swing, as if you're wielding a baseball bat and-

-Sayaka's left sword is coming *right at your face*-

-you release the hammer, forming a *new* one in the path of the sword and you catch that a moment after the ringing contact, sparks flying from the impact and *why even sparks metal doesn't work that way*-

-Sayaka's other sword clangs to the ground. She throws her weight against you, both hands on the hilt of her sword.

You strain against her, strength against strength.

And she slips to the side, blade scraping against the hilt of your hammer.

You snatch your fingers away just in time and whirl away, dragging your hammer by the other hand. The head hooks against Sayaka's sword, and there's enough time for her eyes to widen before you send the blade flying with a fluid twist.

Sayaka leaps back, white cape swirling around her.

*Cape*.

You stomp on the edge of the white cloth, trapping it against the concrete.

There's a faint tug, and Sayaka pulls free, the cloak snapping off at her shoulders. Her eyes widen, and she hops back, holding up both gloved hands. "Hey hey hey," she complains. "My *cape?*"

Amused giggles float from the sidelines, Sayaka shooting Madoka a betrayed look.

You shrug, grinning as you lower your hammer. "Hey, if it works... well, it didn't, but at least now we know a Witch can't grab you by the cape, right?"

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka grumbles, her petulant mask unable to hide her bubbling grin. She pats at her shoulders, as if trying to flick away dust, and sweeps her hand straight out. Pristine white cloth swells from her shoulders, billowing out to snap into a new cloak. "Again?"

You check the time. "Sure," you agree, raising your hammer again.

Sayaka grins and forms a fresh sword in her hand, levelling it at you with one hand in what might be a fencer's salute.

... Entirely wrong kind of sword for a *fencer's* salute, though.

You sweep your hammer in a flourishing salute.

Sayaka grins. Her finger tightens.

You have only a moment to react before the sword booms and the blade rockets at you. You smash it aside with a gleaming sweep of your hammer.

Sayaka's right behind it, a fresh sword already swinging for you. A flurry of wild slashes rain down on you, broken and choppy.

You're not terribly *mobile*, you have time to think as you're driven back step by step. Not without your Grief, not like Sayaka or Kyouko.

You plant your feet and knock Sayaka's sword high - and you drive *under* her guard, slamming your elbow into her chest. The breath leaves her in a sharp wheeze.

She rolls backwards, springing to her feet. Blue motes of light blossom around her feet, and she springs straight up into the air. She pushes off another set of rings midair, rocketing down towards you with sword flashing.

This time, she smashes your hastily raised hammer aside. A sword tip flicks menacingly for your face.

You pivot backwards and away, lashing out at her knees with a weak, off balance blow. She flows out of the way with fluid grace, and you only manage to catch her shin. You try to pull her off balance, but she's already set and she has her *sword* to your *neck* and a bright, exuberant look in her eyes.

You huff. "I yield."

Sayaka drops the sword, crowing. "Whoohoooooo!"

Madoka and Hitomi clap enthusiastically from the sidelines, the pinkette jumping to her feet to congratulate Sayaka. Hitomi follows a touch more sedately, while Homura shadows Madoka a step behind.

Mami joins you, smiling warmly at you. "It was nice of you to go easy on her," she murmurs quietly to you.

"I wasn't really," you admit. "Apart from not using my powers. I'm not much in a melee fight."

"How well do you think *I* would do without my muskets?" Mami asks, shaking her head.

"Amazingly," you answer, giving her an amused smile.

Mami huffs, giving you a fond look. "Well..."

"You know you would," you say, smiling back at her.

She rocks her hand from side to side, unable to hide the smile on her face.

You laugh. "Anyway. Sayaka seems to be taking to the training well?" you offer.

"Oh yes," Mami agrees. "I think she will do well." She taps a thoughtful finger to her lips. "She can fight in close and mid range, and I think that's where she will excel. She's versatile, like her powers are."

"Makes sense," you agree. "I'm not the best at melee, but she's... maybe a bit better than me, and she's not too bad at ranged combat? With her powers, and training from you, she'll be a great magical girl, I reckon."

Mami nods, smiling. "*We* can train her."

"We can," you agree, an answering smile on your face even if you're not that sure how much you can contribute to that training.

"Mmm," she agrees, smiling. She lifts her arms slightly in an open little gesture.

You chuckle, and give her a quick hug. Not like that's something *onerous* or anything...

"Anyway, what now?" Sayaka asks.

You pull your phone from your pocket, tapping the prominently displayed time.

"Oh! Yes!" Sayaka says, beaming. "Oh man I can heal Kyousuke! Are we going to go and hunt a Witch tonight?"

"Maybe not," you say. "Something to do tonight. But if we do, we'll let you know, yeah?"

"Yeah!" Sayaka cheers. "Anyway, let's *go* already!"

Madoka giggles, exchanging a look with Hitomi, who shakes her head in mock disapproval. Homura scowls, nearly imperceptibly.

... Admittedly, this time yours not entirely sure she's displeased with Sayaka or because of the thought of Kyousuke.

...

Why not both?

"Let's go," Mami agrees. "Sayaka, don't forget to detransform..."

The bleunette glances down at herself. "Oh, right!" she says, and detransforms in a blaze of sapphire blue light. You and Mami both follow suit, and the five of you start strolling off towards the hospital.

Sayaka practically skips as she ranges ahead.

You pat Mami's elbow, giving her a quick smile before speeding up your footsteps to catch up with Sayaka.

"Hey, Sabrina!" she says, voice and eyes bright.

"Hey, Sayaka," you say. "Nice spar back there."

"Yeah!" she agrees, punching the air. "Ah, you weren't so bad yourself."

"I'm not a melee fighter," you say with a shrug. "Not without my Grief, anyway."

"Ah, OK," Sayaka says as she turns the corner towards the hospital.

"Anyway," you say, sobering. "It... Sayaka, I never told you the full details of what I was doing, did I? Beyond just fighting Witches, as important as that is?"

"Hmmm?" Sayaka asks, her grin fading a touch as she peers at you. "No?"

You sigh. "Well... Remember what I told you about earlier? Lots of magic girls... don't exactly have very happy lives."

"Hmm?" Sayaka asks, thinking it over, before understanding dawns. "Ah."

"Yeah," you say. "They fight to just *stay alive*, not just against Witches, but also each other. For Grief Seeds. Because of Kyuubey and what it does. Most of them aren't bad people, just... in a bad situation. Or they're desperate, or misguided, or don't know any better, or some combination of all that. But..." You smile. "I mean to change that. I want to help as many girls as I can, and *break* this messed-up system for good. Make it so none of them die, or fight needlessly."

Sayaka's eyes glitter. "I... Wow, OK," she says. "You're kind of cool, you know that? Kind of dorky, but cool, too."

...

"*Excuse you?*" you ask, incredulity in your voice. "You're calling *me* dorky?"

"... Yeah?" she says.

...

"Whatever," you grumble, waving it off.

Her grin fades. "But OK," she says. "I... suppose I'm pretty lucky, huh?"

You shrug. "Mmm..." It's probably true. "The point is, though, well... I'm asking for your help with that, one magical girl to another."

"Me?" she asks, surprised. "'Course I'm in, did you really have to ask? I want to *help*."

"You don't owe me anything," you say.

"I know," she says, jaw setting stubbornly. "You were 'just' doing your job. Helping people, as a Magical girl. But... *I'm* a magical girl now. It's my *job* to help people, too. And if it lets me help *you* and Mami, and maybe lets me repay my debt to Hitomi, then that's even better."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

*Finally.*

Also, the next vote will probably take you to the hospital.Vote accordingly.
