# This mortal coil pt. 22

"You don't," you say, giving Sayaka a serious look. "You *don't* owe it to anyone to do this. Do it because it's the right thing and because you want to do it, not out of obligation."

A grin splits Sayaka's face. "*Duh,* I want to," she says. "Don't need to worry about that, Sabrina." She waves her hands in the air in great, sweeping motions. "It's just... I get to be a *part* of all this. And it's *big*, and I can make the world a better place by fighting evil."

You bite back a sigh. Oh how *that* shine is going to come off.

Damn it.

One thing at a time.

"You don't owe the world anything, you know," you say, waving your finger at her. "Hitomi doesn't think you owe her anything either. No," you hold up your hands as she opens her mouth to protest. "-just *think* about it, OK?"

Her mouth snaps shut and she nods, but you can see that mulish set to her jaw which means she's going to be *stubborn* about it.

"She didn't have to," Sayaka grumbles, hefting the two schoolbags over her shoulder. "So I owe her."

You *do* sigh this time, before smiling at the bluenette. "Anyway, I'm glad you want to. Welcome to the team!"

"Actually..." Sayaka frowns at you. "You don't get it. Do you?"

You shrug, which she seems to take as agreement, and she continues. "I became a magical girl because... because you helped me, because I owe Hitomi, I owe you and Mami and even Homura," she says slowly. "And it's *awesome*. I can run and jump and fight and I have *magic* just like in anime. And yeah, my s-soul, but it's worth it, because..."

"Magical girls help people. So *because* I'm a magical girl, I help people now," she says. "I *can* help people now." She clenches one fist. "I fight evil, or wrongdoing, or whatever. And I can pay it *back* that way. So... yeah." She grins at you, frown chased away by bright, sunny cheer. "Thanks! Good to be *on* the team."

You blink in surprise. "Well," you say, deciding to digest that for a bit. "Yeah. Like I said, good to have you with us. That said... If things get to you, or something's bothering you, don't worry about talking about it, OK? Talking about things helps."

Sayaka nods. "Yeah. Right back at you, if you need to?"

There's some of the wind out of your sails. "Yeah. We're all in this together, OK? Mami, Homura, Madoka, myself - we've got your back, right?"

"Yeah," she agrees. "Something prompt this?"

"Nah," you say, deflecting. "Just saying, you know? Anyway, healing! Mami'll probably explain this one better. So..." You turn to glance at Mami, who's walking beside Hitomi, Madoka and Homura just behind them in a loose group.

Mami smiles at you, warm and happy, and quickens her steps to join you. "What's happening, Sabrina?"

"Healing," you answer with a smile. "We never *did* teach Sayaka how to heal."

"Ah!" Mami says, nodding. "I actually hadn't brought it up yet on purpose. Healing is, ah, best taught with a demonstration to hand."

"... Hey!" Sayaka complains. "That's not nice."

Mami tilts her head in confusion. "... Oh," she says. "That's not what I meant. My apologies, Sayaka."

The bleunette shakes her head. "Eh, I was kidding," she says, smile returning to her face. "Mostly. It *is* kind of funny."

You snort. "Well, we're gonna go fix that up. Magic's handy that way."

Sayaka whaps you on the back of your head. "No."

"Yes," you counter. "It's my *right* to make terrible puns. And my left." You raise both hands to illustrate your point.

Mami bumps her shoulder against yours. "No, Sabrina," she says firmly.

"No?" you ask.

"No," Mami says. "It's not nice to make fun of the *hand*icapped."

You bark out a startled laugh, beaming at Mami. "Nice one!"

"Traitors," Sayaka mutters. "Traitors, all of you."

"Ah..." Madoka says, peeking over from behind you. "I'm sure Homura and Mami and Sabrina are glad to lend a hand..."

"Madoka!" Sayaka complains.

The pinkette giggles, followed by Hitomi's quiet, genteel chuckles. You glance over your shoulder, winking at your friends. Homura raises an eyebrow a tiny fraction of a centimetre at you.

"Hmph. You people are all terrible," Sayaka says, sticking her nose in the air and marching away ahead of your group.

You laugh, long and loud, your friends joining in, and the serious mood transitions to something more easy going. Happy chatter fills the air as all five of you stroll towards the hospital in the waning afternoon night.

You push your senses out, paranoid for an attack, or... something unusual. Which brings to mind Mami's offhanded suggestion about your powers being a lightning rod for Witches. Or, well. Making Barriers attracting Witches. Like calls to like, as she'd put it.

Your powers are... *pretty* similar to a Witch's, you have to admit. Not *quite*, though. You don't think you've seen a Witch straight up control *Grief* by itself, the stuff you draw from a Soul Gem. But if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck... It *might* still be a goose, to torture the metaphor and the ornithologically inclined.

...

Where were you going with that again?

"Are you OK, Sabrina?" Mami asks, turning to smile at you as you walk down the sterile corridor towards Kyousuke's room. Nothing unusual you'd noticed, not even a Witch nearby.

... which is actually a little unusual in and of itself, maybe? Witches, misery, hospitals and all. They *should* go together.

"Yeah," you say, smiling back at her. You've coalesced into a loose group again, Madoka, Sayaka and Homura walking in the front, Madoka trying to engage Homura in conversation about schoolmates, from the sound of it. Hitomi's on your left, and Mami to your right. "Just thinking a bit."

Mami nods. "Alright."

"Say, Sabrina?" Hitomi asks. "Did you make any progress with..." She glances at Sayaka.

"Nooooot really," you admit.

Hitomi nods. "I expected that," she says with a shake of her head.

"Sorry," you say.

"No, no," Hitomi says. "It's not your fault."

You huff a sigh. "I know, but still."

Up ahead, Sayaka raps on Kyousuke's door.

"Come in!" the boy's voice calls from inside, and Sayaka throws the door open, practically bouncing into the room.

"Hello, Sayaka," Kyousuke says, looking up from the bed. He blinks, looking faintly nonplussed at the sudden influx of high school girls trooping into the room. "Hello, Hitomi, Madoka... Hello, Sabrina, Mami... Homura." He flinches slightly at the last arrival.

Sayaka gravitates over to Kyousuke's bedside. "So, uh, Kyousuke, we're going to finish healing you today." She glances back at you for confirmation.

You nod. "Or as close as we can get, anyway?"

Kyousuke nods, looking overwhelmed. "I've been working hard on the physiotherapy?" He holds his hand up, flexing his fingers. They... well, they move a lot more fluidly than the last time you'd seen it.

"That's great!" Sayaka beams. She looks down, twiddling her fingers a little. "And, ah, I'll be helping with the healing too."

"Isn't it a magical girl thing?" Kyousuke asks, blinking at her.

You exchange a look with Mami. She raises her eyebrows at you, looking amused.

"I became a magical girl too," Sayaka says, fiddling with the ring on her finger.

Kyousuke blinks in slow, dull surprise. "Oh. Oh!" he says. "I see! So... you can help to heal my hand?"

You wince.

"Yes, I can!" Sayaka says. "Um, Mami? Sabrina?"

"Yep," you say, hooking a chair over with one leg. "Chairs, I guess?"

Mami pulls a chair over so that it's beside yours, sitting down. Sayaka stands on the opposite side of the bed, nearly hopping from one foot to the other in barely contained glee. Well. You *say* barely contained, really, it's not contained at all. Homura... Homura ghosts over to stand beside you without a word.

"Alright," Mami says, holding out a hand and summoning the familiar glow of magic to it. "Sayaka, you should know how to do this instinctively, it... comes with being a magical girl. Focus on what you *want* to do. You should feel warmth, of a sort, and you need to direct it to your hand."

Sayaka nods, frowning in concentration. "Hmm..." she says as Kyousuke stretches his arm out on the bed, slate grey eyes darting around.

"Ah!" Sayaka's hand begins to glow a faint, sapphire blue.

"That's great, Sayaka!" Madoka claps her hands together, smiling proudly. Hitomi claps, too.

"OK, what now?" Sayaka asks.

Mami motions towards Kyousuke with a smile.

Sayaka reaches out with a trembling hand, and presses it to Kyousuke's wrist. A faint blush steals across her face, but the boy doesn't seem to notice, staring rapturously at his hand as if that would speed the process.

Mami's hand joins Sayaka's a moment later. "Raise your hand, please," she says.

Kyousuke complies, giving you enough room to add your hand.

You have a... sense of what your magic's doing, slowly repairing the ligaments and muscle and nerve in the boy's wrist and fingers. You can sort of direct it, too, to speed certain areas more than others. And you can feel Mami's and Sayaka's magic, too, working away.

You glance at Homura, but she just frowns minutely at you. "No room," she says.

... To be fair, there *isn't* really any room left for her to help.

She backs off, and goes to stand beside Madoka instead.

The three of you work in an amiable silence, Madoka and Hitomi conversing in hushed voices in the corner. Your mind wanders, briefly touching on the adorable and yet mildly worrying notion of infinite Kirika's. And shipping. Oriko and Kirika make an *adorable* couple.

Then again, you do have to worry a little over... whatever it is that's eating Oriko. Which you *still* don't know how to solve.

Tsk.

You take a moment to consider Asunaro, which is... full of crazy. Very much full of crazy. But possibly also full of goodies, depending on when you get there. Which is the problem, isn't it? Of course, the drive by, or maybe flyby solution's always there... Caw, caw, swoop and grab and all that.

It takes nearly an hour before you finish, Kyousuke's eyes fixed on his hand the entire time.

Finally, you sit back with a satisfied sigh, Mami imitating you a moment later. "We're done."

"Are you sure?" Sayaka asks, keeping her hand right where it is, checking anxiously.

"Kyousuke?" you ask.

The boy flexes his fingers slowly, one after another. "I can feel my fingers again," he breathes. "They *work*. I- *thank you*. I- I- my violin's inside the cabinet, could someone get it for me?"

"Ah!" Sayaka scrabbles at the cabinet beside her and fumbles the instrument out. She holds it out to Kyousuke with reverent hands.

The boy snatches it from her, raising it to his chin and touching the bow to strings. With his eyes closed, he draws the bow across and promptly winces at the squawk of out-of-tune notes.

"... Ah," he says, laying down the bow and starting to fiddle with the tuning knobs.

You exchange a look with Mami. She looks rather exasperated, eyebrows high on her forehead. Madoka, by contrast, looks anxious, her gaze flicking from Sayaka, to Hitomi, to Kyousuke, and finally to you. Hitomi and Sayaka...

Hitomi and Sayaka are both watching Kyousuke avidly, their eyes following his every motion as he tunes the violin.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Job's done!
