# This mortal coil pt. 24

"She's OK," you say. To Mami, to Kirika - to both, really. "We just need to heal her up and return her Soul Gem to her, and she'll be up again."

"I... OK," Mami says, unable to tear her eyes away from Oriko's body.

You touch Mami's elbow lightly, gently steering her aside. You throw Kirika an apologetic look, but she nods slightly. She shakes her head and motions silently towards Mami, an understanding look on her face.

"Mami," you say, pulling her into a hug. "Are you OK?"

She takes a deep, shuddering breath. "I... I suppose I am. It was just a... bit of a shock. It's like she was... dead," she says, swallowing.

"Yeah," you say, exhaling. "I'm sorry. I should have warned you."

"No, it's not your fault," Mami says, pulling back far enough to give you a weak smile. "I... I'm alright."

"OK," you say, tightening your hug around her for a moment before loosening your grip. Mami doesn't step away immediately, content to rest her head against the crook of your neck for a moment before finally stepping back, smile a little less wobbly.

"Alright," you say, turning to Kirika. "Let's get to it. First things first, I'll make a pain blocking ring, then you can wake Oriko up, and we'll heal her a bit, alright?"

Kirika nods.

"OK, so... Mami, this is going to feel a bit Witchy, alright?" you say. When she nods in acknowledgement, you summon a small blob of Grief to your hand and mould it. The Grief melts into a simple doughnut shape, and you bear *down* with your will and mind. *Block the pain of your wearer*.

You feel it *give* abruptly, the ring abruptly shining gold. Fiery runes burn for a moment along the edges before fading away, the ring *singing* with that familiar pressure of *Witch*.

You exhale, holding it out to Kirika.

Kirika accepts it gratefully, immediately sliding it onto Oriko's finger and interlacing her fingers with the seer's. She gives you an anxious look. "Sabrina?"

"Kirika?" you respond, gesturing at Oriko's Soul Gem with a smile. You glance at Mami and motion outside the room. "*Give them some privacy,*" you murmur into Mami's mind.

"*Ah,*" Mami says, glancing back.

Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Kirika give both of you a grateful nod as she reverently picks up Oriko's Soul Gem.

You step outside the room pulling the door shut, and lean against the door.

"How are you?" you ask Mami, smiling at her and pulling her into a quick hug. You can feel Kirika returning Oriko's Soul Gem to her, and the seer waking up, the glowing conflagration of magic that*is* Oriko kindling from her Gem.

Mami shakes her head, smiling. "I'm... I'm alright." She meets your eyes. "I am, Sabrina. I- it really was just the shock."

"Alright," you say, exhaling in relief. "How long did that take? To make the ring?"

"Oh... maybe a minute?" Mami says. "Not too long."

"Hmm," you say, filing that away. "OK, thanks."

Mami smiles, shaking her head. "Not at all, Sabrina."

You lean against the wall, looking up and down the carpeted corridor. There are... there *were* pictures hung on the walls, now merely discolourations in the wallpaper from where they'd been removed. A pot of flowers sits on an ornate table at the end of the corridor - lilies, from a quick glance.

... And probably Kirika's doing, if you think about it.

You shaks your head, and smile at Mami. "Anyway... How much do you know about what's happening with Oriko?"

"Only what you told me," Mami says, smiling back at you. "She's having some difficulty with her magic, and it's causing her a lot of pain."

"Right," you say. "Crippling pain. I made a pain blocking ring that worked on her, but it would only last as long as I was around, so I had to, ah, disconnect her." You tuck you stray hair behind your ear as you think. "Hm. OK, so... I've been hoping to make that pain blocking permanent. But my skill with enchantment is, ah, lacking, so I was hoping you could help me?"

Mami smiles. "Of course, Sabrina," she says, voice warm. She glances thoughtfully at the door. "Miss Kure really loves her, doesn't she?"

You shrug. "Yeah."

She nods slowly, golden eyes fixed on the closed door. Eventually, she sighs and smiles at you, expression warm and soft. "I see," she says.

You smile back at her.

"Hey, Sabrina? You can come back in now!" There's more life to Kirika's voice than you'd heard since this morning.

And when you reenter the room, Oriko's sitting up, aided by Kirika. Sea green eyes regard you with unruffled calm despite the distinctly *unhealthy* pallour of her skin. And if she's moving a bit more stiffly than you remember, well. "Hello, Sabrina. Miss Tomoe."

"Hi, Oriko," you say.

"Miss Mikuni," Mami says, nodding fractionally.

"OK, first order of business," you announce. "Oriko, we're going to heal you up a bit, OK?"

She nods, voluminous silver hair shifting. "That would be welcome."

Noting the distinct dearth of chairs in the room, you perch on the edge of Oriko's bed, Mami right beside you. Kirika's on the opposite side of the bed. All three of you stretch your hands towards Oriko, the gentle glows of healing magic in three different colours mingling as you work to repair the necrosis.

It doesn't take that long, about half an hour at most - there wasn't too much damage. You exhale slowly as you withdraw your hands, absently checking all your Soul Gems - Kirika's is fine, since it's sitting right next to the clear Seed. You cleanse Mami's Soul Gem and your own with a crook of your finger, a deep purple mist of Grief pouring out of the window in eddying whorls.

"How are you feeling?" you ask.

Oriko blinks slowly, taking a deep breath. "I *feel* fine," she says. "Your pain blocking ring works. And my visions are..." She makes an empty handed gesture. "They are sluggish. Not the usual... rapid pace."

Kirika's hand curls around Oriko's, orange eyes seeking sea green ones for reassurance. Oriko smiles at her.

"Alright," you say. "Anyway... Kirika, I'm sure you're hungry, and so are Mami and I. Shall we order takeout for dinner, or is there something we could throw together quickly?"

Oriko considers this for a moment. "Takeout," she says. "It would take too long to cook."

"KFC!" Kirika says, perking up.

Oriko smiles at her. "KFC."

You raise an eyebrow. "... KFC?"

Kirika beams at you. "Yes! Three piece chicken meal for me," she says.

"... Mami?" you ask.

She smiles at you. "I don't mind."

"Alright," you say, nodding. "KFC it is."

Oriko orders, speaking into the phone with terse, clipped tones.

"I'll go get some chairs," you note, wandering out of the room. Mami, naturally, follows you.

You let your mind... drift as you walk down the corridors, peeking into the rooms as you search for chairs. Oriko's... soul pains. Well. You *could* wait for the puella magi with soul powers to come by in a week, as predicted by Oriko, but a part of you can't help but worry that that would be too late.

And then there's the can of crazy that is Asunaro. Of course, that means dealing with the crazy.

And then again, there's the Soujos, the twins in one body. And Oriko had predicted they'd be arriving in... a week now, you think. *That* particular brand of crazy is something *special*. Collecting Soul Gems because they're *pretty*. Honestly, you should probably just snatch away their Gems the moment you lay eyes on them.

Frankly, exploding their Gems isn't even out of the question, you have to admit to yourself. You swallow. Killing... You don't want to. But if it comes down to it...

Or you could Witch them out, in hopes of reviv-

Your gorge rises, and you gag.

You force back the sudden nausea, the *disgust* with yourself for even contemplating that. You-

You didn't even like the thought of doing it to *Kirika-*

Mami's at your side, her hands fluttering as she checks your temperature with a hand on your forehead. "Sabrina? *Sabrina!*"

You swallow the bile. "I- I'm OK," you say, voice wavering. The back of your throat burns with stomach acid. "I- I'm OK, Mami."

"Are you sure?" Mami asks, peering anxiously at your face. "You don't *look* like it."

"Yeah," you say. "I'm OK. I just had a... really upsetting thought."

"Oh," Mami says, biting her lip. "I-if you're sure, Sabrina."

"I'm sure," you say, managing a smile at Mami and pulling her into a reassuring hug.

"A-alright," she says, leaning her head against you for a moment. Eventually, she eases back a little.

You release her, and let her step out of the hug. "We still haven't found any chairs yet..." she says.

"That's true," you agree. "Onwards!"

Eventually, you *do* find the chairs, and return to Oriko's room to find Kirika lying on the bed, curled into the seer's side like a cat. You plunk your chair down and sit.

"By the way, Kirika," you say, by way of filling the silence as you wait for the takeout to arrive. "That antimagic enchantment you made. How does it work, do you know? I mean, does it have an area of effect, or just people who touch it, or...?"

"People who touch it," Kirika says, glancing at the rock on the bedside table. "That's it, I think. It just shuts down their magic."

"Hunh," you say. "OK. Is that the first one you made? Do you think you can make more?"

"Yeah, and yeah," Kirika nods. "It... Do you think it will help?"

"Maybe," you say, mulling it over. "I'm not entirely sure yet, still thinking it over. But... Good job, Kirika."

She grins at you.

Just as you're about to say something more, you're interrupted by the clear belltones of the door chime.

"Food's here!" Kirika cheers, bouncing to her feet. She swipes some money from inside a drawer and heads out of the room. Oriko watches her go with a fond, wistful smile on her face.

**\[] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[x] Discuss plans on how to proceed. Enchantment is probably the sure fire way to go.
\[x] Ask Mami how she'd begin if we were to start on a pain blocking enchant.
\[x] Tell Mami about your magic control booster and your mixed success with one enchant as well as how it failed. Ask if she'd think it'd help her if she looked at a 'boosted' enchant.
\[x] Continue to work with Mami, Kirika and Oriko on a plan with enchantment magic.
\[x] Break for food at the agreed upon time/when it arrives. During this time, telepathy Masami about Ono.

\=====​

KFC is *really* popular in Japan. I have no idea why.

Also, cutting off the update here due to length, if you want to refine the vote a little more, go ahead.
