# This mortal coil pt. 26

You blink, thinking about that for a moment. "I need to figure out own enchantment," you say, savouring the mashed potato. "I want to be able to understand what goes into an enchantment, or a Soul Gem."

Mami nods. "That sounds like a good idea," she agrees.

"Yeah... Maybe you'll be able to see what's wrong?" Kirika says, smiling hopefully. She gives the little pile of polished bones in front of her a mournful look.

"Hopefully," you agree, watching in amusement as Oriko shares half of the breaded skin she'd peeled off the chicken with Kirika. The black haired girl immediately brightens, scooting a little closer to Oriko.

"Ah, Sabrina," Mami says, smiling at you. "Could you pass the coleslaw and mashed potato?"

"Sure," you agree, doing just that. Dinner finishes in amiable silence, most of the discussion having burnt itself out, and you all wash your hands, Kirika getting lightly smacked by Oriko for flicking her hands dry on the floor.

You head down to the living room, illuminated by the warm sunlight tones of fluorescent bulbs. You all settle into the rich leather sofas, Kirika collecting some rocks from outside and dumping them on the table.

"Alright," you say, smiling as Mami sits beside you and curls against your side. "Let's get started. Ah, Mami, could you enchant something for me to practice on first? I'll make you the Grief boosted enchantment. Uh, general warning for the Witch-y feel again."

Mami nods, reaching out just far enough to snag one of the river-smoothed rocks and holding it between both hands. She exhales, face turning blank as she focuses on the enchantment, her palms lighting up with a golden glow.

Kirika and Oriko are cuddled into each other on the other sofa, both of them getting started on their own enchantments.

You call a blob of Grief to you, a small sphere zooming in through the open window. You catch it, and focus your will upon it. What was it you'd wanted last time? Enhancement of enchantment control. You bend your will upon the Grief, metaphorically moulding and twisting at it-

-and it's done, a plain bracelet of seemingly steel, gleaming in your palm. It hums in your senses, and out of the corner of your eye, you catch Mami's look. You give her a reassuring smile, flipping the bracelet into your other hand so that you can give Mami a one-armed hug.

She relaxes, smiling at you.

"Right," you murmur, slipping the bracelet on and selecting another of those smoothed rocks from the small pile on the table. You'd make a ring, but you don't *have* a normal ring to work with. So a rock it is, then.

You exhale slowly, holding the rock on the flat of your palm. You know what you want -pain blocking- so you simply pour magic from the palm, letting your intention and the bracelet guide the formation. Grief wicks into the winding traceries of magic, giving the enchantment a *speckled* appearance to your mind's eye.

"Here we are," you say, holding it out to Mami. Absently, you dissolve the bracelet rather than keep it around - the Witchy sensation's probably a distraction.

"And here you are," Mami says, taking the rock and handing you another in exchange. This one's formed into a smooth sphere. Golden fire blooms across its surface at your touch, light spreading in rippling circles. "Magical reinforcement," she adds.

"Thank you, Mami," you say, taking the rock with a smile. She ducks her head, smiling back at you.

On the other sofa, Kirika's concentrating hard, her tongue poking out of her mouth as she directs a frown at the rock in her hand. Oriko, on the other hand, is slowly turning *her* rock over between her palms, magic flickering in fitful little starts.

To work, then. You want to learn to analyse magic more thoroughly. Trying to do it with Grief didn't *quite* work, the last time you'd tried it. And *that* had been odd, too. It had felt like it was... somehow out of reach, and *just* out of reach, at that.

You chew on your lip as you contemplate that. Shouldn't Grief transmutation be incredibly versatile, capable of nearly anything? It *is* what Witches use to build their Barriers and their very *forms*. So why would this be out of reach?

You need to think about it. For now, though... You exhale, turning your attention to the rock and peering into it with your senses. Magical traceries wind across the surface of the magic. You spend a while examining those twisting streaks of magic, trying to discern some pattern to the way they're structured and the way they flicker and glow in response to touching the stone.

Not really much to be found there, though you *do* note that the magic has a distinct *sensation* to it, warm and gentle while wrapped around an inner core of cast iron.

Reminds you of Mami, really. Which makes you think of Mami in glasses, for some reason, and *that* mental image is *alarmingly* adorable. Hm. And speaking of Mami, she *does* have that test tomorrow\... tsk. You need to do something about that. Back to the topic at hand...

Magic is *odd*, on your senses, a sort of like-yet-not-like resonance to your *self*. You feel like you could mould it, *twist* it like you do with grief, but when you reach for it, it's oddly far away and yet paradoxically still within reach.

And if you look at your own Soul Gem... it is, in many ways, the absolute *opposite* to a Grief Seed. If a Grief Seed is absolutely *packed* with Grief, then your Soul Gem overflows with *magic*. It would be blinding, an absolute nova, if you were looking at it with your physical eyes.

And in the centre, the one similarity. That one abyssal speck of Gried that you instinctively shy away from looking at too closely.

You chew on your lip. Magic and Grief.

Despair and hope.

That's not really a *new* realisation, you suppose.

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] While you practice, remind Oriko that in order to test Kirika's AM enchantment, she'll need to let go of the ring for a moment. She should tell us as soon as she's ready.
- [x] Whenever you feel tired, telepathy Masami and Hiroko.
- [x] How many Christmas baskets do you owe them for their help?
- [x] Ask how did their meeting go.
- [x] Also how's the Grief Seed working.
- [x] Also if they need anything from you.
- [x] If you need another break during practice, try to Grief up an informational pamphlet about Oriko's Soul issue. Grief warning.

---​

Hmmmm.
