# This mortal coil pt. 28

To throw it out, or to talk to it. Throw it out, or talk to it...

On the one hand, it's Kyuubey. You're... you're afraid of it, you guess. You don't *know* what it wants, in this case, and you don't know how it might ruin things for you. As it is, it holds far too many cards, and each of those cards could *break* you and your friends. Mami, especially.

On the *other* hand, it's Kyuubey. You hate it, but you *might* learn something from it. Kyuubey *is* the actual Soul expert here, much as it galls you to admit it. Or more so than *you* are, at any rate. It *might* be your best chance to help Oriko.

On the third gripping hand, which you just formed out of Grief, it's *Kyuubey*, pinched delicately between two marionette jointed fingers. It's really not worth it.

You bring Kyuubey up to your eye level, dangling by the scruff of its neck. "Get out," you say.

With a deft flick of the disembodied Grief hand, you toss it back out of the window.

You exhale. Bastard bunnycat.

You turn to Mami, pulling her into a proper hug. "Are you OK, Mami?"

She stares out of the window where you'd thrown the incubator, leaning into the hug. "I- I suppose so," she says, swallowing blinking rapidly as if trying to force back tears.

"*That was unecessary, Sabrina.*" Kyuubey's telepathic voice intrudes in your head - in everyone's head, judging by the reactions. Oriko's expression tightens fractionally, while Kirika openly scowls at the little white creatue. Mami turns away from the window, burying her face in your shoulder.

"Go away, and stay gone," you snap, another Grief hand already snatching for it.

"*Very well,*" the Incubator says, dodging nimbly and hopping out of sight. "*It seems my help is unwanted.*"

You snort. Any help it'd offer would probably be tainted.

Then again, some part of you can't help but feel like you might be making a mistake. Alienating the little, well, alien, *could* lead to it taking more *active* measures against you. So far, it's been subtle - about the worst you can lay at its feet is... encouraging Megane to be distrustful of you. And then again, that might have been her natural on*o*ryness showing through.

What if *that* changes, though?

Kirika grimaces, staring out of the window. "Nasty thing," she opines.

"Mh," you agree.

Mami shakes her head, and you can feel her taking a deep breath and steadying herself. "I... I hope he stays gone," she whispers.

"I know," you say, squeezing her reassuringly. "I know, Mami."

Oriko exhales. "Shall we get back to work?"

"Yeah," Kirika agrees, eyes flicking to the window with a grimace. "Back to work."

Mami sighs, cuddling into your side with her eyes closed. You hug her reassuringly, biting your lip. This... this isn't the kind of thing that goes away easily or quickly. You stroke her back in slow, soothing circles as she recovers.

Kyuubey. Little furry bastard. He, it. It's sentient and sapient, and... does it deserve a chance? Does it deserve your dislike? In the end... you suppose it does. Deserve your dislike, and maybe even your hatred. Forgiveness goes only so far, not when it has the blood of millions on its paws, accumulated since time immemorial.

"I- I'm alright," Mami whispers, pulling herself upright in your hug. She wipes at her face, giving you a weak smile.

"Take as much time as you need, Mami," you say keeping your arms right where they are.

Motion out of the corner of your eye - two gazes watching you silently, one sea-green and one orange. Oriko nods slowly, her expression distant and almost blank. Kirika's eyes flick from you to the darkness beyond the window and back to you, and she gives you a weak, worried little grin.

"I'm alright," Mami says, taking a deep, shuddering breath and sitting up properly. She doesn't move away from you, though, still pressed into your side, but she eases away just enough to pick up another rock and cup it between her hands.

Oriko nods again, eyes refocusing on you. "I'm going to try Kirika's antimagic rock," she murmurs, laying aside her own chunk of riverstone.

"Here," Kirika says, holding the newly made one to her. Oriko accepts it, holding her left hand out to Kirika.

The black haired girl smiles weakly, taking Oriko's hand between hers. With slow, gentle motions, she slides the ring off. Oriko tightens her grip on the antimagic rock in anticipation, her knuckles whitening.

The ring comes off fully. Oriko's jaw clenches tight, a flicker of pain crossing her face.

"Oriko?" Kirika whispers.

"It's... it's alright," she whispers. "Let me try."

She's controlling her breathing, forcing herself to breathe normally. It takes minutes, but it becomes more natural, her eyes opening.

"It's... workable," she says, voice thready.

Kirika shakes her head, squeezing the ring back onto Oriko's finger. The seer sags, the rigid set of her shoulders easing back into something gentler. "It cuts off my visions, but... the pain is manageable," she says, glancing at you.

"I think we can leave that as a backup plan, maybe?" you suggest. "If we absolutely can't figure out anything else?"

She nods slowly.

"I... I think I can duplicate the anti-pain effect, Sabrina," Mami says hesitantly. "I'm not completely sure, but I think so."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Stay alert in case the bunnycat comes back. If he returns, throw him out with floating Grief hands. Repeat as many times as needed.
- [x] Diagnose Oriko's sickness using a magic boosted Grief book.
- [x] More enchantment practice and experimentation.

---​

This is *technically* a continuation of the *previous* vote in abeyance. Write in what Sabrina will do in the meantime - enchantment isn't really something you can *assist* on, if you want to practice a specific enchantment or idea or something, now's the time.
