# This mortal coil pt. 29

"That's great," you say, giving her a warm, pleased smile. "You can do it, Mami. Um... is there anything I can do to help?"

She smiles back at you. "Ah, not really," she says. "I... don't think two person enchantment is really possible? Or... perhaps it is, but I've never tried it before."

"That's fair," you say, smiling at her. "I believe in you, Mami. You'll get this done. Hang in there!"

Kirika beams at Mami, eyes alight with eager hope. "Please do your best!"

Mami nods. "I'll try," she says, leaning forward to snag a fresh rock and the one you'd enchanted for her to reverse-engineer before cuddling back into your side, both of the rocks on her lap.

"Hm," you say, considering the matter. "Actually, maybe we should make it a ring for Oriko?"

Mami tilts her head. "Mmm... that makes sense," she agrees. "Ah, do you have a ring, though? I'll need something to start off."

"No, but I *do* have gold," you say, a smirk flickering across your face. You don't have to *heat* forge it, since you can probably extrude it with sheer pressure applied with your Grief. You hold your hand out towards the window, summoning one of the spheres containing your loot.

"Why do you have gold?" Kirika asks, eyeing you oddly as you root about inside the sphere and produce a small slab of gold. "... why do you have *gold bars?*"

"I stole it from the yakuza with Homura's help," you answer, pursing your lips as you contemplate the best way of doing this.

Oriko palms her face, and Kirika pats her shoulder reassuringly.

You chuckle, coming to a decision. Grief enfolds the bar of gold, the deep purple stuff flowing over the gold. It only takes a bit of thought to form a ring mould in the middle of the Grief, and another touch of will and a clenching of your fist *squeezes*. Sheer pressure crushes gold into the ring. With twirl of your fingers, you form a thousand tiny, abrading blades inside your impromptu cold-forge sphere, sandblasting the ring to a polished finish.

You briefly debate etching words in the Black Speech around the edge of the ring, but that probably sends the wrong message entirely.

The sphere hinges open to display a gleaming golden ring, which you pick out with a grin and hand to Mami. You seal the Grief sphere shut again, and compress the remaining chunk of gold back into a bar shape, albeit a smaller one than you'd started with. "There we go," you say, beaming proudly.

Mami stares down at the ring in her hands, shaking her head. "Oh, Sabrina," she says fondly. She weighs the ring in her hand thoughtfully. "I can work with this."

"Hey, if it works, it works," you say, glancing around at the others. Kirika seems torn between giving you a thumbs up, blushing furiously at the prospect of putting a ring on Oriko, and cheering Mami on. Oriko's face is firmly buried in her palms.

"Alright," Mami says, holding the ring in one hand and the anti-pain rock in the other. She leans into your side, nestling comfortably against you. "I'll get started."

"Right," you say. "I'll get back to practice, then. I suppose all of us should, just in case?"

Oriko nods, as does Kirika.

The living room falls silent as you all turn to your own tasks, the minutes ticking away on the clock. You let your mind wander as you work slowly on your own enchantment. Dewitching.

Really, it's one of your biggest hopes for enchantment. Half one, and half the other... Grief comes naturally to you but *magic* is so much harder. It's weird, really, just out of reach. *Just* out of reach, as if you might be able to grasp it by figuring out how to *twist* your control.

You exhale slowly, turning the rock over in your hand. At least you haven't broken any so far, though you haven't *succeeded*, either.

... Madokami above, you hope you don't *break* any Grief Seeds when it comes to trying to restore them. That would be rather *not good*.

Would Kyuubey retaliate if you start cutting into its profit margins with the dewitching? You have no idea, to be honest, and that's... a concern.

The sharp crack of a rock shattering draws you from your own contemplation - Kirika, poking disonconsolately at a broken rock. You frown. Hadn't she already succeeded with enchantment?

Hm.

"By the way, Kirika," you say. "Just curious, how'd you do the anti-magic enchantment?"

She glances up. "Eh?"

"No, I mean like..." You wave a hand. "Did you start with a simpler enchantment, or did this one work out easier, or...?"

"Aha!" Kirika says, citrine eyes crinkling into an understanding smile. "Uh, I was trying the reinforcement magic-" she gestures with the handful of splintered shards in her hand, "-but that didn't work. When you suggested the anti-magic, I gave it a shot. Still took me a few tries, but it was easier."

"Right, that makes sense," you say, idly tucking stray hair behind your ear. Hm.

"I've noticed magical girls tend to have an affinity for enchantment related to their own powers?" Mami offers, glancing up from the ring.

"Ah, thanks, Mami," you say. Hm. It makes sense, you reckon.

She beams up at you, returning to studying your rock with a thoughtful air.

"... also, Kirika," you say. "How did you get a picture of me flying, anyway?"

"Telescopic lens," Kirika says, fang poking out of her grin. "And I asked Oriko for the best place to look."

"Do I want to know why you have a telescopic lens?" you ask.

Kirika shrugs.

You shake your head, smiling yourself - that grin is *infectious*, and you return to your enchantment. Beside you, Mami chuckles and leans her head against you, eyes flicking from the rock to the ring in her hand. You can feel her magic starting to stir in slow, tentative licks of spectral, invisible fire.

Another hour ticks by, until finally, Mami makes a satisfied sound, sitting up straight. And you can *feel* her magic coalesce into a closed loop, centred on the ring.

"Success?" you ask, sitting up and smiling at Mami.

"Yes!" she says, proudly holding the ring up to you. It gleams in the lamp light, golden fire in shifting runes burning along the rim. *Not* the Black Speech.

Kirika bounds to your side, eyes bright and eager. "It works?" she demands.

"It works," Mami says, steady and confident.

Kirika makes an inarticulate, begging sound, holding out both hands for it.

Mami glances at you, and you nod in confirmation. She nods, and drops the ring in Kirika's hands.

Kirika's back at Oriko's side in an instant, the ring in her outstretched hand. Oriko smiles at her, and holds her hand out.

Kirika blushes. Violently.

And she grins at Oriko through the blush, bright and happy.

Mami makes an amused noise, watching the couple with an equally amused smile.

Slowly, reverently, Kirika slides the Grief ring off her finger, and replaces it with the golden one.

Oriko relaxes. Tension bleeds out of her shoulders, and she works her neck experimentally.

"It works," she pronounces.

Kirika squeals, and tackles her in a massive hug, nearly rocking the sofa over on its back.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

OK, so I'm going to do something I haven't done before: In the interests of settling *this* particular argument, I am locking it in that Sabrina *will* be trying the Grief book before she leaves Oriko's place, using this vote:

Spoiler

- [x] Try to create a Grief Manual outlining the form and function of a Soul Gem.
    - [x] After Mami finishes the anti pain enchantment.
    - [x] Warn her that making it might take a few minutes, general witchy feeling warning, etc.
