# Anomalous Materials pt. 1

You exhale. "Alright, Mami," you say, smiling at her. You... you *were* considering telling her about yourself. How you knew about her - about *everyone*, and what's to come. Or what *was* to come, really, now that you've changed everything.

It can wait. It's not *fair* to her, if you did this now.

Mami smiles at you, packing up her textbook and notes. "I... I should be alright," she says, taking a breath. She nods decisively. "I'll be alright."

"Good," you say, beaming at her. "Would you like to shower first? Your hair takes longer to dry."

"I think so," she agrees, standing and twisting from side to side. She groans in relief as her spine pops. "If you're sure, Sabrina?"

"Of course," you say, motioning her towards the bathroom. "I'll be here."

"Alright," she says, smiling at you. She pads over to the bathroom, peeking back at you one last time before disappearing inside. You hear the water start up a few moments later.

You flop back on the sofa and stare up at the roof. "Blagh," you complain, directed at nothing in particular. It's been a long day - then again, they're *all* long days, you'd swear.

You mentally review what you need to do tomorrow. The most important thing is Oriko, really. You still need to see... what's going on with her Soul Gem. You might want to check for Sasa in the city, too.

You frown. Sasa *could* be a real danger, depending on how her powers work on you. And you do need to talk to Kyouko at some point, too, about Walpurgisnacht.

Hm.

Ah, well. You'll sleep on it, and hopefully wake up with a clearer mind.

For now, you click the television on and let the noise, some insipid drama, roll over you as your mind wanders. Briefly, you conside the state of your finances, such as they are - you're independently, if less than legitimately, wealthy, and that'll last you a good long while.

On the other hand... You've considered going global. You want to help *all* puella magi, after all. And *that* is going to take some financing. Heh. You could always get Oriko to play the stock market for you. What's the worst that could happen? You doubt that anyone could possibly pin anything on either of you.

As you finish that thought, the bathroom door clicks open, and you turn to see Mami emerging, eyes hunting for you. You wave at her, smiling, and her worry melts away into a warm smile. "Hi, Sabrina," she says.

"Hi, Mami," you say, beaming back at her.

She returns to towelling her hair, dangling wet and limp. "Your turn?"

"Yeah," you agree, hopping off the sofa and heading towards the bathroom. You leave the television on. "I won't take long, OK?"

"Alright," she says, smiling as you pass her.

You're as good as your word - you only take about ten minutes in the shower, and leave it to find Mami dressed in her pajamas, blow drying her hair in the bedroom. She smiles, and hands you the hairdryer.

Eventually, you're both ready for sleep. Mami, sitting on her bed, gives you an uncertain look that immediately clears up when you sit on the bed next to her and flop over. Mami joins you in lying down a moment later, switching the light off.

She cuddles against your back, hesitantly at first and then putting her arm over your waist when you don't pull away. "Good night, Sabrina," she whispers.

"Good night, Mami," you respond, smiling in the darkness and pulling the covers up over the both of you. "I'll wake up early, but *you* sleep in, OK?"

"Eh?" Mami asks.

"*You* have a test tomorrow, and I don't," you point out. And you're not sure you actually need to sleep, anyway. "I can manage breakfast and lunch myself. And I know-" you reach up to pat her hand, "-but it's just one morning, and I don't mind. OK?"

"I-" Mami seems conflicted, her voice sleepy.

"Just this one time. Let me make cook for you," you say. "And it's too comfortable to argue, right?"

"Mmmmnm," she says. "Alright. G'night."

"'night, Mami," you say, snuggling more comfortably under the covers, Mami nestled against your back.

This is nice. It... really is.

With a content sigh, you let yourself drift off.

\=====​

You climb muzzily from the depths of sleep. There's a warm presence wrapped around you, and you take a moment to remember that's Mami, making good headway towards filling your daily quota of hugs. Then again, does this count as just one long hug, or multiple hugs?

Hm. Maybe something to consider later.

You blink at the clock. About time to get up. Gently, you ease yourself out from under the covers and Mami's arm. Her face crumples into a displeased pout as you slip from her grasp, and she pats at the mattress where you just were before curling into a little ball on top of what warmth is left.

You huff a quiet laugh and tuck the covers back around her before heading out of the room to wash up and prepare breakfast.

A simple breakfast for today, you muse as you pull the refrigerator open. You take a moment to stare at the contents, trying to decide on something, before pushing it shut and hunting around in the cupboards for the rice. Porridge will do. You chew your lip as you scoop out rice for porridge and fill up the rice cooker for breakfast. Maybe a bit of chicken?

You click the news on as you wait for the porridge to boil, chopping up vegetables and some pork for lunch.

"... multiple fatalities caused by a major accident in downtown Mitakihara yesterday evening. Investigations are ongoing..."

Tsk. That's... yeah. With the density of pedestrian traffic in Mitakihara... You sigh as you dump the pork into a pot to stew a bit.

"... Sozoumachi metro line will close at eleven thirty PM today for maintenance. Commuters are advised..."

By the time Mami stumbles out of the bathroom, rubbing at her eyes and hair a tousled mess, you've concluded there's nothing much of note happening. You click the news off and turn to set out steaming bowls of porridge with salted salmon and scallions and some other toppings on the side.

"Good morning, Mami," you say brightly, turning away from the table to pack up lunch. Nothing fancy, just some vegetables and braised pork and rice. A little more of a Chinese slant towards the cooking, you suppose. And not the terrible American 'Chinese' food, either. Proper Chinese food.

"Good morning, Sabrina," she says, stifling a yawn and smiling sleepily at you. "Oh, you've finished breakfast already..."

"I did," you say, putting the lunchboxes down and walking over to give her a hug. "Good morning, Mami. I said I would, remember?"

"I know, but..." Mami mumbles against your shoulder.

"No, no buts," you say, releasing the hug to smile at her. "Anyway, breakfast is served."

Mami sighs, giving you a fond smile before moving to the table. "It smells good," she says.

"It's just porridge," you say, pulling a chair out for yourself and sitting. "Well... let's eat!"

You start to spoon up the porridge, adding a bit of salmon and savouring it.

"*GOOD MORNING, SABRINA.*" Sayaka's telepathic voice just about splits your head open from the sheer volume, and you clear a good handspan off your chair from sheer surprise. Across the table, Mami twitches too.

A flurry of startled, irritated voices follow.

"*Sayaka!*"

"*Sayaka, what are you doing?*"

"*Sayaka?*"

"*What do you want.*" You can practically *feel* the accompanying glower from Homura.

You raise your eyebrow at Mami, and she shrugs.

"*What *are* you doing, Sayaka?*" you ask.

"*... damn it,*" she grumbles. "*Doesn't really have the same effect, does it? I was just trying to irritate you by being all cheerful in the morning.*"

You snort. "*It doesn't work if you aren't actually a morning person,*" you point out, meeting Mami's eyes across the table. She giggles.

"*Sayaka... it's too early for this,*" Madoka complains.

"*Ehehe, sorry,*" Sayaka responds. "*Uh... good morning, everyone.*"

"*Good morning, everyone,*" Mami says.

"*Good morning!*" Madoka says.

"*Mmm, 'morning, everyone,*" you say, continuing to eat.

"*Good morning,*" Homura says, voice as dispassionate as it always is.

"*Good morning,*" Hitomi adds. "*You seem cheerful this morning, Sayaka?*"

"*Ah, it's a good day,*" Sayaka responds.

"*Mmm,*" Mami agrees.

"*Anyway, how's everybody this morning?*" you ask.

"*Good!*" Sayaka says.

"*Um... yes, I'm good,*" Madoka agrees.

"*I'm doing alright,*" Hitomi says, her mental voice thoughtful.

"*Oh hey! Mami, Sabrina? Homura? I meant to ask, are we gonna go hunt a Witch today?*"

"*I will likely have errands to run,*" Homura says. And that's a no in other words, isn't it?

"*Aw, OK,*" Sayaka says. "*Mami, Sabrina?*"

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Quiz Mami on the way to school.

\=====​

Here ends Book 2, chapter 5: This Mortal Coil, and here begins chapter 6: Anomalous Materials.
