# Anomalous Materials pt. 2

You debate that with yourself for a moment, glancing at Mami with a questioning little quirk of your eyebrows. She nods, smiling at you. "*Sure,*" you say. You... you *had* considered putting off Sayaka going on a hunt for a while, but you've been neglecting it for a while. "*Why not? After school, maybe, though uh, we do need to pick up supplies for the picnic tomorrow.*"

"*Alright, sounds cool!*" Sayaka says. "*Anyway, gonna go get ready for school now. See you all soon!*"

Speaking of cool things, you *are* still lugging that katana around, you muse as you trade farewells with the others. Weren't you going to give it to Sayaka for fun? Then again, you could keep it for yourself, too. *Also* for fun, coincidentally. And of course there's the *lazy* option, which is to leave it inside your cloud of Grief.

Always with the tough decisions.

Speaking of which, you *do* have a rather a *lot* of Grief now. You *know* it's there, a huge mass always on the peripheral of your mind.

Mami smiles at you across the table. "Everyone's cheerful today," she says.

"Yeah," you agree, smiling at her as you spoon up more porridge. "It's nice."

"Mmm!" she says, spoon clinking as she scrapes the bottom of the bowl.

You finish breakfast and clean up the dishes in a companionable silence, bumping shoulders with Mami. Taking turns, you change for the day, Mami into her school uniform and yourself into a nice blouse and skirt.

Before long, you're walking down the sidewalks, quizzing Mami on her test as you follow the crowds flowing through the streets. There's always so much human *traffic* in Mitakihara, great crowds of people walking politely and calmly - rarely do you see anyone jostling to try and get ahead.

"Alright, tell me... the types of sediment transport," you say, head nearly bumping Mami's as you walk side by side so that you can *hear* each other.

"Ah..." Mami's brow wrinkles. "There are... three of them. Suspended load, bed load, and..."

"Yup," you confirm as you turn the corner to the miniature park fronting Mitakihara Middle School. "One more?"

"Dissolved load!" A relieved smile appears on Mami's face. "Right?"

"Yup!" you confirm, smiling at Mami. "Well done, Mami! Can you tell me what they are?"

"Ah, yes, all three are ways in which a river or stream can carry types of sediment. The dissolved load, is, ah, ions from chemical weathering-" she glances at you, and you nod confirmation, "-and is a strong contributer to the, ah, salt export from lakes and-"

"Mami! Sabrina!" Sayaka's voice rings out over the chatter of students. You look up, and spot her waving exuberantly at you. You hold one finger up at her in a wait-a-tick gesture, and she falls silent, eyebrows cocked quizzically at you.

You smile at Mami. "Last question?"

Mami smiles back at you as you stroll towards Sayaka. "Ah, well, bed and suspended transport are very closely related, and they're more of a spectrum of the sediment mass - the heaviest ones will... roll across the bottom of the river, pushed by the current, whereas the suspended load consists of particulates small enough to float in the current."

"Perfect," you say, beaming at her. "Hi, Sayaka."

The bleunette pulls a face as you reach her. "Ugh, geography?"

"Hello, Sayaka," Mami says, smiling at Sayaka. "Yes, Sabrina's helping me to revise for a test."

"Good morning!" You spot Madoka coming, waving at you as she walks up from behind. Homura trails a step behind, amethyst eyes flicking to Sayaka, then you.

"'Morning!" Sayaka calls, grinning at her friend. "'Morning, Homura."

"Good morning," Homura says, toneless as ever.

You all exchange greetings, everyone cheerful this morning, and you head to school, chattering. Hitomi joins you at the school gates, arriving as she usually does by car.

"So Miss Saotome picked on Nakazawa *again,*" Sayaka says, shaking her head. "What was it this time? Favourite drink? We can't even *drink* yet!"

Madoka shakes her head, looking mournful. "She's been dumped," she comments.

"Again," Hitomi says, an amused smile curling the side of her mouth.

"Again!" Sayaka exclaims. "Wasn't even a few days!"

You snort. "Does she just have terminally bad luck, or bad taste?"

Sayaka exchanges a look with Madoka. They both shrug.

"Both?" Sayaka asks.

"Both," Hitomi agrees.

Mami nods too. "Both."

Madoka looms torn for a moment before nodding in agreement. "Both."

"... OK then," you say as you reach the school gates.

Mami giggles, patting your shoulder.

You laugh and pull her into a hug.

"Anyway, we're here," you say, releasing Mami. "So... See you all for lunch?"

"Yep!" Sayaka says, punching the air. "You gotta teach me how to do the building jumping thing."

"Well, mostly I fly these days, but yeah, it's on the list. Right, Mami?" You smile at Mami.

"Right!" Mami agrees, beaming. Her smile fades a little. "See you soon, Sabrina."

"See you," you say, giving her a warm smile.

You trade goodbyes with the others, and wave them into the school - Sayaka marching at the front of the group with an irrepressible grin, Hitomi's school bag and her own bouncing on her shoulder. Said verdette walks at her side, trailed by Madoka and Homura. And of course, Mami, peeking back at you before finally stepping into the building.

You nod to yourself, exhaling. Throwing the truancy officer a friendly smile, you pivot on your heel and wander off. You stroll along the streets, thinking. You have things to do this morning.

Witches. You *have* been kind of shirking your hunting duties. In favour of arguably more important things, but...

Witches kill people. And hell, that accident might have been a Witch, fat on kills.

Tsk. So your first task is to do something about that, then.

Witches, Witches, Witches, you muse as you wander down an alley and transform. Ugh. Always an unpleasant topic. You crouch and leap, bounding up the walls to reach the rooftop of the apartment block.

Of course, if Madokami comes into existence... do girls really Witch out? She catches them at the very last minute and brings them to Madokahalla, or whatever you want to call it.

Which does suggest the idea of Witching out Homur-

You stagger.

You catch yourself before you fall off the edge of the roof and fall to a knee. Dry heaves wrack your body, and you retch, trying to keep your breakfast down.

The moment passes, and you breathe shakily, spitting the bile from your mouth.

You stand on trembling knees, turning over to flop with your back against the raised wall lining the roof.

"*Are you OK, Sabrina?*" a sweet, telepathic voice intrudes on your thoughts, followed by the furry white presence of the Incubator, tail lashing vigorously behind it.

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] After everyone goes to school, get some distance and deploy the privacy bubble. Check the book of Witches Homura gave us. See in particular if anything might be related to the area the pedestrian accidents happened in. Look for Witches that might appear around this time.
- [x] Run a sweep of warehouse-kun.
- [x] Deal with any and all witches you encounter.
- [x] Do a quick check for potentials on the way.
- [x] If there's nothing of note, go talk to Oriko face to face. Employ the privacy bracelets. Greet Kirika.
- [x] How are you?
- [x] Is it okay to ask some questions?
- [x] Euroguca
- [x] What would happen if we pinged her early to get her to arrive sooner? Are there scenarios where we actively make things worse or drive her off by taking action? Can she (euroguca) and will she help? Any ideas on convincing her to help?
- [x] Potentials
- [x] Other visions
- [x] Sasa Yuuki
- [x] Asunaro
- [x] Feathers
- [x] Telling Sayaka about Oriko
- [x] Small talk with Kirika

\=====​

Oh, here we are again.
