# Anomalous Materials pt. 3

You hack, clearing bile and phlegm from the back of your throat, and spit it to the side.

You touch your Soul Gem with shaking fingers. Deep, bilious purple gathers under the shining, silvery surface, and you draw away a thick rope of Grief. It hangs in the air, roiling eddies of dark, nearly black purple speckled with vomit green and congealed blood red.

A breath in.

You are Sabrina.

A breath out.

Maybe you don't really know who you were. You don't know if there *was* a 'were', or whether that question should be a '*what*'. Some days, you wonder if you aren't Walpurgisnacht or something odd like that. Or perhaps a manifestation of Madoka's Wish.

A breath in.

What you *do* know\...

You're going to save everyone. That's who you *are*. You're going to *break* this entire, lousy system over your knee, and you're going to make things *better* for those who matter to you. Your friends, and *everyone*.

Mami, Homura, Madoka, Sayaka, Kyouko, Hitomi. Masami and Hiroko and Rin and Sakura and even Ono and everyone you've met.

They're your friends.

... Well, you're not sure about Ono, but you're going to save her anyway.

It's why you're *here,* in some ways.

You sigh, forcing your shoulders to ease. You flick your fingers vaguely at the cloud. It collapses, imploding into a handful of marbles.

"*Sabrina?*" Kyuubey asks, tail undulating behind it in slow, sinuous motions.

"I have some Grief to give you," you say, voice remote. You don't like Kyuubey. Madokami alone knows how much you despise the thing. But some part of you thinks, hopes that you can glean something useful from it.

And much as it galls you to admit it - it's arguably the actual Soul expert around here, or if not an *expert*, then more knowledgeable than you.

"*Very well,*" Kyuubey says, turning to present its back to you. The little hatch fades to empty void in clear invitation. The Incubator even moves its tail out of the way, tucking it beneath its haunches.

A wave of your hand pulls your Grief around you. There's *plenty* here, hundreds of dark purple spheres arrayed around you in neat, concentric rings.

With a sigh and a wave of your finger, you send Grief cascading into the hole in Kyuubey's back. You take care to separate the spheres containing your, ah, loot from those you feed to the little white alien - not that those would *fit*, anyway. Gold and cash and your AR-15 and Homura's notebook and ammunition.

You keep your bag full of Grief marbles, of course, though you empty that out a little so it isn't outright *bulging*. Your obrez sits at the bottom of that bag and your lunchbox at the top of the shifting mass of marbles. Eyeing the sheer quantity of Grief you're going to dump, you sigh, and sit crosslegged on the rooftop - it's not like you're particularly worried about dirtying your costume.

The flow is kind of hypnotic to watch, you muse as you prop your chin on your fist. Deep purple, speckled with muted, kaleidoscopic patterns twisting through an endless abyss.

It takes a while for the torrent of Grief flowing into Kyuubey's back to come to an end. You sit back with a sigh, watching as Kyuubey seems to notice the lack of a continued flow of Grief. The alien squirms about on the spot, rolling over to display its belly before hopping to its feet.

"*Thank you, Sabrina!*" Kyuubey says. "*Will you talk to me?*"

You sigh again, considering the little alien. It looks entirely too innocuous for what it is, which is really the point - even knowing that it's a ruthless, manipulative bastard of an alien, you have to admit it looks utterly adorable.

Except for the staring.

That's creepy.

And the ear hoops. Seriously, what's up with those? They're just... hovering there. You vaguely wonder how they work.

Rather than answer its question directly, you start off on a tangent. "You were... distressing Mami earlier, but I am curious what your analysis of Oriko's condition is, if you're willing to share it," you say, leaning forward a little.

"*That's simple,*" Kyuubey answers, stalking around in a little circle with tail lashing at the air. "*However, I'm curious. Was she not your enemy?*"

"She was," you agree. "But she's my prisoner. I have an obligation to fix her." That's technically true. You... honestly, you consider Oriko a friend, at this point, and you'd help her for that alone.

Kyuubey stares at you for a moment. "*The cause of her condition is simple. She's rejecting, consciously or not, her Wish.*"

Your lips tighten a hair. Yeah. That was always a possibility. "Is the pain she's experiencing normal for something like this?" you ask.

"*No,*" Kyuubey responds. "*Different magical girls have different reactions.*"

"And Oriko's pain, and the distortion in her Soul, are caused by the rejection of her Wish?" you persist. You're well and truly mindful of Kyuubey's little word traps. It didn't specifically state causation - it just implied it.

"*Yes,*" Kyuubey states, sitting on its haunches to stare up at you with head tilted slightly to the side.

You meet its eyes in a staring match, clear blue against flat, lifeless red. It's like trying to win a staring contest with a cat.

"*Is there anything else, Sabrina?*" Kyuubey asks.

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] After everyone goes to school, get some distance and deploy the privacy bubble. Check the book of Witches Homura gave us. See in particular if anything might be related to the area the pedestrian accidents happened in. Look for Witches that might appear around this time.
- [x] Run a sweep of warehouse-kun.
- [x] Deal with any and all witches you encounter.
- [x] Do a quick check for potentials on the way.
- [x] If there's nothing of note, go talk to Oriko face to face. Employ the privacy bracelets. Greet Kirika.
- [x] How are you?
- [x] Is it okay to ask some questions?
- [x] Euroguca
- [x] What would happen if we pinged her early to get her to arrive sooner? Are there scenarios where we actively make things worse or drive her off by taking action? Can she (euroguca) and will she help? Any ideas on convincing her to help?
- [x] Potentials
- [x] Other visions
- [x] Sasa Yuuki
- [x] Asunaro
- [x] Feathers
- [x] Telling Sayaka about Oriko
- [x] Small talk with Kirika

\=====​

Apologies for the long delay between updates. I haven't lost motivation to *write*, just that final year uni's been kicking my ass.
