# Anomalous Materials pt. 5

"*Well,*" you say, turning away from the edge of the roof. Other direction. "*First things first-*" you switch smoothly to maghrebi, her dialect of Arabic. "*Hello! Welcome to Mitakihara.*"

You grin. You can *feel* the stunned surprise from the other two people in the chat.

"*You speak darija?*" Nadia asks in the same language, clearly thrown for a loop. "*God, didn't think I'd run into anyone speaking my mother tongue out here. Sabrina isn't a Japanese name, is it?*"

"*Nah,*" you say as you throw yourself off the roof - the location Homura indicated in her notebook isn't really far enough for you to bother flying. "*But yeah, I speak it.*" You switch back to Japanese as you land smoothly on the next roof over, shifting into a sprint without breaking step. "*So, yes. Welcome to Mitakihara. What kind of things have you heard?*"

"*Aaaa, t' usual,*" Nadia responds in her accented Japanese. "*There's rumours of a magical girl who can clean Soul Gems. Only thing is, quite a few people are sayin' t'at.*"

"*Ah... well,*" you say, bounding for the next roof over. "*Um. Yeah, that would be me.*"

"*Really now?*" Nadia asks, voice turning guarded. "*This, I will see for myself.*"

"*It's true, Miss Bennouna,*" Mami chimes in. "*Sabrina can truly cleanse Soul Gems.*"

"*She's not t' first to claim to be able to do so,*" Nadia says, her accent thickening to nigh incomprehensibility as she speaks faster. "*I mean no offens', Sabrina, but there's been cons and wretched tricks for pr'bably 's long as this system's been in place,*fimti?"

"*None taken,*" you respond, weaving around a roof vent. You want to make a good first impression, anyway, even if you were inclined to take offense. "*Though I should hope Mami's word means something.*"

"*Yes,*" Nadia says, obviously forcing herself to speak slowly and intelligibly. "*Dozens of rumours from all around th' area, and Tomoe Mami herself backing it. That's why I'm coming to look instead of, uh, buggering the hell out of the area until the fighting is finished. It never ends well.*"

"*That's... fair,*" you admit. "*Anything juicy from other cities?*"

"*Ah-ah-ah,*" Nadia fires back. "*You know how the game works, no info 'til I trade,*fimti?"

"*I don't, actually,*" you respond amiably. Fimti. Something like 'capsice'. "*I'm mostly new to this.*"

"*Um, well, Miss Bennouna trades information in person only,*" Mami offers. "*And only for Grief Seeds, or an agreement to let her hunt.*"

"*Oh,*" you say, landing smoothly and pushing off again. You're quite proud that you haven't shattered any rooftops yet. "*My apologies, then.*"

"*No offense taken,*" Nadia responds. "*I do this because I need to make a living,* fimti?"

"*Yeah, makes sense,*" you agree.

"*Will we be using the usual rate?*" Mami inquires. "*Three hunts, and one Grief Seed?*"

"*N'aam, yes,*" Nadia agrees.

"*Well,*" you say, pursing your lips for a moment as you stop at the edge of the roof, looking around as you decide which direction to head in. "*I should point out that I *can* cleanse your Soul Gem directly?*"

"*Oh, that's a good point,*" Mami says. "*Miss Bennouna, Sabrina can keep your Soul Gem clean for the duration of your stay here.*"

Nadia pauses thoughtfully. "*How do you say it? Subject to renegotiation.*"

"*Hmm... that's fair,*" you agree. That-a-way, you reckon. You leap off towards your left - that building looks easier to get to.

"*Ah, yes. When will you arrive, Miss Bennouna?*" Mami asks.

"*I will be swinging by Sendai briefly,*" Nadia responds. "*To arrive in Mitaki'ara Sunday morning.*"

"*Sunday morning,*" Mami says. "*Your own accomodations?*"

"*Yes,*" the presumably Moroccan girl respond. "*As usual.*"

"*Understood,*" Mami says briskly. "*Contact us when you arrive, then? Sabrina, do you have anything else?*"

"*Well...*" you say as your prowl along the roofs. "*Not really business, but if you don't mind indulging my curiosity, what's life as a travelling magical girl like?*"

The traveller doesn't respond immediately, falling silent for a while. You bound along the rooftops, hair whipping about your face in the wind of your passage. "*Hard,*" she says. "*Not every magical girl's as nice as Miss Tomoe. I ask for payment first to be sure,*fimti?"

"*Mmm,*" you agree, stopping to look around again. You're in the area where Homura said the Witch would be, but you don't sense anything around. "*How do you get around over that kind of distance, though?*"

"*Flying,*" she responds. "*Budget airlines are *cheap.* I hitch 'ike the rest of the way if I can, or bus, or something.*"

"*Huh, I see,*" you say, leaping for the next roof. You can search around the area a bit, you guess. She doesn't use her magic to get around? Then again, she might not have applicable magic.

"*I like it,*" she says, the verbal equivalent of a shrug. "*I have things to do; I will see you on Sunday.*"

"*Alright, see you,*" Mami says.

"*See you!*" you say. You can feel her 'disconnecting' from the call, leaving you and Mami. "*How are you, Mami?*"

"*I'm alright,*" Mami says, the warmth in her voice a sharp contrast from the businesslike tone she took with Nadia.

"*Good,*" you say, smiling. "*Is your test starting soon?*"

"*Next class,*" Mami says. "*Um...*"

"*Yes, Mami?*" you ask as you spiral steadily outwards.

"*Ah... I shouldn't, but if there's any really hard questions, could I ask you for help?*" Mami asks.

"*Of course, Mami,*" you respond. Maybe she can't see your smile, but hopefully the impression goes through.

"*Thank you,*" Mami says. "*And ah, I didn't know you spoke... um, what was that language?*"

You pause your fruitless search, considering that question. You've covered a fair bit of ground, and you're... not entirely sure of the answer yourself, but it just... came to you. You know it's maghrebi Arabic, also known as Darija, but how you know you can only attribute to the questionable and probably magic related circumstances surrounding your appearance.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Run a sweep of warehouse-kun.
- [x] Deal with any and all witches you encounter.
- [x] Do a quick check for potentials on the way.
- [x] If there's nothing of note, go talk to Oriko face to face. Employ the privacy bracelets. Greet Kirika.
- [x] How are you?
- [x] Is it okay to ask some questions?
- [x] Euroguca
  - [x] What would happen if we pinged her early to get her to arrive sooner? Are there scenarios where we actively make things worse or drive her off by taking action? Can she (euroguca) and will she help? Any ideas on convincing her to help?
- [x] Potentials
- [x] Other visions
- [x] Sasa Yuuki
- [x] Asunaro
- [x] Feathers
- [x] Telling Sayaka about Oriko
- [x] Small talk with Kirika

---​

Hmmmm.
