# Anomalous Materials pt. 6

"*It's Darija,*" you say, looking around again. You'll go and check out warehouse-kun, you think, and see if Mami's idea had any merit. "*Otherwise known as Maghrebi Arabic. It's... among the many, many languages I apparently speak.*"

"*Oh?*" Mami asks, a trace of worry edging her voice.

"*Yeah,*" you say, striding over to the edge of the roof. Grief spheres dissolve, your wings cutting swathes through the sky behind you. "*I... I can speak a lot of languages. Posso parlare italiano!*"

"*Oh,*" Mami says, now sounding more confused than anything. "*I... is this part of your memories?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say as you launch yourself you skywards. "*Um... It just sort of comes naturally to me.*"

"*Oh,*" Mami says. "*I... do you remember anything else, Sabrina?*"

"*No, not at all,*" you admit. You have *ideas* of where you might have come from, but... You don't remember. You don't *know* for sure. "*Just things that I know how to do.*"

"*Ah...*" Mami says. "*I'm sorry.*"

"*No, don't be,*" you say. Wingbeats thunder through the skies behind you as you soar towards the sun - eastwards, to the warehouse. "*Mami... honestly, I'm not that worried. I have a life here, wherever I may have come from. And it's with you, and everyone else.*"

"*Alright,*" Mami whispers. "*I just... I'm worried.*"

"*I know,*" you say. "*I'm here with you, right?*"

"*You are,*" she agrees. "*I... yes. You are.*"

"*Good,*" you say emphatically. "*Now, how are you feeling?*"

Mami seems to take a breath, rallying. "*I... not too bad. What are you doing right now? Um. If I may ask?*"

"*Of course,*" you say firmly. "*And well, I'm going to go out and check on warehouse-kun.*" Your eyes widen. "*Uh-*"

"\*Warehouse-\*kun?" Mami asks.

"*Yeah, um, I've been using this abandoned warehouse for experiments,*" you say, rushing through the words. "*So, well, I nicknamed it warehouse-kun.*"

"*And it's just a warehouse?*" Mami asks.

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*Just a warehouse.*"

"*... oh, Sabrina,*" Mami says fondly. You get the impression she'd be shaking her head at you, were you actually face to face. "*You never change.*"

"*Hey, I wouldn't be me if I weren't a *bit* silly,*" you protest. Privately, you're just glad you seem to have distracted Mami from the thoughts about your facility with language.

"*That's true,*" Mami says.

"*Hmhmmm...*" you muse as you soar eastwards, banking in a lazy curve towards the old industrial district. This early, there aren't any good thermals yet, and you're having to rely a little more on direct Grief impulse rather than actual aerodynamics to gain altitude.

"*Mmm, Sabrina?*" Mami asks.

"*I was just thinking out loud,*" you say. "*Oh! I had a thought - do you think we could make patatas bravas for the picnic tomorrow, maybe?*"

"*Ah... patatas... bravas?*" Mami asks, stumbling over the unfamiliar words.

"*It's Spanish, I think,*" you explain. "*Lightly fried potato, with a savoury and slightly spicy tomato sauce? It's quite simple to make, and talking to Miss Bennouna made me think of it.*"

"*That sounds good,*" Mami says. "*We could try that! Um... Isn't Miss Bennouna Moroccan, though?*"

"*She is,*" you agree as you wing past that one flue stack. It's practically a landmark by now. "*Still!*"

"*... alright, then,*" Mami says. She... sounds better. A touch more cheerful.

"*Mmmm,*" you say, banking a little to the left.

"*Ah, Sabrina?*" Mami asks. "*What are you checking warehouse-*kun* for, anyway?*"

"*Well,*" you say, grinning. "*Remember when you suggested that maybe Witches would be drawn to my experiments? Like calls to like, and all that? I've been mostly doing those at the warehouse, so I thought I should double-check the area.*"

"*I see!*" Mami says. "*Um... be careful if you *do* find any Witches, alright?*"

"*I will,*" you promise. "*I'll be careful.*"

"*Alright,*" Mami says. "*I... should pay attention to class. Be safe, alright?*"

"*I will, Mami,*" you say. "*I'll see you at lunch, OK? Promise. And you can always talk to me.*"

"*See you soon, Sabrina,*" Mami says.

"*See you!*" you respond, closing the call. Reaching the warehouse, you start flying a large, looping spiral over the largely abandoned warehouses and metalyards below. Even up here, you can *smell* the tang of rusting metal in the air, wisping curls of dust trickling over the ground far beneath as a faint breeze stirs.

*Is* there any truth to Mami's idea that the experiments might be drawing in Witches? That would certainly be... unfortunate, especially considering that you've been using the same Witch-stuff at Oriko's house. Hm. Something to consider, maybe. And it'd be a rather worrying trend, if your powers *attract* Witches, an-

Speak of the devil.

You suck in a breath, wings backing air as you draw to a hover. You can feel a Witch... not even three minutes into your search. The abyssal, swirling morass that is a Barrier entrance lurks in what looks like, from where you are, an old metalworks factory.

Hm. It's a Witch... but there's few enough people around here that you could probably afford to leave it alone for now. Or you could just handle it quickly.

**\[] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[x] If there's nothing of note, go talk to Oriko face to face. Employ the privacy bracelets. Greet Kirika.
\-\[x] How are you?
\-\[x] Is it okay to ask some questions?
\-\[x] Euroguca
\--\[x] What would happen if we pinged her early to get her to arrive sooner? Are there scenarios where we actively make things worse or drive her off by taking action? Can she (euroguca) and will she help? Any ideas on convincing her to help?
\-\[x] Potentials
\-\[x] Other visions
\-\[x] Sasa Yuuki
\-\[x] Asunaro
\-\[x] Feathers
\-\[x] Telling Sayaka about Oriko
\[x] Small talk with Kirika

\=====​

Man, it's been a while, hasn't it?
