# Anomalous Materials pt. 7

You hum, considering the Barrier as you hover midair. This *might* be a conglomerate Witch, if Mami's supposition is correct - if Witches are drawn to your powers, then this might be *several* Witches having a grand old ball in a Barrier.

To be honest... you do remember that Mami's hypothesis was in response to *you* not offering an explanation. You do remember that you'd thought perhaps it was because you'd... tranced out making a Barrier of your own. Which might chain into what Oriko said; that Feathers didn't act when you were around.

Ah, well.

You'll play it safe - you *did* promise Mami, and capable of hideously overpowering Witches or not, you're not invincible.

You chew your lip for a moment. Armour, then, just to be absolutely sure. Grief, solid Grief under your control, is very nearly inviolate, and makes for excellent armour. You briefly considered drawing Grief form Elsa Maria for this, but you *do* have well and away sufficient for just a set of armour. It takes far more than that to build your Mobile Oppression Fortress, after all.

Grief spheres dissolve, eddying wisps flowing around you in billowing tendrils. It slides under your coat, solid, dense plates forming around you in a layered, segmented carapace of the same material. No Witch-material, just plain old Grief in its mottled deep purple.

You rap your fingers aganst the Grief, eliciting the dull thud of something vaguely plasticky, before balling your fist and slamming it into your gut. It barely yields, and you hiss in pain, waving your hand in the air. "Ow!"

That probably wasn't your brightest idea. Still, it rather proves the point. Might have been an awkward angle, but you weren't exactly holding back, either, and you *know* you can put holes in solid concrete.

This'll do.

Slowing wingbeats let you drift downwards to the Barrier entrance until you drop lightly to your feet right in front of the gently glowing entrance, with all its endless, painful fractal *depth*.

You dissolve your wings and let it flow away into Grief spheres. Reaching behind your back, you draw forth a silvery warhammer, gleaming in the morning light. A deep breath, and you take a step forward, plunging through the entrance. A moment of jolting distortion, and-

*Witch.*

A shuddering breath, as you steel yourself against that powerfully *wrong* sensation that runs icy fingers down the back of your neck and skirls down your spine.

The heavy tang of salt and rusting iron hits you first, a wet slap to the face only aided by the liquid humidity in the air. The crash of surf fills your ears as you take in the corroding hulk of steel superstructure yawning into the sky. Black, tarry fluid pours and writhes about the towering derrick tower, twisting and churing in living ropes around the metal. Flickering light glares down from above.

Beneath your feet stretches metal plating held in place by rivets, just as rusty as everything else. A rickety, failing railing surrounds the edges of the massive platform, looking very nearly paper-thin from wear. A massive pillar nearly the width of the entire rig, barely visible over the rim of the platform, supports the entire structure.

An oil rig, or a simulcra of one.

You scan about warily, looking for anything that might be out of place, be it Familiars or strange Witch abilities or people or fellow puella magi.

Nothing you can see nor sense in the immediate vicinity.

You venture forward, your senses pricked for the slightest disturbance and hammer held ready at your side. Hm. Speaking of fellow puella magi, you need to go and check on Oriko. And maybe make sure that Ono's still alive under the, ah, gentle ministrations of Masami and Hiroko.

... Hiroko probably wouldn't let Masami do anything too drastic.

Right?

Right.

You hope.

Speaking of Oriko, you vaguely wonder if you could make something of Grief to give predictions. Or maybe a magic 8-ball. You can call it the, uh, Original Raving Informant Killing Opinions device. Though it's really only the *original* if you're being ironic about it. Omniscient Receiver of Information that Kills Options, maybe?

And maybe you should just make a plushy or five. An Oriko one for Kirika, a Kirika one for Oriko, one of yourself for Mami... One of Kyouko for Sayaka? Not that they've even *met* yet.

The metal plating clanks underfoot, shifting on loosened rivets as you prowl into the spidery shadows of the derrick.

Familiar.

You freeze in place, breath stilling in your chest. Behind that wall there, inside what looks like a cabin. You strain your senses, but... It's just the one.

With the head of your hammer, you nudge the door of the cabin open. You freeze again as the squeal of rusted hinges fills the air.

Nothing.

You prowl through the open door, and there's a jolting sense of *distortion*-

You're *elsewhere*, overlooking a huge expanse of grass. You immediately spot a single desk and chair in the middle of the grassy meadows, and the Familiar - a spindly, headless humanoid *thing* wrought of iron girders and wire, brightly coloured fruit packing its starkly metallic ribs in a ghastly imitation of organs, oranges and dragonfruit and lemon and apple and a banana for the liver. The Familiar dozes on the chair.

You take a spinning step forward, the silvery arc of your hammer swooping around you to take the Familiar in its shoulder. It cleaves right through with the shriek of tearing metal, fruit juice splattering across the floor as the thing crumples to the floor in a crash of metal.

You freeze again, straining your senses for the slightest sounds of disturbance.

Nothing.

You eye the Familiar, very nearly bisected by your hammer - *apparently* iron, but with a consistency more befitting plywood than anything. It's splayed the grassy soil in what *would* be a morbid display if it had actual blood and viscera instead of juice and fruit.

You snort softly under your breath. Funny, when you were contemplating the morality of killing... *executing* Kagari.

You shake your head and turn, confonted with the freestanding metal door, hanging ajar. You stalk back through it, and with that same sense of distortion, you're-

*-elsewhere*. You scan warily for any disturbances, looking around - a different part of the same oil rig, it loosk like.

It's quiet. You'd say it's too quiet. And really... it *is*. The only sounds are the churning crash of the sea and the creaking of the superstructure overhead and -

Oh.

There's the Witch.

It's the entire *derrick*. Twin flares of light blaze in the writhing oil far above you, massive, flaming *eyes* staring out over the sea. From this angle, you can barely make out the form of the towering superstucture; a enormous, squatting gargoyle.

Hmm.

It's just a Witch. It won't be hard to kill, though... you haven't exterminated, or even *found* all the Familiars yet.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Sorry about the long delay between updates.
