# Anomalous Materials pt. 8

You sigh. Not enough time to go around - you're burning daylight as it is. And you've been meaning to get to Oriko for a while, just to check in on her.

This particular Witch is big. Huge. You have to crane your neck back to look at it, two car size globs of flaming oil serving for eyes in a face easily the size of the apartment that Mami shares with you.

The bigger they are, the harder they... well, no. This one'll fall like the rest, neither harder nor softer. No time to handle the Familiars - if they come after you, then so be it, you'll deal with them.

You stare up at the Witch, picking out its form. The massive, misshapen head with two flaming eyes, staring out over the distant sea. A nightmarish jigaw of girders worn by the sea and corroded by the passage of faux time outline a bestial pair of shoulders, gnarled and hunched against the elements.

Hm.

You raise one hand, fingers splayed towards the Witch.

You can feel the Witch. Oh, *yes.* Visual metaphor is imperfect, but synesthesia... Grief, active Grief under another's control, glows like a black hole undergoing final evaporation. And you can *taste* the Witch's control, heavy and cloying and metallic and somehow *tangy* in a way that has nothing to do with your tongue.

Instinctual, normal, and *easy*. A moment, a breath to center yourself...

You smile.

Your hand closes into a fist, curled back towards you.

And you tear the Witch apart with a flex of your mind.

You start with the face, snuffing out the flames of its eyes and tearing out entire swathes, rippling across the sky in thick, vicious streamers.

Grief explodes into the air. *Yours* to control and mould. Steel softens and melts like butter under a torch, rusted brown and glints of silver running into the bilious, speckled purple of raw Grief. The massive superstructure of the derricks groans as it buckles and twists.

The waves rise, churned to a froth by the whipping wind. The water crashes impossibly into the sky, a tidal wave about to smash you down.

You turn your attention to it as the water falls and the ice-rimed water vanishes into eddying mists of Grief before it even begins to descend. Billowing clouds wash past you to join the rippling fabric of your rapidly forming wings.

The Witch dies. It doesn't even have time to react, its entire form crumpling like tissue paper in the rain.

You feel it *give*, something almost audibly snapping in your Grief sense. The Barrier ripples, cohesion lost. You sidestep as metal decking crumbles under your feet. You release your wings, the Grief roaring into a whirlpool coalesced around a kernel that is the Grief Seed, precipitated into the world.

Your boots thump on concrete again as the crash of surf fades from around you, once more back in the mouldering old industrial district. And... you frown.

You can feel smaller blobs of Grief skittering away. Familiars - Familiars you didn't catch.

Your wings reform out of your own Grief, the stuff you've been towing around, and you throw yourself skyward. You're already dissolving as many Familiars as you can *reach* -through the walls, some in the sewer pipes below, in the buildings- but they're scattered wide. There are more, frustratingly outside the range of your power.

"Damn it," you hiss under your breath. Your wings pump, and you throw yourself forward, dipping low for a moment to snag the Grief Seed.

You zip along, barely skimming above the rooftops of the dilapidated factories and warehouses as you hunt the Familiars darting away, exterminating them as soon as you can. The Grief under your control balloons as sandy yards and mouldering rooftops whip by beneath you.

Finally, you come to a halt, pulling into a lazy hover nearly a kilometer away from where you'd started. You've gotten all you can, you think - if any escaped, they're well away by now. Tsk.

You sigh, slow wingbeats thundering over the industrial district. You've covered a good bit of ground chasing Familiars, and... you hadn't seen any Witches.

Fine then.

Strengthening wingbeats lift you higher, and you climb in a wide spiral over the sky. You've spent enough time here - you'll go and see Oriko and Kirika.

Mitakihara rolls by beneath you, intermingled dense greenery and apartment blocks of the suburbs giving way to the towering monoliths of the skyscrapers. You skim past downtown Mitakihara, closing your eyes and rolling over to let the sun warm your face for a moment.

It feels like it's been a long day already, and it's barely started. Still, you killed a Witch, so there's that. Speaking of which, you should probably check in with Mami.

"*Mami?*" you reach out across the distance.

"*Sabrina! How are you? Are you alright?*" Mami asks, rapidfire and anxious.

"*Yeah, I'm just fine,*" you answer as you flip back over. You muse briefly on the fact that you shouldn't be able to actually *fly* upside down like that, aerodynamically speaking, but then again. Magic is such bullshit. "*Killed the Witch cleanly. How are*you?"

"*I'm good. I'm moving to my next class right now,*" Mami says, voice brightening. "*And... I'm glad you're alright, Sabrina.*"

"*It's test time, right?*" you ask, smiling despite yourself.

"*It is,*" Mami confirms.

"*Well, hang in there,*" you say. "*You can do it!*"

"*Ah... well, I have your help,*" Mami says. "*Of course I can.*"

"*Mmm,*" you say, not really willing to disagree. "*Feeling confident?*"

"*I suppose so,*" Mami says, sounding, if not the exact opposite of confident, then at least somewhat dubious.

"*OK,*" you say. "*And you know I'm here, right?*"

"*I do,*" Mami says. "*Thank you, Sabrina.*"

"*Mmm,*" you agree. "*Anyway... no real point saying bye, when really, we're both right here, yeah?*"

Mami's voice brightens a little. "*Alright.*"

You lapse into a comfortable silence after that as you approach Oriko's house. You spend a moment to muse briefly -hah, *brief*ly- on the fact that despite Kirika's kriticism, well, the girls from Asunaro *do* have pants. Two of them do, anyway, albeit more of hotpants than actual, proper pants.

Hm.

Does Kirika *really* have any place to criticize when her puella magi costume has, essentially, biker shorts?

You shake your head, pulling up out of a shallow dive before hitting the ground in Oriko's backyard. You back air a little and drop the last few meters to land in a low crouch, looking around the roses. They're starting to grow unkempt.

You click your tongue, looking around. No one's come out to greet you, but you can feel Oriko and Kirika upstairs. They're asleep, at a guess. You squint at your phone. It's only nine thirty.

... Well, you could let yourself in. It's not like a glass door is hard to unlatch from the outside, not with Grief to help you. Certainly you've got a laundry list of questions to ask Oriko. Could let them be, too, and do something else.

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] If there's nothing of note, go talk to Oriko face to face. Employ the privacy bracelets. Greet Kirika.
- [x] How are you?
- [x] Is it okay to ask some questions?
- [x] Euroguca
  - [x] What would happen if we pinged her early to get her to arrive sooner? Are there scenarios where we actively make things worse or drive her off by taking action? Can she (euroguca) and will she help? Any ideas on convincing her to help?
- [x] Potentials
- [x] Other visions
- [x] Sasa Yuuki
- [x] Asunaro
- [x] Feathers
- [x] Telling Sayaka about Oriko
- [x] Small talk with Kirika

\=====​

Whoops. Looks like this vote gets put on pause again.
