# Anomalous Materials pt. 9

Well... they're asleep. Which means it's the perfect time to pull a prank on them.

You chew on your lip, looking up at the house - the *mansion*.

And doesn't *that* give you an idea?

You look back down at yourself contemplatively. If you were to get rid of the longcoat, which is easy enough... that leaves you in pants, is the problem.

Hmmm. An apron, you definitely need an apron, preferably a frilly one, and honestly, you need a skirt. You chew on the inside of your cheek. Hm. You could try and raid Oriko's house and see if there's an apron and skirt that'll fit you. You could probably fit into something of Oriko's. It'd be a little loose, but that should work.

Or... You smack your head. You should be able to change your costume, right? You think? And besides, raiding a friend's closet isn't very nice.

You let your eyes fall closed, attention turning inwards. Your costume is a part of your magic. It's something that comes with the territory, and why the hell shouldn't you have control over it?

Slow breaths, as you reach through the recesses of your mind, hunting and searching. What else is in here? What abilities have you missed, what revelations lie hidden? What thoughts unthought?

The cloth crawls over your shoulders. With an effort of your mind, you shift the fabric, feeling it re-weave itself into lacy frills. A huge white bow ties itself just below the small of your back, long tails trailing behind you to brush against your legs. A slight breeze winding its way between your calves as your pants give way to a skirt - not too short. You have your dignity, after all.

What dignity is *left* after this prank, anyway.

Eh, who needs dignity, anyway.

... the skirt's still not going too much past your knees.

And the finishing touches - a white, ruffled apron, and an equally ruffled headress thing to top off the whole ensemble.

You open your eyes to look down at yourself - a pristine white half-apron, cinched tight around your waist with a flowing white ribbon. A dress of your usual blue, trimmed out with little bits of dark grey here and there, gives way to ruffled, white sleeves covering your upper arms. Your hair isn't *quite* long enough to tie off a pair of braids, but really, close enough.

You take a brief moment to contemplate Mami's reaction to *this*, before shaking your head with a giggle.

Maybe someday.

You crack your knuckles. Right then.

*Breakfast*. You know for a fact that their kitchen's fairly well stocked, so you make a beeline straight for that. You're midway through preparing a more traditional Japanese breakfast -Oriko would probably appreciate that- when Mami's voice sounds inside your head.

"*Ah, Sabrina?*" she asks, voice soft and anxious.

"*Yup, Mami?*" you ask, turning away from the steaming pot of miso soup to check on the rice.

"*Um... how would pollution interact with fluvial transport?*" Mami asks.

"*Oh. Uh...*" you say, scratching at the headdress as you try to recall the information. It *itches*. "*Uh. I'd say... it'd be present as all three parts of sediment transport - dissolved load for the soluble chemicals, especially things like fertilizer that cause algal blooms, or lead ions and stuff.*"

"*Ah, yes,*" Mami agrees. "*And, um, suspended and bed load for bigger particulates?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say, starting to load up a tray with an array of cutlery and breakfast foods. "*That's what they do, mmm?*"

"*Right,*" Mami agrees. "*Thank you, Sabrina.*"

"*Anytime, Mami,*" you say warmly.

"*Alright,*" she says. "*I'll... focus a bit here?*"

"*You don't need to ask me,*" you say. You squint at the tray, running a finger along your collar. For all that the costume *should* be perfectly tailored to you, it just sits oddly on you. "*I'll be here, yeah?*"

"*Alright,*" she says again, falling silent.

Gathering up the tray, you start upstairs. Oriko and Kirika's door is closed, and the both of them are still asleep by the feel of it in your Grief sense. And by the *sound* of it, too - you can *hear* the snoring from behind the solid oak door. How Oriko sleeps through it, you have no idea.

The closed door's easily handled with a bit of Grief, moulding around the handle to nudge it open. You follow the door into the spacious bedroom, carefully manuvering the tray ahead of you.

You take a moment to grin at the sleeping couple on the bed, Kirika curled around Oriko. The black haired girl seems to be mumbling to herself in her sleep, lips curled into a faint smile and limbs coiled around her girlfriend like a particularly affectionate octopus. On the bedside table sit their Soul Gems, side by side with the clear Seed balanced next to them. Kirika's stuffed toy sits behind the Gems, a looming, protective presence.

Pursing your lips, you eye the slumbering pair before backing up a few steps. Grief flows into the doorway to form a rough facsimile of the ajar door - a second door, fitted into the space of the existing one. You back up another step.

You take a deep breath.

And then - you *charge*.

Grief and careful balance keeps the tray steady.

You slam through the door, letting it bounce off the wall with a resounding crash.

"GOOD MORNING, SLEEPYHEADS," you bellow, loud enough to bounce off the walls and rattle the windows.

Eyes flare wide, one pair bright orange and the other sea green.

Kirika jackknives off the bed, her entire body uncoiling like a lithe, twisting spring. Light glints off her claws, her face distorting into a snarl as she soars clear across the room in an inhumanly powerful leap.

"Kirik-"

There's just enough time for her eyes to widen before she crashes into you.

The next few seconds are a confused mess of tumbling and yelling and a knee in your face and soup splashing and an elbow in your gut.

You groan, staring up at the ceiling. There's a glob of *rice* up there. "OK, I could have thought that out better," you observe, wincing at the dull ache in your stomach. And it's a good thing puella magi don't really bruise, or you'd have a *beautiful* shiner.

"Owwwww," Kirika agrees, sprawled across you in a loose heap that painful, recent experience tells you contains about three elbows and five knees too many. Good thing she actually managed to pull her claws aside.

"So," you say, staring in fascination at the lump of rice. "I was gonna offer you both breakfast in bed, but that plan's kind of shot. I prepared extra, at least."

"Good morning, Sabrina," Oriko says. You can hear the rustle of cloth as the seer gets off her bed. Footsteps pad over to you, and Kirika's tugged off you. Oriko hugs Kirika with her one arm - the other's a little better than a stump now, but still nowhere near fully healed.

You remain on the floor, watching as the rice slooooowly detaches from the ceiling and plops square onto Oriko's head.

The seer flinches, her eyes going wide. Kirika giggles, sweeping the rice clear with a few brisk pats.

You sit up, running your finger along your collar and tugging to loosen it. Ugh. It itches, and the warm soup steadily soaking through the cloth to form a damp, sticky patch against your skin doesn't help.

"Ugh," you say.

Kirika unwinds herself from Oriko and glances over, finally looking at you properly before returning to flicking bits of rice off herself. It takes her a moment for what she just saw to sink in, and her head snaps back to you. "Is that a maid outfit?" she asks.

"Nooooooyeeeessssssss?" you say.

Kirika gives your costume a long, thoughtful look before turning back to the girl at your side. "Orikoooooo- Oriko?" the playful tone abruptly vanishes from her voice.

You glance up.

"My visions didn't warn me," the seer whispers, swaying as she raises one hand to her temple. Her eyes are huge and shocked.

Kirika pulls her into a wordless hug. "Y-your power?" she whispers.

"Going," she whispers. "They're weakening."

In your Grief senses, the glowing, otherworldly *fire* of Oriko's Soul Gem is as *bright* as ever, but the tense knot tied of her magic is an ever tightening loop, clenching tight into a point.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Oh. Well then.
