# Anomalous Materials pt. 10

Your jaw tightens for a moment. Damn it.

You dismiss the frustration with a breath, blowing it out hard and fast as you force a smile to your face. A little strained, perhaps, but a smile nonetheless.

"OK, OK," you say, holding your hands up. "Girls, *stop*. Don't panic."

Oriko shivers, arms hanging limp and eyes closed as Kirika hugs her closer. Stark, unthinking terror's written on the seer's face. Kirika's gaze cuts to you, worry and dismay etched into the lines of her expression. "Sabrina?"

"I know what's going on," you say, keeping your voice steady as you meet Kirika's eyes. "OK? And we can fix this. We *will* fix this."

Oriko shakes her head, eyes closed. "I- without my powers, I'm nothi-" she whispers. Her head tosses blindly, frantically rejecting the idea. "I'll be *lost*."

"No, no no," Kirika whispers frantically, hugging Oriko closer. "No, you won't be. I'll be here, I *will*."

"It's not going to happen," you say, stepping forward to touch Oriko's shoulder. "OK? Oriko, *I know what's happening*." You're not lying. You *hope* you're not lying.

The seer's shoulder shakes under your hand, nearly flinching away from you. "I-" she swallows hard, obviously choking back panic. "Make the, the bracelets, the ones that stop *it* from hearing."

You nod slowly. You'd been meaning to do that, anyway, and... you suspect they could do with a moment alone. "OK. OK, I'll do that," you say, thinking furiously. "Kirika, help Oriko clean up, and I'll clean up and serve breakfast downstairs, OK? I'll get the bracelets ready."

Kirika nods rapidly, arms tightening around Oriko.

You sigh, squeezing Oriko's shoulder again in silent reassurance before turning to gather up the spilled breakfast. You give the couple as much room as you can as Kirika croons wordless encouragement into Oriko's ear, calming her down. Padding silently out of the room, you scratch at the collar of your maid outfit. A quick transform back to your normal clothes and back again restores it to pristine condition.

It still itches, though.

By the time the couple descend the stairs, you've set up breakfast on the table and fielded another quick question from Mami. A bracelet sits beside each bowl of rice, and there's one more, by itself. Privacy bracelets made with Grief - one for each of you. Glancing up at them, you smile. Oriko looks, if not calm, then calm*er*. Kirika gives you a worried smile as she ushers Oriko towards the chair.

"Breakfast is served, Lady Mikuni, Lady Kure," you say, stepping to one side and bowing properly, with your hands flat against your thighs.

Hey, what's dignity in the face of keeping spirits up?

You manage to elicit a weak, grateful smile from Kirika, and a *look* from Oriko.

You sigh, waving at the table. "Anyway. We can talk over breakfast?" you suggest, snagging one of the bracelets and sliding it on.

Oriko grabs another bracelet and slips it onto her wrist immediately, the endless fractal patterned Grief contrasting with the gleaming gold ring on her hand.

You pull a chair out and sit down. You've already eaten, and while puella magi... *probably* can't get fat, Kyouko being all the proof you'll ever need, you've already eaten breakfast. You smile at Kirika as she drops into the last chair, before scooting it over to sit beside Oriko. Reverently, Kirika places two gleaming Soul Gems on the table, adding Aurora's clear Seed to form the last point of a triangle.

The seer doesn't eat, keeping her eyes closed.

You exhale. "Alright, s-"

"Shh!" Kirika cuts you off, waving her hands at you.

You blink at Kirika, before turning to Oriko, who still has her eyes closed, brow furrowed in concentration.

Idly, you take a look at Aurora's Seed, observing it. As before, it broods, a quiet, *living* speck of abyssal darkness hanging within the crystal structure of the Grief Seed. It doesn't seem to do anything more than push, weakly, against your mind as you observe it.

Finally, Oriko's nostrils flare minutely, and she begins speaking, low and rapid.

"Shizuki Hitomi will not become a magical girl." She exhales sharply. "There is a travelling magical girl, her name is... Bennouna Nadia." Oriko stumbles over the unfamiliar name, but presses on gamely. "If you talk to her and demonstrate your powers she will carry the news to other countries."

"Oriko," you say, gently interrupting the tumbling flow of words. "I appreciate it, I do. But-"

"Let me finish, I might not have a *chance* to later," Oriko hisses between gritted teeth. "The... magical girl specialising in soul magic will be here in a week. It doesn't matter what you tell Miss Bennouna." Her lips compress together for a moment. "Do not... do not ask her about her sister."

She pauses, frown deepening over her closed eyes. "They... the other magical girls, a fair number of them, start trickling in unless you ask Miss Bennouna not to spread the word," she says, mouth twisting into a grimace as she waves a hand. "Things get messy. More magical girls means... more friction. I- there are so *many*, I can't see a clear way through."

Oriko exhales slowly. "Those are the, the big things," she says. "That I can see."

"OK," you say, filing the thoughts away for later contemplation. "OK. I... maybe we'll come back to those later, but... Oriko, how do you feel, first of all? No pain? Anything odd? Also, uh, breakfast is getting cold."

"Other than the waning of my powers?" Oriko smiles bitterly, prompting a sidelong hug from Kirika. "No. The enchanted ring works perfectly. Pass my compliments to Miss Tomoe, if you think it appropriate. And thank *you*."

"Right," you agree, filing *that* away for later, too. "OK. So..." You wave your hand in the air. "Oriko, you remember about your Soul... twisting into a loop, right? It's still doing that, tightening even further."

Kirika pokes tentatively at her breakfast, grabbing a bit of rice with her chopsticks and offering it to Oriko, who obediently eats it without taking her eyes off you.

Oriko nods. "I remember. Is there anything in particular there?"

You sigh, though your lips can't help but quirk up a little as an emboldened Kirika starts feeding Oriko, stealing bites for herself. "Oriko... look, Kyuubey came by again, and I let it talk at me," you say. "I'm pretty sure it's trying to provoke *some* kind of reaction from me, but it confirmed that it's happening because you're rejecting your Wish."

"Rejecting my Wish?" Oriko blinks, taken aback.

"Yeah," you say. "There's far more to your life tha-"

Oriko cuts you off, surprised expression turned to displeasure. "I'm doing what I *can*," she snaps. Kirika flinches, pulling back the chopsticks. "Unless you propose to let me *free*, which I don't believe Akemi Homura will be very happy with."

"No, not that," you say. "It... look, Oriko, when I said Kyuubey confirmed it for me, I meant exactly that - confirmed, not *told* me. I... I believe, and I've believed for a while, that you're not interpreting what your Wish is trying to tell you correctly."

"How *else* am I supposed to interpret my visions?" Oriko hisses. "Endless ways for things to go wrong, endless ways for me, for *us* to die and to fail?"

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] There's far more to her life than trying to save the World and dying. Far, far more.
- [x] Ask: What's most important for you, Oriko?
- [x] Try to get Kirika's opinion on what she thinks should be the most important thing in Oriko's life. Prod her, if she tries to dodge the question or tries to go along with whatever Oriko says without making an effort.

- [x] If at any point disscussions tank, apologize and leave, but tell Oriko one more thing before you do so.
- [x] We believe it might be possible to save Oriko's life, even if it costs her her power. We'd consider this a success. We'd much rather keep our friend alive than worry about whether she can tell the future or not.

---​

If you ever wondered about *how* I thought I could do PMAS: Run Away to the US Edition...

Also, this is a pause in the post if you want to refine your approach/ask any questions.
