# Anomalous Materials pt. 11

"Oriko," you say, voice clear and sharp as you lean back in your chair. "Your visions are a tool granted by your Wish, not the Wish itself. You *know* what your Wish was, Oriko, and you should know what you intended when you made it."

*You* know what her Wish was, too. 'I want to learn the meaning of my life! This is my wish. This is my prayer. Fulfill it, Kyuubey!'

Just the same as the rest of your esoteric collection of knowledge. You know. But you don't know *how* you know. It simply *is*, knowledge bubbling up within your mind.

Oriko gapes at you, perfect, stately poise cracked by outrage. "I *know* what I've seen," she hisses. "I've seen it all fall apart. I've *seen* open conflict in Mitakihara. I've seen *everyone* die. Everyone but *you*."

You sigh. "Oriko, you are *more* than your visions," you say, folding your arms. Beside Oriko, Kirika's eyes dart between the two of you as she shifts to cuddle into Oriko's side, slipping one arm around the seer's waist. "I stand by what I said. Your visions are a tool, a means to an end. What is that end?"

"Saving the world," Oriko snaps.

... yeah, you walked right into that one.

You exhale, blowing out a sharp breath. "Oriko, look," you say, rubbing at your forehead. "OK, fine. I'm not exactly going about this the best way, but my point is, the point I've been trying to make is, your visions are a tool. They're *useful*, yes. But *you* are more important than just your powers."

"I will give my life to save the world," Oriko hisses, eyes narrowing at you. Kirika makes a distressed little noise, tightening her hug around the seer.

"That's *beside* the point," you counter, eyes narrowing. "Oriko, *you matter*. I *know* you would. Just as much as I *know* you don't *want* to die. Nor do you *want* to lose your powers."

"I don't," Oriko agrees, eyes narrowing. "Do you have a point to make?"

"Oriko, you matter more than as a crystal ball," you snap. There's really two issues here, you muse to yourself. Oriko's fatalism, and her fear of losing her powers, all tangled up in one twisty ball of yarn probably informed by her father's ignomnous fall from grace. "You matter as a person, as *someone to be loved*, to Kirika."

"Leave her out of this." Oriko bristles, closing her working arm protectively around the other girl.

"Oriko, it's relevant," you say, folding your arms. "She loves you. Am I wrong? Either of you?"

Silence.

You let it stretch for a heartbeat. "You matter to me as a friend," you murmur. "I might be a meddling do-gooder who can't stop herself from interfering, but I do think I've got good intentions and enough knowledge to *do* good."

Kirika tucks herself a little more soundly into Oriko's arms, nestling closer with an unhappy little noise.

"Oriko," you say gently, leaning forward on the table and meeting Oriko's eyes. "The point I want to make, the point I've always been trying to make, is that *you* are more than your visions, and your Wish is more than your visions."

Oriko closes her eyes, expression tired. "Then *what?* My powers are going, and I'm going to *die*. Not now, but... soon."

"As we've established, Oriko," you say, a crooked smile tugging at your mouth. "I *do not* accept that. Between keeping you alive and healthy, or keeping your powers... what do you think *I* would choose? I mean-" you shrug. "-I'll be honest. I have no idea if it's an either or, or maybe a logical or, but given the choice..."

"I know," she mutters, exhaling with her eyes still closed. "You've made your position abundantly clear."

"You don't *want* to lose your powers, do you?" you ask. "You don't *want* to die."

Oriko doesn't respond immediately. Then finally, in a whisper - "I don't. You know I don't."

"Good," you say. "That's a start."

"Blind optimism only goes so far," Oriko counters. "Sabrina, I *gave up hoping* because it's *easier*. It's just... easier for everyone to just... accept it."

You lean back in your chair again, propping it up on the two rear legs as you stare up at the ceiling. Fatalism. That's certainly one way of dealing with things - denial, bargaining, anger, depression, acceptance, and all that lovely stuff. This would be *acceptance*, if you're rolling with that. And *you're* solidly in the denial phase, of course.

If there *is* any to deny, of course. You're not convinced *fate* is so set in stone.

Rage, rage against the dying of the light and all.

You contemplate the idea of more puella magi coming to Mitakihara - if anything, they're going to descend in a *swarm*. Maybe you could ask Nadia to not tell as many people, and maybe it would work... but word spreads.

"You know, Oriko," you murmur contemplatively at the somewhat dusty ceiling. If you were actually a maid, you would do something about that. And the cobwebs in the corner. "I might not be a seer, but... I might be a bit of a clairvoyant." You shrug. "Certainly I know things I shouldn't. I dunno for sure. But well... I've told you about another Oriko, one who found her own answer."

You pop upright on the chair, riding it as it slams back down on four legs, the loud crash startling Kirika. "Just an idea, to start with. I could tell you about her."

Oriko opens her eyes to stare at you, sea green eyes meeting yours. "And hope that I can learn from another me and that everything changes for the better with just a story?" She shakes her head. "Sabrina, you're not that naive."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

*Ouch.*
