# Anomalous Materials pt. 12

"Probably not," you agree. "Though some days I wonder. In any case... Even if I might be naive... are you *really* one to talk, Miss Save-the-world?"

She rocks back a little, outrage flickering across her face even as you press the attack.

"We're all naive in some ways. We're all hopeful about some things. I just happen to be more hopeful in general," you say, leaning forward on the table to give your words emphasis, pulling your chair up a little. "Easier, though?" you ask, voice dropping to something between a growl and a snarl.

"*Easier*? That, Oriko-" your eyes narrow to slits, annoyance bubbling. To be honest, love Kirika she might - but here and now, she's insulting their relationship and Kirika herself. "Is you dying *easier* for Kirika? Or any of the people who owe you their lives?"

Oriko falls silent, her eyes dipping to the table.

"I-it's not," Kirika whispers, voice shaking as she wraps herself around the seer a little tighter. "It's not it's not it's not. I don't want you to die, Oriko, I don't want you to."

"I-" Oriko's voice catches in her throat, her hand closing over Kirika's. "I know."

You exhale, annoyance dying, drained away. You can't exactly sustain it, in the face of *that*. "You don't want to. Kirika doesn't want you to. *I* don't want you to," you say, voice steely. You keep your gaze on Oriko, icy blue eyes unyielding even if she doesn't meet them. "You don't have to. It's never hopeless, and I am never going to give up on you." You flick your eyes over to Kirika. "Neither is Kirika."

Kirika nods. "I won't," she agrees, voice steady and clear for a moment before it cracks. "O-Oriko, please."

"You are worth fighting for," you say.

It's that simple.

Perhaps, once, you thought her your enemy.

That was then, this is now.

"And it hurts to see you give up on yourself," you tell Oriko. "Because you don't *have* to die. Giving up means it's *over*. Giving up means *losing*. I can't and I *won't give up.*"

"I know you won't give up," Oriko says, looking tired.

"Mmmmm," you agree. "I know I'm hammering the point hard, Oriko. But I want *you* to understand where *I'm* coming from. And Kirika, you won't give up either, will you?"

The black haired girl shakes her head.

"There you have it. And, well, to be honest, Oriko... I reckon that people like you and me..." you smirk a little, a wry little quirk of your lips. "I reckon that we're here because we're meant to beat the odds. This isn't an anime, no. But cliché or not, there *is* hope - for *everyone*. That includes *you,* Oriko."

"We've... We've already beaten the odds," Kirika whispers. "O-Oriko. We have."

"Yeah," you agree, jumping on the point. "I mean, you're still here, right?"

Oriko sighs. "It's not the same."

"Why not?" you say. "You were so convinced you'd die. And you didn't." Your smirk strengthens a little. "Again -and I'll say it as many times as I need to- you are worth fighting for. What you're going through, what we're facing... none of it's insurmountable."

She sighs again, but doesn't contradict you.

You nod slowly. "I'm going to tell you about that other Oriko," you say. "And maybe it won't let you come to an epiphany, just like that - but maybe it will."

Oriko shrugs with one shoulder. Nevertheless, she straightens a little and meets your eyes. Kirika looks up at you too, faint curiosity peeking through her worry.

Absently, you check your privacy rings - all three of them are still glowing in your senses, perfectly functional. "About a week from now, or perhaps a little more," you murmur. "One night, you'll be out wandering a public park, because you didn't want to be home alone."

"Alone?" Oriko asks, voice toneless.

Your turn to shrug. "That you hadn't gotten Kirika to live with you."

"Ah," Oriko says. "That's... disappointing." There's something in her eyes that tells you that she *knows* exactly why that other her wouldn't have wanted to be at home without Kirika in it.

She'd found her father's body after he'd hung himself.

"Perhaps," you say, shaking those thoughts free. "But then... you meet a little green haired girl in the park - perhaps *you* know her."

"Chitose Yuma," Oriko murmurs. "Miss Sakura's current protégé."

"That's her," you agree. "You talk it out a bit. The next day, you have a vision of her dying. Her heart simply giving out from the chronic abuse her shitstain of a mother heaped upon her." And if your voice is a bit more biting than it usually is, who could blame you?

Not Kirika, listening with hopeful, worried eyes

Not Oriko, barely breathing as she watches you.

"So you saved her," you say. "And there was a magical girl, Sasa Yuuki, from Kasamino. She comes after the territory here, and... you and Kirika fight her off. And in doing so, in protecting each other..." You smile at Oriko. "You unlock your powers fully. Fighting wholeheartedly. You go on to fight Walpurgisnacht."

"And, I presume, we die," Oriko says. She shakes her head. "I don't see how that was supposed to help."

You purse your lips, considering the matter. The fact is, you could tell her, in as many words, what that *other* Oriko's realisation was. You just don't know whether it'd do any good.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Mmmm. Uncertainty all around.
