# Anomalous Materials pt. 13

You shrug, searching your memories. You... *remember* them ready to face Walpurgisnacht, but... You *don't* remember the outcome of that fight. "Maybe they did, maybe they didn't," you say. "I honestly don't know. My.. clairvoyance, weird alternate timeline knowledge, whatever, doesn't tell me what happened after that."

Oriko nods, expression tired, shoulders set. Not all that different from before. Simple, fatalistic acceptance that you're... unfortunately familiar with, from her.

"That's not the point, though," you say. "Really, it isn't."

"I know the point you're trying to make," Oriko says, meeting your eyes. "That if I can simply try to, to *think* like that other me, I'd be fine. That's... that's not how people work."

You sigh. "Not quite," you say. "The *point* is that that version of Oriko had better odds against Walpurgisnacht than you do. She could shoot frigging lasers, and she wasn't crippled by her own magic. She used her visions - they didn't use *her*. And whatever happened, *if* you died, you died together, with no regrets."

"Sabrina..." Kirika sits up a little, frowning at you.

Oriko's jaw sets. "I'm *sorry* I'm not as '*awesome*' as my other self," she growls.

You frown. "Oriko," you say. "You know me. You know *me*. That's not what I'm trying to say at all."

"It *sounds* like you are," Oriko snaps.

You press your lips together. "Oriko," you say. "I *wouldn't do that.* My point is-"

Oriko interrupts you, slapping her hand to the table and half rising. Kirika starts to stand by her side. "That I'm not good enough, I'm not *determined* enough-"

You remain seating - but you interrupt *her*. "No," you say, cutting across her speech. "You are. You *are*, Oriko. *That* is the point I want to make. You were happy then - you can be happy *now*."

Oriko opens her mouth to say something, but you cut her off with a sharp, slicing motion of your hand. "*Listen to me, Oriko*," you snap, voice rising just a hair. Kirika bristles, her mouth pulling into an unhappy jag - but you have a point to make.

You power into the silence, staring them down. "Fate *isn't written in stone*", you snarl. "We're magical girls, for goodness' sake - we make the impossible *possible*. You *know* that!"

When the seer glances up at you, something dark and sullen blazes in her eyes and the twist of her lips. "Are you going to let me talk?"

You sigh. "Go ahead, Oriko," you say. "Look, I'm not trying to demoralise you. Quite the opposite. So... Go on."

"I am not her. I am not my other self," Oriko says, her voice a low, bitter thing. "Perhaps you are right; the potential exists. I will grant that." She meets your gaze steadily. "But it is *hard* to be optimistic when I can see the future and all I see is *death*. Maybe you're correct. This... *isn't* the meaning of my life."

She takes a breath, jaw tightening. "Perhaps. But it's hard to *see what it is* when all I see is *death* and *failure*. And soon I won't even see *that*."

"That's not true in the slightest," you counter. "Oriko, what were the odds? After you burned down Sayaka's house, that we'd just... drop out of thin air and stop you, right there? Just because you don't see a way to survive doesn't mean that we can't *make* one."

Oriko's nostrils flare. "There *isn't* one," she hisses. "For all your pretty speeches, you don't *have* a solution."

"I have one," you counter. "But the solution needs to come from you, as trite as it sounds. *You* need to realise-"

"-the meaning of my life, yes, I've heard it already," Oriko cuts you off, glaring at you.

"I've proven your visions wrong," you say, folding your arms. The fabric of your sleeves pull uncomfortably at your elbows. "I've proven your visions wrong, and *you've* proven your visions wrong. You see possible outcomes. You of all people should know how many people 'should' have died by now. You've *fought* fate-"

"I fight it where it isn't *inevitable*," Oriko hisses. "When every path I might tread doesn't lead to an *end*."

"And they *don't*," you insist, frustration bleeding into your tone. "I've proven your visions wrong, and you've *countered* your own visions. They're not infallible, and they're *leading you down a dead end.* We've already stacked the deck against Walpurgisnacht -and whatever more is to come- to a degree greater than it already *has*."

You jab your finger at Oriko. "Do you want to talk about *visions*, Oriko?" you demand. "I've seen it destroyed. I've seen Walpurgisnacht destroyed, and *no one had to die for it*."

Oriko's expression sets hard. "Then so be it," she says. "I think I've heard everything you have to say. And I think you can leave."

Kirika's orange eyes go wide, shocked, as her head snaps around to stare at her girlfriend. "Oriko..." she says.

"Kirika, we're just going in circles," the seer says, raising her hand to cover Kirika's.

"No," Kirika says, shaking her head. "No. No, Oriko, I t-think... this is a mistake."

Oriko groans, her head lolling back with eyes closed. "Sabrina. Please," she whispers. "Just... leave me alone for a while. We can talk more later. If that's alright, Kirika?"

"I-" Kirika shakes her head. "I don't... I... it feels like that's a mistake, Oriko."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Oh dear.
