# Anomalous Materials pt. 16

Tsk. The one question you can't give an enthusiastic yes to, much as you'd like to. Well, maybe not the *one* question, but... much as you'd like to, you *can't* give Kirika a clear answer here.

"I... yeah," you say. "I'll try. Mami's already starting to warm up to you, I think. Homura, on the other hand..." You exhale slowly, thoughtfully, as you mull over letting Kirika know. It *would* be a betrayal of trust, or at least, Homura could see it that way.

You don't want that.

Not just because she's an incredibly powerful magical girl, one of very few on the planet who could reliably kill you, but because...

She's your friend.

You don't want to betray her trust.

"Sabrina?" Kirika prompts.

"I'm thinking," you respond. You... Oriko already knows. She said as much, practically the second time you'd met her. And so does Kirika, really, it came up in casual conversation.

So you're not really betraying Homura's trust, really.

Right.

"She's been hurt, badly, by other versions of you," you say, voice soft. There's no one around who might hear, who *could* hear, with your privacy bracelets up, but it still feels strange to say it, out here in the open. "I'll work on it, but... yeah."

You debate briefly with yourself about using an analogy. Madoka is Homura's Oriko. That'd probably contextualise it perfectly for Kirika, and then again... Oriko might know, but you're not sure if you *should* use that comparison.

Regardless, Kirika nods. "Gotcha," she says, fang poking out of a weary grin she directs your way. "Do your best?"

"Of course," you agree.

"Anyway," Kirika says, sliding to the end of the bench and hopping to her feet. "Should be getting back to *my* oujo."

"What's that supposed to mean?" you ask, swinging your legs over the bench and standing. "Though, uh, I wanted to talk to Oriko about some other stuff, too."

Kirika shrugs. "I have an oujo, you have an oujo," she says, bouncing on her feet as she looks up at the sky. "What d'you want to talk to her about?"

"It's not like that, Kirika," you say patiently. Not like *what*, your traitorous mind can't help but muse. And *are* you not? "And I wanted t-"

"No, hold up a sec," Kirika says, eyes snapping to you and vibrant sharpness infusing her voice. "Listen. 'Not like that.' Not like *what*? Yeah, maybe you two aren't girlfriends. That doesn't matter. Like, the way you support her, and she supports you, and..." She waves her hand. "Yeah. Love her. You got that?"

Wide citrine eyes stare unblinkingly at you, her body wired and taut. You're suddenly aware that over the course of her little tirade, she'd closed the distance to you, and even if she's shorter than you, it doesn't diminish the fact she could probably gut you before you react.

You'd *survive* it, of course, but it would hurt. Best buddy she might be, but in Oriko's words, she's... quirky.

"Yeah," you say. "Yeah, I got it."

"Cool," she says, stepping back. The manic intensity dissolves like a storm breaking, melting into a smile. "So, what did you want to ask Oriko?"

You blink, exhaling. "Well..." you say, chewing on your lip. I wanted to discuss stuff with her, because, well... It's kind of relevant to her."

"Mm," Kirika nods. "Go on?"

"I... was planning on letting Miki Sayaka know about you two at some point," you say. "It... really is a matter of time until it gets out, really, since, you know-" you jerk your head off to the side in emphasis "-the white rat knows it."

"Who?" Kirika asks.

"Uh... Kyuubey? The Incubator?" you hazard, raising an eyebrow.

"No, not that, I know *that*." Kirika scowls, waving it off. "Miki Sayaka."

You blink.

And then you blink again.

"Uh..." You raise a finger. "You know, the person whose house Oriko burned down?"

"Oooh, gotcha," Kirika says, scratching her head thoughtfully as she marches back toward the house, spring in her step. "You think she'll be mad?"

You're... fairly certain Sayaka's come up in front of Kirika before. She *must* have. "... yes," you say carefully, following Kirika. "People tend to be mad about that kind of thing. And, uh, she tends to be very... aggressive about justice."

"Oh," Kirika says. She pauses midway through pulling the glass door open. "Ohhh. I gotcha. She'll want to burn *our* house down?"

"Uh," you say. You can't deny the fact that the thought *has* crossed your mind. Numerous times, in point of fact. You've even considered offering it up as... recompense for Oriko burning down Sayaka's house.

Kirika cups her chin. "Yeah, I gotcha," she says. "'s gonna be... delicate."

"Mmm," you say. "So that's what I wanted to ask Oriko about. Like I said, it's *relevant* to her, and I reckon that having some say in her own future should do her some good."

"Hrrrm..." Kirika says. "Yeah, should ask her. She's good at this kinda planning and predicting people and stuff, you know? Like you!"

You shrug. "She's better at it than I am, honestly," you say.

Kirika shrugs too. "Well, ask her, I guess," she says. "Though um..."

"Hm, Kirika?" you ask.

She hesitates before answering, meandering through the living room. "I... kinda wanted to talk to Oriko alone for a while," she says. "Um... could you make it quick?"

A blink. "Sure," you say. "I can do that."

"Great!" Kirika beams at you.

"I can hear you, you know," Oriko calls from the kitchen.

"Orikooooo!" Kirika practically vanishes from your side, a gust of wind chasing her. When you round the corner into the kitchen, you find the black haired girl sprawled out over Oriko's lap like a particularly affectionate kitten.

"Well, I didn't, but we weren't saying anything you weren't going to hear eventually, anyway," you say, giving Oriko a once over. She *looks* calmer, poised and centered. A closer look, though... despite the way her expression softens as she strokes Kirika's face, the lost, defeated look written in the worry lines around her eyes isn't going anywhere.

She inclines her head towards you. "What did you want to say?"

You glance at Kirika. She catches your eye, and motions towards you.

You'll take that you're to start first, then.

"Well," you begin. "I was thinking about letting Sayaka know about you guys. It's-" you raise your hands in a placating gesture as Oriko opens her mouth. "It's information that's going to get out eventually, with the Incubator around."

Oriko nods. "I agree," she says.

"And hopefully we can do it under contro-" You blink, jarred from the stream of explanation. "Wait, say that again?"

"I agree that the information will get out eventually, and I think it needs to be broken gently," Oriko says. She gives you a smile with not an ounce of mirth in it. "It's one of the ways I die. She finds out when you're not in Mitakihara." Her hand, running through Kirika's hair, slows and tightens a bit. "She dies shortly afterwards."

Kirika's hand reaches up and catches Oriko's, squeezing tightly.

"I can imagine," you say drily. Not *too* hard to fill in the pieces, though... you admit, you can't quite see Sayaka going for the *kill*. As it is, she doesn't know that her house burning down was deliberate arson, but even so.

"Soul Gem," Oriko says, watching you with a blank, unwavering expression. "Accident."

A rather nasty suspicion surfaces in your mind. Given Oriko's fatalism... Accident, or *accident*?

Feh.

Probably not the best to confront her about it.

"Any suggestions for breaking it to Sayaka?" you prompt. You've considered tossing her at Oriko and Kirika blind, letting her see them as people *first*. You *do* fear that it might be a bit too manipulative, though.

Oriko shrugs. "If you don't want me to die, then it would be *best* that it be done soon," she says. "Apart from that..." She shakes her head. "She's predisposed to dislike me. Hate me."

"She's wrong to," Kirika pipes up.

The seer shrugs with one shoulder.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Here we go.
