# Anomalous Materials pt. 17

"I can't say I don't understand where she's coming from, really," you admit, shaking your head. "Her mom got hurt, and..." You shrug. "I'm not going to be asking her to *like* you. Miracles and magic exist, but some things are a wee bit too much to ask and all, yeah?"

Kirika shrugs, eyes closed as she burrows into Oriko's lap. "Not saying I don't get why she thinks so," she mumbles, words muffled by the seer's skirt. "Just that she's wrong."

You snort. "Fair enough," you say, waving it off. "Look, I... her driving motivation is *justice*, not vengeance. I'm *hopeful* that I can work through this."

Kirika cracks one eye open to grin at you. "Do your best," she says, before closing her eyes and squirming to arrange herself properly across two chairs and Oriko's lap.

You vaguely wonder about her apparent forgetting about Sayaka, because now that you think about it, you're *pretty* sure both you and Oriko have mentioned her. It's entirely possible that she just flat out *wasn't* paying attention, or that she's enough of a ditz to simply forget, but... you'd think that her razor sharp focus on Oriko would let her remember.

Hm.

Considering that there's been tangible evidence of memory lapses in your friends, namely Sayaka herself... you do have to wonder about enemy action, as it were.

Oriko continues to run her fingers through Kirika's hair, slow and rhythmic. "I believe that it would be best were Sayaka informed soon," she says. "You have a picnic soon, don't you? Not then, but... perhaps soon after that. It's better to clear it earlier than to leave it to fester."

"Is that from your visions or otherwise?" you ask curiously. You feel a vague pang; Kirika had asked to let them out of the house, but you can't. And there you are having a picnic.

Ah, well.

"Common sense," Oriko says, blinking slowly. "Besides, we are in accord that Kyuubey is likely going to use it to our detriment, aren't we? The sooner it can be nipped in the bud..." She shrugs eloquently.

"Yeah, fair enough," you say, idly tucking a loose strand of hair behind your ear. "Well... I was actually thinking of dropping in sometime soon, with Sayaka." You hasten to continue as Kirika opens her eyes, the beginnings of a frown crossing her face. "I mean - without telling her who you guys are, just introducing you blind and getting her to see you as people first?"

Oriko purses her lips, giving you a considering look. "I would be fine with that," she murmurs. "Kirika?"

"If you're fine with it, then I'm good!" Kirika chirps, beaming up at the seer.

Oriko nods at you. "I'm surprised," she notes. "I wouldn't have thought you'd suggest something like that."

"Well, if you have any ideas, I'm all ears," you say, trying to keep the defensiveness from your voice. "I mean, it's all kind of precarious, and um, well, it *does* involve both of you."

"Hey, there's a thought," Kirika pipes up. "You could let us out on a kinda-sorta date, and have Sayaka 'bump' into us?"

"That's not what I meant," Oriko says, shaking her head. "I mean-" She cuts herself off, shaking her head. "Nevermind that. It..." She exhales. "As long as you're around to mediate, I would say that things tend to resolve without death."

"Tend to?" you ask, gaze snapping to her.

"You can make mistakes too," Oriko says, giving you a blank, unreadable look. "And do remember that my visions are waning, and you're hard to *see* in the first place."

You grimace. "Fair enough," you sigh. You flick your eyes over to check the wall clock - it's closing on lunchtime. "Anyway. I guess... I should go. I'll be in touch. Will you guys be OK? Oriko?"

She nods, silver hair rippling. "I have Kirika with me," she says with a wan smile. "I'll be fine."

"You better be," you say as you push the chair back. "Both of you."

Kirika waves at you without getting up. "We'll be fine. See you, Sabrina!"

"See you, Kirika, Oriko," you say. "I'll let myself out. Wouldn't want to disturb you two, eh? Oh, and..." You crook your finger, mentally letting go of your hold on the Grief in the privacy rings. The little bands fall apart, dissolving into raw Grief you draw about your person as you start for the door.

"'preciated!" Kirika drawls.

You pause just before you exit the room, glancing back at Kirika. "Oh, um, one last thing, Kirika," you say. "Is your family doing OK? I meant to ask earlier."

"Hm?" Kirika asks, lifting her head a little to look at you. "Oh, um. They're fine, though they're, uh, worried about me. Oriko?"

"We told them that Kirika's staying over with a friend," Oriko says, bland and unruffled. "It's true enough."

"Is that... sustainable?" you ask, raising a dubious eyebrow at her.

Oriko shrugs. "It's... not a major concern," she says dismissively.

"Are you sure?" you ask.

She nods, running her fingers through Kirika's hair in slow, calming motions.

"Alright," you say, pursing your lips. "If you're sure."

"I'm sure," Oriko says with a sharp nod.

"Hm," you say. "Right. See you." With that, you head out, shaking your head.

As you head out through the living room, you hum a little to yourself, musing about the morality and potential ramifications of deceiving Sayaka. And whether it *is* really a deception or not. Really, if you're up front about it, you wouldn't be really be deceiving Sayaka, right? And hopefully she won't be *too* mad about the whole thing.

The sun beats down from above as you exit the house, the scent of slowly drying leaves and roses slapping you in the face as you carefully slide the great glass door shut behind you. Looks like it's going to be a hot day out today.

You sigh, a corner of your mind calling Grief to yourself from your ever present bevy of Grief spheres. It only takes you a minute to form your wings and throw yourself aloft, soaring under the blazing sun towards Mitakihara High.

"*Ah... Sabrina?*" Mami's voice prods at your mind.

"*Hey, Mami,*" you say, smiling as you bank over a thermal. "*I'm on my way to school now. How are you?*"

"*Ah!*" her voice brightens. "*I'm alright. A bit bored right now, truth be told. Mr. Shibata is not, ah, the best teacher.*"

"*Aww,*" you say. "*Well, lunchtime soon, right?*"

"*Lunchtime soon,*" Mami agrees. "*See you soon?*"

"*Yup! Soon,*" you confirm, still smiling.

It's... nice.

Kirika has a point, you muse. Mami's not your girlfriend, and maybe she will be, maybe she won't. You want it to be on even terms with her, even if it *does* happen. But you *do* care about her. And that's enough.

You click your tongue at yourself. Enough of that. Hm. You should probably check in on Kyouko again. Which means making an appointment with secretary Yuma.

You grin to yourself as you reach out with your mind towards the diminutive green haired girl, including Kyouko in the call too. "*Hello, Miss Chitose?*"

"*Uh... Sabrina?*" the girl responds, sounding confused.

"*Ah, good,*" you say, keeping your voice grave and serious. "*So, I apologise for the last minute scheduling, but I would like to make an appointment to see Miss Sakura, maybe some time today?*"

"*Oh. Oh!*" Yuma cottons on. "*Ah, yes. Um. We should be able to slot you into her schedule, would later this afternoon be acceptable?*"

"*Another late working lunch?*" you offer.

"*Oi, don't I get a say in this?*" Kyouko drawls.

Yuma talks right over her, not quite able to keep the giggling laughter from infusing her faux-formal tone. "*A working lunch would be acceptable,*" she says. "*Do we have an, um, a working agenda?*"

"*Well, I figure it would be a mostly off-line discussion,*" you say. "*No prepared agenda per se.*"

Yuma huffs in mock-offense. "*Miss Sabrina, that is not how things are done! Nevertheless, we will look forward to seeing you.*"

"*'pparently I don't,*" Kyouko grumbles.

"*A-ah,*" Yuma says. "*S-sorry, big sis.*"

"*Hm? No, no, I'm just teasin- yo, Sabrina, butt out,*" Kyouko says. "*Lunch, yeah, whatever, call us, bye.*" She cuts the call off with sharp finality.

Ah. Well then.

"Right," you murmur to yourself. Tch. That's an ongoing thing, then. You really need to see about bringing Kyouko in to help with Walpurgisnacht, too, which, really, is why you want to see her. But then again, you didn't want to just bring it up so... casually over telepathy. Especially not in front of Yuma.

Mami and Kyouko's conflict, Asunaro... things on the plate that need to be resolved. Hopefully soon, and hopefully more easily. A confluence of factors... well. Then again, World War One was a confluence of factors too, and look at how *that* turned out.

You sigh as you coast in for a landing on the fenced off roof of Mitakihara Middle School, a few minutes early, and plop yourself down on the sun-warmed bench as you wait for the school bell to ring.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Write in some lunch discussion and such!
