# Anomalous Materials pt. 18

Well. You've plenty enough to be cheerful about, really, you muse as you absently direct the Grief of your wings away. Had a nice talk with your friends, and you think you're making progress with Oriko - or at least, you've sicced *Kirika* on her and *she's* going to make progress. And Yuma is the cutest thing.

Exactly on cue, the school bell rings. A moment of bated breath, and a chant echoed a dozen times over in a dozen different classrooms -*Rise! Bow!*- and then an explosion of noise as the students are finally released to spill out into the corridors.

There're your friends, Sayaka and Homura walking a space apart with the shade of Grief that's probably Madoka between them. You can't sense Hitomi, but that's not surprising. And there she is, a bright, glowing presence dopplering on even your Grief sense, disdaining the elevator to take the stairs. About three at a time with a touch of enhanced strength, if you're any judge.

You're up and moving towards the stair lobby just in time for Mami to appear. And three steps later, you meet her halfway, catching her in a spinning hug.

"Hi," you say, beaming at Mami as you set her down, keeping your arms around her shoulders.

Mami smiles back. "Um... Did something happen?"

"No, not at all," you say. "I'm just happy to see you, and, well, it feels like months since I last hugged you."

She laughs. "I missed you too, Sabrina," she says, warm and fond.

"Yeah," you say. "Yeah, I missed you. C'mon."

You tug Mami over to the benches and sit, Mami tucking herself beside you with a content sigh. This is nice. Just... relaxing like this.

Voices start to echo up the stairwell as the rest of your friends arrive - Sayaka first, bounding up the stairs with an eager smile on her face. "Hi, sempais\~" she calls.

"Hi, Sayaka," you greet back, echoed by Mami.

Madoka, Homura, and Hitomi follow at a more leisurely pace, greeting you in turn.

"'morning, everyone!" you say, beaming around as they settle down on the benches, each producing their own lunchbox - except Hitomi, who accepts hers from Sayaka with an exasperated sigh. You pull yours out from your bag, laying it on your lap and flipping it open.

Sayaka, sitting on Madoka's left, leans forward to peer at your lunchbox. "Are those raspberries?"

"*You're* a raspberry," you counter, sticking your tongue out at her. "Want some?"

"What's that even supposed to mean?" Sayaka asks. "Trade you some watermelon for it?"

"Sure," you agree, swapping half your portion of fruit with Sayaka. "Mami?" You turn to your friend, and pass her some of the melon.

"Ah, thank you, Sabrina," Mami says, beaming at you and swapping back some of the raspberries to make up for it.

Madoka bumps her shoulder against Homura, sitting on her *right*. "Homura? You're quiet," she says.

Homura's expression softens a little. "Just... thinking," she says.

"Oh..." Madoka says. "Nothing bad, I hope?"

"No," the black haired girl says. "Not at all." Violet eyes flicker over to you for a moment, and then back to Madoka.

Hitomi giggles, tucking into her lunch with neat, dainty bites. "How have you been, Sabrina?"

You shrug, smiling as you start eating. Little octopus sausages again today, with some tofu and minced meat sauce on rice alongside some teriyaki tuna. "Not bad," you say. "Had a fairly productive, if annoying morning." And *that's* dangerous territory with Sayaka around, so you hasten to add, "I hunted a Witch, too."

Hitomi wrinkles her nose. "What is that like?"

"Well... My powers are kind of very very good at fighting Witches, so..." you shrug. "I won't say it was *easy*, but I have an easier time than most magical girls, honestly."

Mami nods in agreement, nudging you lightly with her elbow. "Witch fights can be utterly terrifying."

"They can," you agree, glancing at Sayaka.

Sayaka rocks back and forth. "But I'll have both of you with me later, right?" she asks, her serious expression nevertheless tinged by excitement. "And, um, Homura, if you can make it?"

Homura shrugs with a shoulder, slowly putting away her lunch with mechanical efficiency. "We'll see."

Undeterred, Sayaka grins at Homura. "Aw, c'mon. We'd be happy to have you along, right?"

"Right!" Mami agrees, nodding.

"We would, Homura," you affirm.

Homura's gaze cuts across to you for a moment. "Unfortunately, I will have an errand to run," she says. She almost sounds regretful.

"Ah, well," you say, giving her a quick smile. Probably something to do with stalking Madoka to make sure Kyuubey doesn't snipe her with a contract or some such. Which... well, you can see the reasoning behind that, certainly.

The conversation lapses into silence for a moment, before Sayaka strikes up a conversation with Madoka and Homura about their homework.

"Mmm," Mami hums, savouring some cod. "The fish is *good*, Sabrina."

"Oh psht, I just broiled it with a bit of sauce," you demur, waving off the compliment. "Actually, I think I used a bit too much mirin."

"No, not at all. It's delicious!" she protests, smiling at you. "And I can't even say I had a hand in cooking this, this time."

"Eh," you say, shrugging. "You needed the sleep. And it was worth it, right?"

Mami shrugs, her smile undiminished.

You chuckle, waggling your chopsticks at her. "Don't give me that," you say.

"Give you what?" Mami asks, angelically innocent.

"Oh, I see how it is," you say, rolling your eyes. You shift a little to address everyone. "So! Do you girls think I should get glasses?"

Your question is followed by a moment of faintly confused silence.

"... Do you *need* glasses, Sabrina?" Hitomi asks.

"Nooooo?" you say, holding your hand out to the side. A casual thought calls Grief to you, already moulding itself into a new shape before it slaps lightly into your hand. Squelching some sharp, inner voice of refusal, you drop the shutter shades onto your face and beam around at everyone.

Sayaka tries to hold in her laughter. She really does, one hand clamped over her mouth.

"Pffffftaahaahahaaaa*ahahahaaaa*-"

The explosion of laughter sets off Madoka and Hitomi. The greenette giggles into her hand, polite and proper, while Madoka just laughs, loud and happy. Even Homura seems amused, a smile creeping onto her face and panicking in unfamiliar territory.

"No," Mami says, firmly removing the shades from your face despite the amused smile on her face.

"Yes," you insist, the shades melting into Grief that slips through Mami's fingers and reforms on your face.

"No," she says again, snatching at the shades.

"No?" you ask, shoulders slumping in disappointment.

"No," Mami says, poking you between your eyes.

This draws a fresh set of howls from Sayaka as she slaps at the bench, nearly spilling her lunch over the floor. "Oh my *god* you *two-*"

"Fine," you grumble. "Proper glasses?" With a flick of your hand, Grief obligingly forms a proper set of rimless glasses in the same deep purple as it always is. Without lenses, granted.

"A-ah, if you don't -snrt- *need* g-glasses," Madoka manages between giggles. "Why would y-you want them?"

You shrug. "Because they look cute!"

"You don't need the glasses," Mami says firmly, smiling at you. "You look just fine without them."

Madoka giggles.

"Fiiiiine," you grumble. "How about you, Mami?" You remove the glasses and poke them towards Mami, arms first.

Mami shakes her head, but obligingly puts them on.

"There," you say, nodding in satisfaction. "See?"

"Sabrina's -snrk- right," Sayaka offers, voice still bubbling with giggles. "You *do* look cute with glasses."

"Mmmhm!" you say, beaming at Mami. "Suits you, Mami."

Mami smiles uncertainly. "Well..." she says. "I really don't need spectacles..."

"They're just fashion accessories," you say, shrugging.

"Maybe?" Mami says, taking the glasses off and offering them back to you.

"Pass 'em around?" you suggest, nodding at the others.

Madoka's the first to accept the glasses and try them on with a happy smile. "How do I look?"

Sayaka grins. "Perfect," she says. "Oi, transfer student, you've been quiet. Whatcha think?"

Homura regards Madoka for long enough to make her start fidgeting, before finally speaking. "It looks good on you, Madoka," she says.

"Yeah, see, even she thinks so!" Sayaka says. "Guuuys? Back us up?"

"I have to admit, they *do* suit you, Madoka," Hitomi agrees.

"Mmmhm!" you agree, mumbling around a mouthful of sausage.

The rest of lunch passes with happy chatter, as you pass the glasses around for comparison. Homura turns them down, and you don't really press the issue - you'd debated it with yourself enough, really. And speaking of which...

"Hey, Homura?" you say as you lay aside your empty lunchbox. "Could I have a word?"

She nods at you, laying aside her own lunchbox. "I was going to ask," she notes.

"Alright," you say, bouncing to your feet. "I'll be back soon, Mami."

She smiles at you, patting your hand. "Alright."

You follow Homura around the corner, a blaze of violet light meeting your eyes as she transforms and reaches for her shield. She pauses, raising the shield for you to see before cranking it aroun-

-d. Her outstretched arm rests on your shoulder, her free hand offering you a bit of string. You grab the string, leaning against the wall. "So what's up, Homura?"

"The... errand I mentioned," she says. "I will be hacking the local meteorological agency mainframe."

You blink. That's not what you expected. "Uh?"

"They won't discover Walpurgisnacht on their own," she says.

That makes sense. "So this'll let them evacuate Mitakihara earlier?" you ask.

She nods.

You exhale, smiling. "That makes sense," you say, before raising an eyebrow at her. "I didn't know you could hack."

Homura glances away. "I... commissioned instructions from Inoue Yuuki in Ishinomaki a... while ago," she says. "It's not really hacking."

"... ah," you say. "How early will they evacuate?"

"A few days before Walpurgisnacht arrives," Homura says.

"And Madoka will be safely out of the city?" you ask.

Homura exhales. "It varies," she admits, swallowing. "She..." the time traveller's lips flatten together. "She refuses to evacuate, or... she's with the last to go. Sometimes..." Homura makes a helpless little gesture with her left hand, the hand her Soul Gem ring would be on. "She comes back. To fight."

"Right," you say. "Right." Kyuubey takes the opportunity to get Madoka to make a contract. Probably using the imminent threat of Walpurgisnacht.

"We can leave someone to guard her and keep Kyuubey away," Homura says.

"Hrrm," you say. She has a point. There are more meguca than there usually are, this time around, and there *will* be more at Walpurgisnacht. Especially if someone's unwilling to stand up to the Queen of Witches herself - they'd probably be happy to run guard duty. "Yeah, I see your point. I... Gimme a bit to think about it? And uh, in the meantime, I had a few things to run by you?"

Homura nods.

"Well," you say. "I've been thinking about Walpurgisnacht, too. I want to discuss Walpurgisnacht with Mami, get her support in getting help from outside of town?"

A tiny frown creases Homura's forehead. "I assumed you already have been," she says.

"Eh," you say. "I wanted your permission first."

"Do it," Homura says. "I... I would welcome all the help."

"Right, then," you say. "And... Sayaka, too. I know you don't always get on well with her, but she's here, and it would be... good to focus her on the upcoming threat."

"Yes," Homura nods. She glances away at the wall, roughly where Sayaka would be were it not for the corner. "You know how to deal with her better."

"Alright," you say. "Cool."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

In Japan, teriyaki fish is far more common than pork or chicken or what have you.

Apologies for the lateness, guys. Exams, and, ah, Dark Souls 3 have stolen a fairly substantial amount of time.
