# Anomalous Materials pt. 19

A moment passes in the absolute, dead silence of the timestop, and then two.

"Is ther-" Homura starts.

"Hey-" you say at the same time. Homura motions towards you, so you continue, smiling in amusement. "Let's just take a seat for a moment?" You wave towards the low wall at the foot of the great fence around the rooftop, moving over and perching on it. You shift to keep the string beside you, even the faint rustle of cloth from your coat terribly loud.

Homura nods, following you over and sitting beside you.

"So... how've you been, Homura? How was your day?" you ask, smiling at her.

Homura gives you a perplexed frown.

You huff. "Conversation, Homura," you say. "I want to talk to my *friend*."

She glances down at her hands, eyes downcast for a moment, before exhaling slowly and looking up at you, expression firm. "I... haven't done much today," she says. "I had to chase Kyuubey away from Madoka again."

"Well," you say with an encouraging smile. "That can't have been your whole morning, right?"

Her head twitches in a minute shake. "I was in class," she points out.

"Ah. That's a good point," you say. "I suppose you know everything by heart, now?"

Homura shrugs. "I have to keep up appearances," she says.

"Right," you say. It's *hard* to not wind up talking business with Homura. Might as well go for broke. "So... how are *you*?"

Violet eyes give you a flat look for a long moment before softening and looking away. "I'm alright," Homura says, voice quiet. "I..."

"Mmm?" you ask, giving her a curious look.

"You..." Homura sighs. "You've done more than I managed to."

"No," you say. "None of that. I've worked *with* you, Homura. And we'll work together. Because you're my friend, and... just as much, I want all of us to make it out of this together and *happy*."

She shrugs.

"Hey," you say, poking her on the shoulder. You wait until she looks over at you, eyebrows raised. "We'll take Walpurgisnacht down. All of us, *together*."

She nods again. "Alright." Her nostrils flare. "We have a chance."

You're honestly not sure if she's humouring you or not, but... you don't think she is. And in any case... "There's always a chance," you agree. "But even if it's early yet, I think we have a *good* chance. We're going to beat Walpurgisnacht - no *try* about it."

Homura exhales hard, nodding. "Alright. Is there anything else, Sabrina?"

"Beyond talking to my friend?" you ask, smiling at her. "Well... Yeah, actually. Is it OK if we bring Mami in? I wanted to discuss Walpurgisnacht, but not in front of Sayaka and Madoka."

Homura nods sharply. "Agreed," she says. "That would be for the best."

"So... I can go ahead and get Mami?" you ask.

"Go ahead," Homura says.

You beam at Homura, pleased at the approval, and hop lightly to your feet. It's progress. Slow and steady, but... she's starting to let herself be *human* again. You take care not to tangle up the unspooling reel of string, twirling in a kind of little dance.

Hah, dancing. Would you have a transformation dance? Probably some kind of janky robot dance, really. Just the right blend of westaboo-ism in there, really, and probably just right for Mami to sigh at you in exasperation. So just perfect, then.

Speaking of whom, you walk over to her and grab her by the shoulder, and bright, vibrant colour leaches into her, drawing her into the frozen world of Homura's time stop.

"Hi," you say, beaming at Mami.

She blinks in disorientation, looking around before focusing on you. "Sabrina? Is something wrong?" she asks, stiffening to attention.

"No, not at all," you say. "We -Homura and you and me- just need to have a private conversation without anyone listening in, that's all. Her timestop is... the best way to do that."

"Ah," Mami says, relaxing a little. "A-alright. Um..." She shifts a little to take your hand, squeezing tightly.

You smile reassuringly at her, squeezing back. "C'mon." You lead Mami back over to Homura, perching back on the raised ledge beside her. Mami settles down beside you, nestling against your side.

"So, ah, what are we discussing?" Mami asks.

"Walpurgisnacht," Homura says, tone cold and hard again.

"I see," Mami says, her expression setting firm, too."We have... Under a month to the night of Walpurgis."

"Twenty two days," Homura agrees.

Mami nods in agreement.

"Right, so... I wanted to get your opinions, Mami, Homura," you say. "I want to warn the other local girls. I... I don't know if they'll stick around to fight, or whether they'll want to flee, but... I feel like they should know."

"Of course," Mami says, nodding firmly. "We can't force them to fight, but they live here, too. They deserve to know."

Homura nods. "I have... information about Walpurgisnacht. Statistics. I know where it's likely to appear."

Mami looks surprised for a moment, mulling it over. "You're sure of it?"

"Yes," Homura says, meeting Mami's eyes with an unwavering violet gaze.

Mami smiles. "Then we can use that," she says. "I'm not sure how many magical girls we can bring to fight, but we can plan for this. I..." She purses her lips, clearly thinking about it.

"Two things," you say, raising two fingers to demonstrate. "First, well, do you think we should bring Sayaka in?"

Homura starts to shake her head before stopping with a frown.

"Homura?" Mami asks, peering around you at the time traveller.

"No," she says. "She should leave with Madoka."

"She lives here too," Mami points out. "If she wants to fight..."

Homura glances over at you, violet gaze holding yours. "I think she should leave," she says.

You hold up your hand, cutting off Mami's response. "I... this is probably gonna be a bit contentious, so we'll come back to it in a bit, alright?"

Mami nods, subsiding.

"Right, so," you say. "I had another point I wanted to make. Nadia Bennouna. Do you know who she is, Homura?"

"Somewhat," Homura says. "Is she due in?"

Mami looks surprised. "How do you know her?"

"I don't know her," Homura says, shrugging slightly. "I know of her."

"Ah, that makes sense," Mami says, giving Homura a thoughtful look.

"Right, so... see, Mami, you know her, right? If we asked her not to tell people about my powers, would she?" you ask.

"She would," Mami confirms. "But why would you want to?"

"Yeah, that's the thing," you say, holding both hands out, palm up. "On the one hand, if word spreads... meguca will come. I mean, it's inevitable, right? People'll come to Mitakihara to make use of my powers. And that's... good, because there'll be more meguca to fight Walpurgisnacht, but on the other hand, there will be *more meguca*."

"Ah," Mami says, cupping her chin. "That's a good point."

"Exactly," you say. "But I want... I want to help people. I don't want to keep it a secret."

Mami smiles, leaning against you. "I understand," she says, tentatively wrapping an arm around you in a hug. "I... I think we should tell her."

"I agree," Homura says, violet gaze still fixed on you.

You bump your shoulder against hers in reassurance as you turn over their responses. Entirely understandable on Homura's part. More puella magi means a more secure defeat of Walpurgisnacht. And really, Mami wouldn't dispute you. Not when you *want* to do this, to help people.

"Well..." you say. "I was considering... a middle ground? We leave it Miss Bennouna's discretion, ask her not to tell *everyone*, but tell those she thinks are reasonable? And maybe ask her to help distribute the Empty Seeds?"

"We need the magical girls for the fight," Homura says.

"And you want to help people," Mami says. "I... think that's a good idea, Sabrina. Ask her to spread the news to other magical girls she deems trustworthy?"

"Yeah," you agree. Spreading your name far and wide, as it were. Of course, you don't even *have* a full name at more. You spend a moment to consider possible names for yourself. Like Tomoe, or Akemi, or Kaname, or some incomprehensible jumble of letters you'd expect to find in a leather-and-black-iron-bound book, the kind that drips blood off its pages when read.

You shake your head, clearing away those thoughts. "What about Walpurgisnacht? I mean, *that* would stop some girls from coming, but... you know, people would come in with their eyes open."

"Or they make use of your powers and leave before Walpurgisnacht," Homura says, frowning. "Don't tell them."

Mami frowns, too, before glancing at you. From her furrowed brow, you can guess she doesn't agree, but she's waiting to follow your lead.

**\[] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

-\[X] About Sayaka...
\--\[X] You want to be honest with her, tell her you've been keeping secrets. She deserves to know about Oriko, and what Oriko did to her home and to Hitomi. But... you're worried she might do something rash. Would... you had an idea. Showing her Oriko before that. Having them meet and letting Sayaka know Oriko burnt down her house while you're there to stop her from doing something she might regret. Is that... is that fair to Sayaka? What's their opinion? If we do tell Sayaka, when would be a good time?
-\[x] Ask then hug Homura first.

\=====​

So my exams are over, and, uh, well, I've spent three days face down in Dark Souls 3.
