# Anomalous Materials pt. 20

You sigh, rubbing your nose. "I'm... not comfortable keeping people in the dark like that, Homura. Even beyond moral reasons."

Homura's lips compress a little, but she doesn't say anything, raising her eyebrows at you instead.

"Well," you say. "First, they aren't going to take too kindly to being kept in the dark about it - if anything, it'll make them even more inclined to leave when Walpurgisnacht arrives. I mean, if they were going to leave in the first place, they'll just leave anyway, right?"

"Some will stay," Homura counters. "More if they have no choice."

Madokami on high, but that's *cold*. You can understand the reasons, but...

"I disagree," you say. "If they're going to leave, they'll leave. And... I think, just as importantly, if they're going to fight Walpurgisnacht, and they aren't prepared? More than a few are going to be liabilities. I mean... sure, there will be plenty of magical girls who are strong enough to fend for themselves, but would rather have the security. What about the weaker ones?"

Mami nods. "They'll need training," she says. "And if they're new to being magical girls..." She shakes her head. "I've always heard that the arrival of Walpurgisnacht itself is a... shock to the senses. If they're not prepared for it, they might not even be able to fight."

Homura glances away, nostrils flaring and mouth setting in a straight line. "My... research agrees," she admits, after a moment.

"So we should warn them, and train them," Mami says, nodding.

"Yeah," you agree, raising your finger. "And... many of the meguca will want my services for the long term. They won't want to leave and go back to having to fight Witches and other magical girls just to survive. And, well, they're definitely not going to get that if they abandon the city and leave Mitakihara to be destroyed."

An irreverent, and irre*leva*nt thought crosses your mind - it kind of tickles you that you can use 'meguca' in a serious discussion and have it work. Admittedly, it's mostly because... well, it's just a bit of mangling of words in *English*, and their English might be passable, but it's not their first language.

"Fine," Homura says. She still doesn't look *happy*, her mouth set thin and hard.

You sigh. "Homura, really, though. I... I have a *huge* bargaining chip. My powers are... well, you know," you say, waving your hands. "I'm sure I can convince people to stay. I'm sure I can convince *more* than enough people to stay to fight. And besides-" You hug Mami with one arm, offering your free hand to Homura. "We have you, we have Mami, myself... that's already a lot."

You take a moment to consider expositing on a plan to steal a Gemini rocket engine or two from USA to take Walpurgisnacht and push it elsewhere. Like up into the atmosphere, or maybe somewhere out in the ocean. Whereupon you can hit it with ICBMs.

... file that as plan, uh, plan D, you guess.

"Fine," Homura repeats, frown firmly in place.

You rub at your forehead. "So... about Sayaka," you say. "I... look, Homura, we can't hide this indefinitely from her. The longer we keep it from her, the more upset she would be - and for good reason. I mean, we're basically saying we don't trust her, by doing that."

A pang of conscience worms its way into your mind. You're hiding things, too.

But for good reason, right?

And you're telling Mami tonight.

Right.

Homura's expression flattens out, going blank. You can make a pretty good guess at what she's thinking - that you're right, she *doesn't* trust Sayaka. Of course, she's tactful enough not to say it in front of Mami.

Hah, Homura, tactful. Those aren't words that normally go together.

"That said," you continue, meeting Homura's eyes. "I agree insofar as I'm not really comfortable with her risking her life against a Witch that could destroy an entire city, either."

"Sabrina?" Mami asks, golden eyes beneath worried brows peering up at you.

"No, just... I'm not going to stop her, and we shouldn't," you say. "Knowing her, she'll want to stay, anyway. But... I'm thinking we can put her on something safer? Evacuating or protecting civilians, or something like that? She'll be happy to get behind that, I think."

Mami purses her lips. "Sabrina, with... three weeks to go, we can teach her to be good at fighting, really," she says. "By the time Walpurgisnacht arrives, she's not going to be a newbie any more."

That's... a good point, actually.

"Do you think she'll be good enough to be on the frontlines with us, then?" you ask, blinking at Mami.

"I think so," Mami says. "Three weeks is a long time. It's... everybody learns at a different pace, but magical girls instinctively know how to fight. It's a matter of honing those instincts, in my experience."

Homura regards Mami for a long moment. "Fine," she says. "I hope you're right."

"I think I am," Mami says with a firm nod. "I... especially if we all work together to train her, take her out on Witch fights, I think she will make a fine magical girl. She's not too weak, either."

You give Mami a quick smile. It's nice to see her showing confidence in herself. "Of course I'll help," you say. "I mean, I'm not... the best at teaching, since I'm so new myself, but I can be on hand to help cleanse and so forth."

Mami shakes her head, smiling at you. "Don't be ridiculous, Sabrina," she says, giving you a warm, fond look. "You... haven't done so well in close range, but that can change - and you're terrifying at long range."

You waggle your hand, returning the smile. "Thanks, Mami," you say, before glancing at Homura. "Homura? You'll help too, right?"

"If I have time," Homura says, exhaling slowly and looking away.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

It's lovely, having more free time to myself.
