# Anomalous Materials pt. 21

You blink in faintly flummoxed surprise.

Was...

Was that a *pun*?

From *Homura*?

You burst into giggles.

Mami blinks at you in perplexity for a moment. You can practically *see* the lightbulb when it goes off, by the way she glances at Homura and promptly joins you in a wash of helpless giggles.

Homura, on the other hand, maintains that stony facade, until it *finally* clicks for her. Exasperation chases incomprehension across her face, finally settling on vaguely startled incredulity.

"H-hey." You manage to swallow your giggling fits for long enough to choke something coherent out. "Homura. T-thank for your... *time*. I-I- won't l-let you dow-"

You promptly dissolve into mirth again, nearly falling off your impromptu seat.

Homura sighs, bringing her palm to her face - and maybe you're imagining it, but there's perhaps a tiny quirk of her lips before she smothers it with her hand.

And maybe not. It's enough to give you cause for jubilation, anyway.

Your giggles die down eventually, Mami half collapsed on your shoulder and barely supported by your arm around her waist.

"I needed that," Mami opines. "It's nice, having something so... normal in... here." She waves her hand around at the fossilised light of the timestop. "Ah, no offense intended, Homura."

The time traveller shakes her head, a tiny twitch to the side. "None taken."

You tighten your hug around Mami and grin sunnily at Homura. "Hey... You're not really terrifying, are you?"

Homura blinks her violet eyes at you. "... Excuse me?"

"I mean it," you say. "You *try* to scare people, but you really aren't that kind of person."

Homura... *almost* rolls her eyes. You can see her start the motion before she schools her face back into impassivity.

You laugh, and pat her shoulder. Moemura's still in there somewhere.

"Anyway," you say, chasing off a fleeting mental image of your gang of friends as mushrooms. You take a moment to muse on what kind *you* would be.

... probably one of the hallucinogenic kinds.

"Sabrina?" Mami prompts, nudging your side.

"Sorry," you say, shaking your head to clear the thought away. "Just a silly thought."

"Ah, OK," Mami says. "Were you saying something before?"

"Yeah," you say. "So... something I was meaning to bring up before, about Sayaka - she's a power mimic, right?"

"Right," Mami agrees.

"So... I don't have any practical experience with this kind of thing, but... my understanding is that the kind of Wish that would *give* Sayaka that kind of ability would have... hm." You pause for a moment, considering how to phrase it. "Would have skill acquisition as a related power."

"Ah," Mami says, pursing her lips in thought. "I can't say she did. She didn't seem to pick up aiming her swords very well? She was using her swords, though, I didn't try to teach her to make muskets with her copied ribbons yet. Um."

"Right," you say, scratching at the side of your head with your free hand and tucking aside a stray strand of hair. "Hmmm."

The three of you lapse into a comfortable silence for a while, Mami tucking her head against your shoulder and nestling into your side.

Mami stirs a moment later. "Sabrina?"

"Mm?" you ask.

"Thank you," she says.

"You're welcome," you say. You're not sure what *for*, exactly, but you're pretty sure it's the right thing to say. "Anyway. Cleanses?"

Homura nods, raising her hand towards you.

"Mmm," Mami agrees, raising her left hand to present her ring to you, too.

You cleanse the Soul Gems with a crook of your finger, paying attention to your own, too. You roll your shoulders, feeling some of the little tensions and even aches melt away. Mami sighs in satisfaction, and even Homura relaxes slightly.

"Is there anything else?" Homura asks, raising her eyebrows at you.

"Well..." you say. "Yeah, actually. Sayaka... and Oriko. We still have Oriko under house arrest, and, well, she *did* burn down Sayaka's house. She deserves to know."

Mami nods. "She does. But..."

"Yeah, that's the problem, isn't it?" you say. "She's... well, at best she's going to yell at Oriko - and me. At *worst* she'll try and attack Oriko."

A flicker of motion in the corner of your eye is Homura shrugging.

"Yes, Homura, I know," you sigh. "But it's about trust, and... I really don't want Sayaka to attack them."

Homura presses her lips together, not commenting any further. You jokingly consider telling her that no, murder is not the solution, but it's really not that far from what's going through her mind, if you had to guess.

"Ah..." Mami says. "I think we should just tell her. Ask her to understand that we had to do this. She'll listen to reason, right?"

Heh. She's more optimistic than you are, about this at least.

Then again, you know Sayaka at her worst moments, in the simmering depths of despair. Mami... doesn't.

"Might not be that easy," you say. "She's... very easily... well, she sees the world in black and white, right? Remember how she was to Homura at first?"

"Ah," Mami says, her lips pulling into a grimace. "You're probably right, Sabrina. Hmmm... Do you know if Sayaka would accept anything as an apology? Or compensation? And if Mikuni would give it?"

"Heh," you say, an amused smirk flitting across your face. "I mean, Oriko would proooobably let Sayaka burn her house down, honestly. She hates the place."

Mami chuckles. "That probably won't work, then," she says. "She could buy Sayaka a new house?"

"Hmm... possible," you allow. You somehow doubt Homura's going to offer any suggestions, so you press on. "Well... I was thinking, first of all, that we could introduce Sayaka to Oriko and Kirika, without telling her *who* they are? Let her get to know them *first* so that she can form her judgement without immediately jumping to hate?"

Homura frowns, her lips tightening, but she doesn't say anything.

"Um..." Mami frowns, too. "It seems a bit manipulative, Sabrina. U-um. Sorry."

"I... first of all, don't apologise," you say, tightening your hug around her a little. "*Thank* you, Mami, for telling me if you don't think I'm doing the right thing. It... well." You fight the urge to claim that it's *not* manipulative. "It *is* a bit, I guess. I just want... well, if Sayaka has the opportunity to get to know them before she knows about the, uh, arson thing, she'll at least think about it first?"

Mami tugs lightly on one of her hair drills, frown still in place. "I'm not sure about it..."

You sigh. "Neither am I."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Apologies for the delay. I... really don't have an excuse for it.
