# Anomalous Materials pt. 22

The endless, muffling silence of the timestop almost swallows your thoughts, the conversation lapsing, though it doesn't smother the urge to tug on Mami's hair drill and say *boing*.

"I..." You look down, fidgeting with your fingers. Brief levity aside, you feel uncomfortably *defensive*, truth be told. It... well. Your *friends* are criticising you. Mami and Homura both - you don't imagine Homura's the happiest, right now, judging from her expression.

"Well. I was thinking of telling her..." You sigh. "Well, telling her the truth, as much as I could. I'd tell her that there were two magical girls we put under house arrest, and then flat out *giving* her the choice of knowing what they did or of she'd be willing to meet them first."

"She's not stupid," Homura says.

"Hmmm?" you ask, glancing over at her in surprise.

"Two magical girls, placed under house arrest by *you*," Homura says, her tone flat and clipped. "She can guess. What then?"

"If she asks... I'll tell her," you say. "As I said, I won't lie to her."

"And then?" Homura asks.

You sigh. "And then I suppose I do a lot of talking and possibly restraining, because I don't want Sayaka to go after Oriko and Kirika," you respond, rubbing at your face.

"I... do you think she would?" Mami asks.

"I think so," you say. "I... I don't know if she would *attack* them, but... she might? She'll definitely want to confront them. And Kirika would *definitely* defend Oriko, and... it would be a huge mess."

Which is putting it *mildly*. You honestly don't know how Sayaka would react to meeting the girls who burned her house down.

Feh.

"It won't be that bad, surely?" Mami asks, looking at you worriedly. "I'm sure Sayaka isn't that... violent, right?"

You recall an elsewhere and else*when*, when Sayaka might have *killed* two men on a train - or at least beat them up. Badly. You're not really sure. She had good enough reason. She had been Grief spiraling, her Soul Gem clouded with enough Grief to drive her thoughts to dark, dark places. On the verge of Witching out.

She wouldn't be anything like that under normal circumstances.

And yet...

And yet. Grief or not, the kernel remains, doesn't it? That spark of unthinking violence, lent expression by her magical girl powers.

Do you trust her to see reason?

"I... I don't know," you admit. "But Oriko and Kirika burned her house down. Oriko had what she thought was a good reason, but... if *we* hadn't been there, her entire *family* might have died. That would make *anyone* mad."

Mami's shoulders slump. "That's true," she says, looking down.

You sigh. "I really don't know," you say, making a helpless gesture. "I... I guess I should trust Sayaka to stick to her principles."

"Mmm, Sabrina?" Mami asks, glancing at you with warm, worried eyes.

"A... strong sense of right and wrong," you say. Of opinions, formed quickly and held with unwavering, fervent belief, defended even at cost to herself. "And she's stubborn."

"Hmmm." Mami gives you a long, considering look. "I don't know her that well, but... I trust your judgment, Sabrina. If that's the case... Do you think you can convince Sayaka that Oriko was right, then, if she asks?"

Homura bristles, her eyebrows snapping together in a heavy frown.

"I..." you temporise.

Do you think Oriko's right?

You're not even sure of that, really. At the very least... if, and that's a big if, she's *correct*, and telling the truth, that burning down Sayaka's house saved her, then she was justified. Whether she was *right* is an entirely different matter.

Heh.

Not that saying that Oriko's right in front of Homura is a particularly *wise* thing to do.

Your gaze dips to stare at your hand, fisted in your lap. Mami's hand reaches across to curl around yours, squeezing lightly in support.

Homura speaks up, cold and implacable. "She's wrong."

"I'm not going to let Sayaka just *fight* Oriko and Kirika," you counter, lips twisting. "She'd... I mean, it's two on one, and I- I'd have to stop them."

She bites out an annoyed sound and looks away. "It's her mistake to make."

"She doesn't have to make that mistake!" you say, tugging at your hair in frustration. "She *shouldn't*. She-" You choke yourself off.

Homura shrugs. "Don't tell her," she says. "Hide it from her."

Mami looks appalled. "Homura, we can't hide this from our friend," she says. "Right, Sabrina?"

You sigh heavily. "I agree. We can't hide this - and we *definitely* can't hide it forever. Kyuubey will use it against us."

Homura shrugs again, black hair rippling over her shoulders.

"I... if we're going to tell Sayaka about Oriko directly, then... when do you think would be the best time to do it?" you ask. "I mean, the sooner the better, I suppose, but with the picnic tomorrow\..."

You briefly consider asking Kyouko along for the picnic - you do definitely need to see about patching things up between Kyouko and Mami, but... probably not. Your mind is briefly inundated with consideration of mostly tiny Kyoukos, crawling everywhere and probably eating literally *everyone* out of house and home. Rob a few more yakuza bases, maybe.

"After the picnic?" Mami suggests. "Miss Bennouna will be here on Sunday, won't she?"

"Right, yeah," you agree. "Homura? What do you think?"

She shrugs, violet eyes cutting over to you. She's said all she wants to.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

The 'smothering her agency line' was cut because I couldn't fit it in anywhere.
