# Anomalous Materials pt. 23

You blow out a sharp breath, leaning your head back against the ridiculously ornate fence surrounding the roof. "Do you think... more time to settle into the magical girl life, I guess, will help Sayaka cope?"

"With the magical girl life?" Mami asks. "Of course. But I don't think it would help with learning that her house was deliberately burned down by Miss Mikuni."

"Yeah, that's a fair point," you acknowledge. "I guess... Saturday after the picnic, then? We're meeting Miss Bennouna on Sunday, and... dealing with commitments outside of town, I guess. But I don't want to leave this unresolved in the, ah, long term."

Mami nods, the motion a little hesitant. "I suppose that would be best," she says.

"Hm?" you ask, glancing at her. "Is something wrong, Mami?"

"No... not really," Mami says, smiling at you. You've known her for long enough to see the strained edge to the expression, though.

"Mami..." you say, tightening your hug around her waist a little.

"It's nothing," she says, smile softening. "Really."

You give her a dubious look, but you decide not to press right now.

Mami smiles at you, covering your hand with hers. "Really, Sabrina," she says.

Homura exhales quietly. You glance over at her, finding amethyst eyes on you, steady and unreadable.

You've gotten better at guessing what goes on inside Homura's head, but here and now, you can't tell if she disapproves, or approves, or any of a dozen things she could be thinking about. Of course, she'd be unhappy with the Oriko situation. She probably thinks that all this effort with Sayaka is wasted. That much is obvious.

You don't know what she's thinking.

But now that she's drawn your attention...

"Speaking of the picnic, Homura," you say, smiling at your friend. "You're coming, right?"

Homura hesitates a moment.

"Come on, Homura," you say, smile widening a little. "You have all the time in the world, don't you?"

You're quite proud of yourself for not emphasising the pun at all.

The flat look she gives you tells you that she noticed it, though!

She sighs. "I will be there," she says.

"Excellent," you say, beaming at her. "We'll be glad to have you there. Though, um..." Your smile turns a little sheepish. "Can we use your shield to store stuff? Like, uh, well, ice cream?"

Homura's eyes flicker from you, to Mami, and back again. "You may," she says, voice soft and almost... melancholic?

You close your eyes, bouncing the back of your head off the fence. "Last thing about Sayaka... I mean, well... because of her power, she's going to have difficulty *specialising*, I imagine. I mean, we can get her up to speed on the basics, but... what do you think of advanced melee training for her, later on?"

"That's a good idea," Homura agrees, almost immediately.

You blink, faintly surprised at her ready agreement. Then again, she's not entirely heartless, and... even in the most pragmatic sense, anything that would let Sayaka hang on a little longer could only be a boon, right?

Mami nods in agreement, smiling at you. "That sounds good, Sabrina. We all tend to fight at ranged, after all, it would be good to have someone better at melee fighting."

"Right, exactly what I was thinking," you say, beaming at Mami. "Her power lets her copy tricks, but she needs to be as skilled as possible with her base abilities."

"We can cover a lot of that," Mami says, still smiling. "I'm not sure who we can ask to teach Sayaka melee fighting, though."

Well, you have a candidate in mind; a certain red haired girl over in Kasamino. Nooooot that you should bring her up in front of Mami right now.

"We'll figure out something," you deflect. "I just wanted to float the idea by you first."

Mami nods again. "Alright."

"Anyway... is there anything else?" you glance from Mami to Homura, and at their shaken heads, you turn back to Mami. "So... there's a few more things I want to talk to Homura about. I'll be with you soon, OK?"

"I-" Mami glances around at the frozen, muted grey hues of the world. "A-alright."

"It's nothing bad," you reassure Mami, pulling her into a hug and burying your face against her shoulder. "Alright? It's just something private."

"A-alright," Mami says. She tightens the hug a little, pulling away a moment later. "Alright, I'll... go back to the bench?"

"Mmm," you agree, standing and guiding her up. You smile as you walk her back over to the bench, opposite a frozen Madoka, Sayaka, and Hitomi. You can feel Homura following you. You pull Mami into a tight hug again. "I'll be with you in no time at all, yeah?"

"Yeah," Mami says, smiling weakly at you as she separates from the hug and settles back down on the bench. "Alright, I'm removing the ribbon now." She takes a deep breath and lets the ribbon fade, the bright colour leaching out of her as the timestop claims her.

You huff out a sigh, rubbing at the string around your wrist as you step back and turn to Homura. "So, I... Sayaka's my friend," you say, quiet and somber. "She's a puella magi because I messed up, and I... I owe it to her to make sure that she does as well as she can."

Homura blinks slowly. "You know her fate," she says.

"I know," you say. She always dies, or worse, in almost all timelines. "I stand by what I said. She's my friend. And I want to help her."

"I know," Homura says, suddenly looking very, very tired.

"I-" you start, floundering for a second. "Homura, look. I know what's at stake here - Walpurgisnacht, and Madoka. Keeping this secret from Sayaka would be a huge weak point the Incubator can hit to fracture our group at the worst possible time. And more than that... Sayaka's my friend. And she's Madoka's friend. You understand that, right?"

"I do," Homura says, simple and final. With the both of you standing, she has to look up to meet your eyes, but her gaze is steady and unflinching.

You guess she does, at that. It's not like she didn't try to save Sayaka, even in that last timeline. She tried to give Sayaka a Grief Seed, but... she gave up when Sayaka rebuffed her.

"Y-yeah," you say, looking away. "Yeah, I-" you wave at Sayaka's frozen form. "I'm not going to stop her from yelling at Oriko. I... what Oriko did was wrong. I'm not denying that. But I just want to make sure things don't escalate."

Homura's gaze doesn't waver - even without looking, you can feel her eyes boring into you. "They are not worth it," she says.

You sigh. "I just want everyone to live, Homura. Just this once," you say.

Silence falls, the absolute, dead silence of the timestop. You can hear your heartbeat, and the rush of blood in your ears.

Finally, she sighs. "I know," she says.

"I..." You look up at her, but she's not looking at you. Not any more.

Amethyst eyes refocus on you.

"Can I hug you?" you ask.

Homura sighs again, but raises her arms out towards you, just a little. You beam at her, and step into her, pulling her into a tight hug. "It's going to be alright," you whisper.

Her arms tighten convulsively around you for a moment before pulling back, her expression open and *vulnerable* for a moment before she slams it shut again.

"Is there anything else?" she asks.

"Well," you say, smiling at Homura. "I was wondering if you wanted to go hunt Sasa down right now?"

She frowns, considering that for a moment. "Now is fine," she agrees. "Do you have any ideas?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Here we go.
