# Anomalous Materials pt. 28

"As far as I need to," you answer without hesitation. "Probably anywhere in Japan at least... and further, if I have to." You pause, and smile at your friend. "Homura, I mean it. This *is* going to be the last loop. We'll pull out every stop."

She doesn't meet your eyes, a wry twist to her mouth as she looks away. "I know."

"Good," you say. "I... look, depending on who you want to pull in, and if you're willing to help with timestop, I think that we can get pretty much anywhere on this planet, within a day or two at most."

Homura nods, frowning. "I... I haven't encountered many magical girls from outside Japan," she says.

"Mmm," you agree. "Makes sense, but... if there's anyone you've *heard* of...?"

She shrugs. "I'll try and remember any... meguca from outside Japan."

You grin at her, inordinately pleased at her adopting the word from you. It's a nonsense word, really, but it's amusing to you, and, well, it's kind of nice that she's trying.

"Anyway," you say, swerving the MOF into a hairpin turn. "Let's head back to school. I'll do some research on Kuro... oooo." Your eyes widen as an idea strikes you.

"Sabrina?" Homura eyes you.

"No, no," you say, waving your hand. "I just realised. Since I know her *name*, I can probably search her up online. Or in the telephone directory. Or something. But the point I was going to make is, I don't have any real leads *now*, even if I can take a crack at it later."

"Ah," Homura says, frowning in thought. "Yes."

"But yeah. Thanks, Homura," you say, smiling at her. "For coming along with me."

She nods.

The lifeless hues of the frozen city zip by as you direct the MOF back towards school, turning contemplative. You've had enough serious conversation with Homura for this timestop, you think, and you've left enough promises and unresolved threads for a while.

You exhale a little shakily. A lot of that going around, really, all from you. As you said to Homura, meguca are for saving.

But whether you *can* save them... that's a different story.

You bring your hands to your face, covering it with your palms for a long, long moment as you breathe.

Homura touches your shoulder.

You take a shuddering breath, and lower your hands to find that Homura's shuffled over to kneel beside you. "I'm OK," you say, dismissing your worries to smile at your friend.

The doubts are always there.

It doesn't mean you have to pay them any attention, though.

Homura nods, her expression blank and unreadable.

You head back to Mitakihara Middle School, skimming over the fence and dismissing the MOF a meter or two above the rooftop. You drop lightly to the roof, the loose Grief already consolidating back into spheres to join the perpetual cloud of Grief always following you around.

You smile at Homura as you detransform, carefully checking the sling bag at your side as you walk around the corner of the staircase. You take a moment to comb your wind ruffled hair back into some semblance of neatness as Homura follows you, waiting patiently until you're ready.

You wiggle your fingers at her in a vaguely mystical gesture, quirking an eyebrow.

She nods, raising her hand to display her shield and Soul Gem to you.

With a thought, you draw of the patina of Grief frothing just below the surface, a wispy banner drifting through the air before you crush it into a sphere and send it off to join the rest. "There you are," you murmur.

"Thank you," Homura says, nodding.

"Hey, I promised, right?" you say, smiling at her. "Anyway... shall we?" You gesture back at your friends.

She nods, and cranks her shield across with the familiar hum of gears.

Noise and colour and *life* floods in, the hum of cars on the road and chatter of schoolchildren down below. You suck in a lungful of clean, fresh air, a sharp contrast from the stuffy, stagnant air of the timestop.

Undoing the string and settling your sling bag at your side, you walk back around the corner, bright smile on your face. Mami beams up at you, some tension easing out of her shoulders as you walk over and sit by her side. You slide your arm behind her and pull her into a warm hug.

You release the hug a moment later and smile around at your friends, Mami tucking her head onto your shoulder. "Hey, guys, hope we didn't keep you waiting?" you offer.

Sayaka rolls her eyes. "You talked for like ten seconds, Sabrina," she says. "Waiting, what waiting?"

"Ah, right," you say, rubbing your nose sheepishly. "Felt longer."

Sayaka regards you with a raised eyebrow, as if to say 'really?'. Madoka, on the other hand, just beams at Homura and you, kicking her legs a little. "Welcome back, Homura, Sabrina!"

"Indeed, welcome back," Hitomi says, nodding at you, then Homura as she tucks away her empty lunchbox.

"So," you say, rubbing your hands together. "Not too much time left for lunch, right?" At the affirming nods, you continue, smiling. "But before you guys have to go - picnic! Picnic tomorrow. Final confirmation, everyone's good for it, right? Hitomi?"

She nods, green locks swaying. "My parents have agreed that I can go," she confirms.

"I can go!" Madoka says, returning your smile.

"Ditto," Sayaka agrees.

"I will be going," Homura agrees, drawing a narrow-eyed look of surprise from Sayaka.

"Excellent," you say. "And Mami and I will be there of course. I mean, we're organising."

"And cooking," Mami says, tilting her head a little to beam up at you.

"Oooh," Sayaka says, eyes brightening. "Will there be cake?"

"There will!" Mami says. "We'll bake one fresh, right, Sabrina?"

"Yep, though - speaking of fresh, we're doing the picnic in the evening, yes? Four o'clock or so?" you ask.

"Four thirty," Madoka suggests. "It won't be as hot."

"Four thirty sounds better," Hitomi agrees. "Where are we going, actually?"

"Right, good," you say. Which means, with Miss Bennouna slotted in for the day after, plenty of time. "Four thirty. And uh..."

"The big park on the south side?" Sayaka suggests.

Hitomi's brow wrinkles in thought. "Gokai park?" she asks after a moment. "It's quite nice, and there's a teahouse in there, too."

"That's the one!" Sayaka says, snapping her fingers.

"I know where it is," Mami says, nodding.

"Mmmh!" Madoka agrees, rocking back and forth in her seat.

"Sounds good," you agree. "We'll go there, then?"

"I have no objections," Homura murmurs.

You glance around at the rest of your friends, meeting smiles and shrugs. "Alright. Settled, then! Next thing is... Sayaka, we need to get you started on training."

She grins. "I thought we already did," she says.

You wave your hand. "*More* training, then," you amend with a roll of your eyes. "And the Witch hunt we promised."

"Ooooh," the bluenette says, bouncing on her seat. "Now *that's* more like it. After school today, right?"

"Sayaka, weren't you visiting Kyousuke today?" Madoka asks.

Sayaka gives her a betrayed look. "Well. I mean... I could visit Kyousuke *after* that? And how did you know, anyway?"

"... really, Sayaka?" you ask. "I mean. *Really*, Sayaka?"

She blushes, glancing away.

"After school, then," you say. "If we're OK with that, Mami? Homura? You're sure you won't come?"

"That sounds good," Mami agrees.

Homura's eyes flicker over to you. "I will likely be busy," she says.

"Right, sorry," you say. She *does* have an errand to run - but she'll be running that mostly under timestop. You rather suspect she just wants to keep an eye on Madoka instead. "Uh, sorry to be rushing through all this stuff right now, but I wanted to get it squared away before I forgot or something again."

"It's fine," Hitomi says, favouring you with an amused smile.

"It is!" Madoka agrees, nodding vigorously. "You have a lot to on your mind, I'm sure."

"Ah, well, it comes with the territory," you say, waving a dismissive hand. "'sides, I've got all my friends to help me relax, right?" You tighten your hug around Mami's waist for emphasis.

"Right!" Mami agrees, beaming.

Madoka nods again. "Right!" she echoes. Her eyes flick over to the clock mounted on the wall. "Ah... We shou-"

The bell rings, signaling the end of lunch and time for students to gather.

"-go," Madoka finishes with a sheepish smile.

"Mmm," you agree, standing. "See you all!"

Mami hops to her feet, lunchbox hanging loosely at her side. You smile at her, pulling her into a tight hug. "I'll see you after school," you promise, smiling.

"Alright," she says, wrapping her arms around you for a moment, before pulling away, expression flickering. The rest of your friends have already made themselves scarce. "I need to go."

"Yeah," you say. "Later, Mami."

She nods, smiling, before walking towards the stairwell with a backward glance.

You smile right back, warm and encouraging as she disappears out of sight. She picks up the pace, hurrying back to class.

Well.

Back to work, then.

You take to the air on wings of corruption, longcoat flapping behind you as you soar through the air. This time, you know exactly where you're going, making a beeline straight for the shopping center.

You drop straight to the roof, flaring your wings once to soften the landing before dismissing them to join the rest of your Grief. You detransform, stretching your senses out to find Sasa - not that she's particularly hard to find. She's still at the same place she was last, still sulking near the indoor fountain.

You stop just out of sight of her, contemplating how best to approach her.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

And here's Sasa.
