# Anomalous Materials pt. 29

Showtime.

Well, not really *show*time. You're not putting on a show. You're just going to be yourself, really.

Meguca are for saving, after all.

... even if they're not meguca. Like Sayaka wasn't and Sasa isn't.

Yet?

No, no *yet*. Meguca are for saving, even if they're not meguca.

Right.

You smile to yourself, turning the corner. The crowds are sparse enough that you spot Sasa easily, still skulking about near the fountain. And she really *is* skulking, hands planted firmly in the pockets of her dress and scowl practically etched in place.

You know her, too: a her from another time. A girl with a vicious, festering hatred of everyone better than her, and an inferiority complex to suit. She made a Wish to control those she saw as better than her, and in her eyes, that was... nearly everyone. Witches, too.

Ultimately, she fell to Oriko and Kirika. Defeated, and when she learned what Witches *were...* she broke her own Soul Gem.

She spots you coming first, scowl flickering to annoyance, and then suspicion as you don't break step. Her eyes dart to the sides, left, then right, as if checking for other people.

"Hi!" you say brightly, raising one hand in a brief wave.

"I don't know," she says, brusque and unfriendly as she brushes past you.

"Hm?" you ask, turning to follow her as she tries to stalk away.

"I don't know where the toilet or information counter or whatever is," she shoots over her shoulder, still walking away.

You have longer legs than her, and it isn't even an effort to keep up with her.

"I'm not looking for anything," you say.

"Great!" Sasa says, rounding on you. "Then what do you want?"

"Well..." you say. "Are you skipping school?"

She scowls at you, and spins to start walking away again.

"Hey, I didn't mean it that way," you say, longer strides letting you catch up. "I just mean... aren't you worried people will give you a hard time? I mean, I've walked my friend to school before, and the teacher there just glared at me. And all I did was stand there!"

"*Good* for you," Sasa snaps. "I'm perfectly fine."

"Yeah, well," you say. "Bloody truancy officers are *relentless*."

"Then shouldn't you be in school where you won't get disturbed by them, like a good little girl?" she snaps, dislike radiating from the taut lines of her body.

"Oh, I don't go to school, actually," you point out.

"Then go back to your own country and stop bothering me," she hisses, eyes narrowed and furious.

"Well," you say. "I live here, I just don't go to school. I'm kind of new to town, but I *do* live here. I don't *sound* like a foreigner, do I?"

The scowl on her face flickers uncertainly for a moment, before she turns away, resolutely marching *away* from you. You're drawing looks from the few shoppers wandering through the shopping center - you do make quite the pair. A short, Japanese girl apparently having a walking argument with a white haired, Caucasian girl, both of an age where you'd ostensibly be in school right now.

You persist, keeping pace with her and tucking a stray lock of hair away. You briefly wish you had nice, long hair like Homura's. Maybe a good hairflip would stop her in her tracks. "I'm Sabrina," you say. "May I know your name?"

"Why are you even bothering me?" she snaps, rounding on you.

"Well," you say. "Honestly? You seem kind of down. Had a rough day?"

"*I don't need your pity,*" she hisses, sullen, vicious fury flashing across her face. "I don't need a sanctimonious, meddling *foreigner* to be all *concerned* for me."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Kept this one short because, well, there isn't too much to write here.
