# Anomalous Materials pt. 33

You grin at Yuma, the buzzing swarm of Grief blades slowing to a slow, protective roil that curls around all three of you. "Well done, Yuma!" you tell her. "You're doing really well."

The little girl ducks her head, returning the smile. "It's thanks to big sis teaching Yuma," she protests.

Kyouko grunts, levering herself to her feet with her spear. "Yeah, well," she says, glancing away. "Wasn't like I was gonna let y' go and get yourself hurt."

You snicker, earning yourself an annoyed glare from Kyouko. The redhead stalks over to the edge of the precipice, grounding the butt of her spear in the rock with a crunch as she peers down at the oasis.

"Four or five stories down," she mutters, rippling her fingers on the haft of her spear. "Easy jump."

"Before that," you say, joining her. It's really just a little ledge, protruding near the top of the cavern wall. "I want to try and get a feel for whether the flower is actually the Witch or just a fakeout."

Kyouko wrinkles her nose. "Hnh. I reckon it's the real thing," she says, and shrugs ambivalently. "Not like I'm in a rush."

"Right, just a moment," you murmur, extending your hand, palm out towards the greenery below. It's probably psychosomatic, but it helps you focus your senses towards the flower and the greenery below.

*Bianca*.

Awareness of the name bubbles up through your mind, graven tones whispering in your ear.

That's her, then.

"Yeah," you agree. You glance at Kyouko, nodding. "You were right."

Kyouko snorts. "Nice t' have your approval, 'brina," she grunts, lips twisted into a sardonic expression.

"It is," you say mildly. "Some Witches like the bait and switch, after all."

She grimaces, looking back down at the Witch. "Soooooo..."

"I'll take the lead?" you offer. "Then you and Yuma?"

"Yeah, sure," Kyouko says, giving you an annoyed look.

"Well, then..." you bounce your hammer in your hand, leaning forward... and you let yourself tip backwards over the edge, grinning at Kyouko. "Geronimoooo!"

Over the rush of wind and rustle of your robes, you can hear Kyouko groan. "Oh, for- Yuma!"

Kyouko's right - it *isn't* a long fall. Your swarm of Grief blades boil around you, thousands of razor shards lancing out ahead of your fall.

The blades hit first, plunging deep into vines in bright fountains of luminous ichor, splashing across the cavern walls. But the rose, the great crimson blossom, is already writhing to life. It rises on huge, thorned vines, twisting with impossible motion that *hurts* to look at.

You miss, and you strike the cavern floor hammer-first to gouge a crater from the rough stone. The damage you add is barely noticeable amongst deep crevasses wide enough to fit you comfortably long etched by the prehensile roots.

You missed, by a fair margin.

But that's alright, because bare moments behind you-

Kyouko lands with a massive *thwack*, her spear wielded like an axe to bite deep into the flailing vines of the Witch as it crawls away. She pushes off, leaping away but leaving her spear embedded firmly in place.

Yuma comes down like a green thunderbolt, pounding the spear in with a cry of effort and a glowing green shockwave that pulses across the Barrier. You're already up on your feet at this point, arms sweeping grandly and longcoat whirling around you.

On your left and on your right, thorny vines closing in.

That's alright. You won't be here when they catch up.

In front of you, a scarred warren of trenches, crisscrossed by writhing vines. The ground quakes, glassy minions boiling from the holes in skittering hordes.

Which is *also* alright, because a thousand blades slice across the distance at your will, pounding into the Familiars as you leap high.

Green flashes ahead of you as a diminutive girl weaves in and out of the vines, a look of strained concentration on her face as she ducks-

*Just* in time for a thorned vine to whip by her head. Kyouko cannons into the Witch with a cry, spear flashing in the dim light as she cleaves through the offending vine.

The Witch is fully in view now, a writhing, vaguely octopus shaped mass. In the middle, the single crimson rose disappears under a coiling, protective cocoon, tiny flashes of red visible here and there as the vines snap through the air.

It vaguely *hurts* to look at, an odd, flickering quality to its movements, almost like a film missing a few keyframes.

You leap powerfully, blades whirling around you to punch through Familiars. Reversing your warhammer, you slam it spike first into one of the twisting vines, clinging on. "The flower?" you yell in Kyouko's general direction as the vine flails, trying to throw you off.

"Duh!" Kyouko yells back, managing to give you a disgruntled look even as she drives her spear into a squirming root and slicing through it.

"Got it!" The vine bucks wildly under you, trying to toss you off. You hang on with grim determination, watching the Witch intently.

... honestly, beyond waving its vines and roots and thorns at you in a generally threatening manner, the Witch hasn't actually *done* much.

A shudder reverberates up the side of the Witch as Yuma pounds several roots into slurry. The vine you're riding whips into a frenzy, thrashing and smashing wildly. It even crushes a few stray Familiars.

Also, you appear to be in a crater. One that, yes, you just made with your back, and the vine is squashing you rather uncomfortably against the rock, and your hammer is digging somewhat annoyingly into your gut.

You rip free with a yell -that *stung*- and a heave, Grief whipping around you in a violent form. You explode forward, kicking off the wall hard enough to crater it and soar through the air, longcoat flapping. You need something bigger.

Form follows will, Grief sweeping out in a long, cutting line that follows the knife edge of your palm as you whip your arm through a cutting arc. The streak of abyssal purple cleaves through stone and terminates in the ground, shearing away a clean half of vines. You miss the rose, half by design -you could have killed the Witch a dozen times over by now, but *Kyouko*- and half because it jerked away at the last moment.

Thorny vines and roots with the consistency of seasoned teak bounce away in sprays of sap.

Kyouko bounces into the gap almost before your Grief dissipates, battle cassock swirling around her. Her spear flashes, eyeblink-fast as it shatters into living segments. The chains crash through the air, pushing back the frantically contracting vines as Kyouko plunges into the heart of the Witch.

Crimson flakes scatter as she carves into it without mercy, the petals falling apart with a soft sigh under the whirling spearhead.

The vines quiver. Once, twice, trying to brush Kyouko away-

And the Witch dies.

Yuma runs in after Kyouko, mace smacking at whatever she can reach for that last bit of emphasis.

But the Witch is already dying, something giving way like a dam breaking. You can *feel* the living vitality gone out of the air in your Grief sense, the Barrier softening and starting to run in at the edges.

The Witch dies, and collapses, vines withering to blackness. Kyouko whirls her spear one more time in a spinning flourish before flicking it out to the side, still staring around warily. Yuma bounds to her side, throwing her arms around Kyouko's waist in a happy squeal.

Kyouko only relaxes when the three of you are disgorged from the collapsing Barrier, deposited without ceremony on a nearby rooftop. The familiar inrush of Grief in your senses is followed by the sharp ping of a Grief Seed appearing nearby, Kyouko scooping it up in one hand and finally unwinding enough to ruffle Yuma's hair.

She rolls her neck, glancing at you with faded crimson eyes. "So. Lunch?" she asks, casually slipping the Grief Seed into her pocket.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

So, just an FYI - I'll be going on vacation starting this weekend, for two weeks. I don't know how much time I'll have to write, but I'll see whether I can't update.
