# Anomalous Materials pt. 34

"Same place?" you ask. "Or somewhere else? I met some... nice people..." You break off into a fit of very fake coughs. "*CoughYakuzacoughcough-* who didn't mind being relieved of some pocket money."

Kyouko looks up from inspecting Yuma for injury. She blinks at you, squinting as if trying to decide whether you're being serious and apparently deciding that you *are*, promptly rolls her eyes towards the skies. "God *damn* it. You *would*, wouldn't you?"

You smile innocently. "Would what?"

She groans, palming her face. "Nevermind. Y' serious about eating somewher... Nah, you're serious. Uhhhh, Yuma, any ideas?"

"Yuma doesn't know any good restaurants," Yuma says, looking down at the floor.

Well. You were going to ask her, but... well, no. Since Kyouko already asked, and you're not going to push, in any case.

Kyouko scowls, tugging at her enormous red mane. "There's a place nearby," she says speculatively.

"And?" you say. "Cleansing, by the way?"

"Uh, yeah," Kyouko says, fumbling at her throat for her Soul Gem. "Yeah, thanks. And the place is kinda pricey?"

Yuma produces her own Soul Gem, too, holding it up for you with both hands and a bright smile.

You shrug as you cleanse their Soul Gems. "I have money," you say, taking a moment to wipe your own clean and gather the Grief for storage.

Kyouko eyes you, sighing. "God damn it," she grumbles. "*How* do you make it so hard to take advantage of you?"

"Well, I'm offering," you say, smirking at her. "That's how. Anyway, lead on?"

She sighs again, aggrieved. "Ugh," she grumbles, stalking over to the edge of the roof and peering down before hopping over.

Yuma gives you a tentative little smile. "Big sis is just being tsundere," she confides.

You laugh, reaching out to pat her on the head. "Is that your new favourite word now?"

"Yee-eessssss?" she says, giggling a little. "Big sis *is* tsundere. She's always being nice to me but if I ask she pretends she doesn't mean to be."

"Oi, you two coming?" Kyouko's voice floats up from below in the alley, irritable and grumpy.

"Yeah, yeah," you say, vaulting the ledge at the edge of the roof and dropping to the alley below in a flurry of leather. You find Kyouko already detransformed and giving you a suspicious look, one she transfers to Yuma when the shorter girl lands.

Without saying anything more, she snorts and turns to head out of the alley.

"Go ahead," you tell Yuma, raising one hand. "I'll catch up."

The green haired girl nods, and bounces out of the alley after Kyouko as a sphere of Grief slaps into your hand. You crack it open, the deep purple material melting apart at your will to reveal the neatly piled stacks of notes. Humming thoughtfully, you add a few larger notes to your wallet, and seal it back up before destransforming and hurrying out of the alley.

You catch up with them just in time to see Yuma sidling up to Kyouko and holding her hand up to her adopted older sister.

Without even seeming to notice it consciously, Kyouko takes Yuma's hand, squeezing a little.

You don't even bother to hide your smile. You're walking behind them, after all.

"So Yuma," you say, taking a few quick steps to catch up. The streets are nearly empty at this time of the day, even the lunch crowd dispersing. "Kyouko's training you, right?"

"Yeah!" Yuma says, nodding vigorously. "Big sis is a really good teacher! She always encourages me and praises me and-"

"Shut it, brat," Kyouko says gruffly, ruffling Yuma's hair.

"OK," Yuma says, peeking at you from under her bangs and *winking* at you.

Don't laugh don't laugh don't laugh you don't *want* a spear in your guts even if Yuma would heal it for you don't laugh *don't laugh-*

You manage to swallow your laughter. "Soooo what do you think about getting a training partner? About my age? I mean, it's up to Kyouko, but well, thought I'd ask you."

Kyouko shoots you a glare. "Oi."

"Um?" you ask, blinking at her.

"I haven't said yes yet," she grunts. "Y' can stop leaning on Yuma now, thanks."

"... Oh," you say. "Uh. Sorry. I was just kind of teasing, really."

Yuma bumps against Kyouko's leg. "I'm sure Sabrina didn't mean anything, big sis..."

Kyouko groans, rubbing her face. "You probably bleedin' well don't," she grumbles. "We're here."

You raise an eyebrow at the indicated place. Another buffet place, yes, and... Well, if price is any indication of quality, then this is about twice as good as the last place. Good thing you can afford it, what with the way you've padded your purse out.

You shrug. "Sure," you say easily, stepping forward and catching a waiter's eye. "Table for three."

All three of you are shown to a table in short order, with only mildly curious glances from the wait staff. You're practically the only people in the restaurant at this time, and you don't exactly make the most inconspicuous group.

Kyouko hops to her feet. "C'mon, Yuma," she says, starting for the buffet line.

You follow, filling up a small plate of your own. This place seems, interestingly enough, Chinese food themed. A bit of braised pork, some stir-fried vegetables, steamed fish... pass on the carbs, you decide. As a puella magi, you probably can't get fat, but there's still no reason to overeat.

Kyouko arrives back at the table with Yuma in tow, both of them carrying plates piled *high* with food. You smile at them. "Let's eat!"

You dig in, savouring the food. It's good Chinese food, not too heavily flavoured, and the braised pork all but dissolves in your mouth. You take your time to enjoy it, watching your two companions.

Yuma's doing better. Much better. There's a... healthier look to her, more smiles, less nervous tension. Less of that haunted, wary look that flashed across her face when you first met her. You feel kind of like hugging her, really. You can't imagine she had very many from her bitch of a mother.

Honestly Kyouko deserves a hug too, and really, everyone you know. You don't believe you've hugged Madoka yet, which is kind of egregious when you've technically given Hiroko a hug. Then again, you most emphatically have *not* given Sasa Yuuki a hug. Or Ono.

Of course, Mami's received plenty of hugs. It's sort of your default resting position, to be honest.

... Hm.

Kyouko leaves for a second plate somewhere during your musings, followed shortly by Yuma a minute later. Bottomless pits, the both of them.

Speaking -or thinking- of Kyouko, you *do* need to ask her about the sudden Grief accumulation.

"*Hey, Kyouko?*" you pulse telepathically.

Her mental sigh rattles about your head. "*Yeah?*"

"*So I didn't ask earlier, but about your Soul Gem-*" she cuts you off.

"*Later,*" Kyouko grunts without looking up from the buffet line. "*Listen, I don't wanna talk about it. But I got a feeling you're gonna dig and dig, and you're the one... footing the bill, metaphorically speaking, so... But not in front a' Yuma.*"

"*Right,*" you say, suitably chastised.

Kyouko returns with a laden plate, dusky red eyes resting on you for a long moment. She grimaces, looking back down at her plate, but manages an easy smile for Yuma when she returns.

The three of you eat in peace, Kyouko and Yuma both demolishing several plates apiece. Bottomless pits the both of them. Yuma finishes first, pushing her plate aside and patting her rounded stomach happily. Kyouko's slowing, on her sixth plate to Yuma's fifth, and you guess she's nearly done, too.

"So... Kyouko. Do you know about Walpurgisnacht?" you ask tentatively.

She glances up at you, frowning around a mouthful. "No?" she answers after chewing and swallowing.

You sigh. "The so-called Queen of Witches, though really, it's only *one* of a handful. It... it's big, strong, and it's coming to wipe Mitakihara off the map. Do you happen to have any plans for the thirtieth of April?"

Emotions flicker across Kyouko's face, before settling on restrained anger. "Mami get killed off sometime recently?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Greetings from vacation!
