# Anomalous Materials pt. 35

Your hand slams onto the table, making the plates -and Yuma- jump. Kyouko's gaze hardens, meeting yours. Faded carmine against sky blue.

She doesn't say anything, holding your eyes defiantly.

Your jaw works silently for a moment as you leash your anger, biting back anything *unwise* you might say. But at the same time - you're not going to be *diplomatic*, either. She's talking about *Mami*. She's talking about your friend. About someone who's *her* friend, too, albeit estranged.

"*Fucking* hell, Kyouko," you snarl. Yuma quails away from you, but here and now, you don't care. "Do you really think I would be here all *sunshine and rainbows* if she had?"

"Then the fuck do you get off, tryin' t' get me there?" Kyouko snaps, not giving an inch. "Y'know about our- history." She bites the word out bitterly.

"\*I'm bringing it up, Kyouko, because Walpurgisnacht is like a damned \*hurricane," you hiss into her mind, the cold bite of anger colouring your mental voice. "\*When the Queen of Witches shows up, *entire cities* get \*wiped off the map. \*Cities, plural, and this might include Kasamino too, because *hello*, Mitakihara is \*right there." You flick two fingers at the window.

Kyouko leans forward on the table, half empty plate forgotten. She's probably going to say something, but you cut her off.

"*It's bad enough that Mami's looking at us hiring girls from around the country to come and help us fight it,*" you snap. Your anger, leashed as it is, melts away. You close your eyes wearily. "*I- *god*, Kyouko, I've been telling magical girls I know in the region so that they can at least get the *hell* out of the way if they're not going to fight. I thought it'd be better if *I* were the one to tell you because I *know* you and Mami have a complicated history, and-*"

Kyouko cuts you off this time, with a slashing motion of her hand. "*And y' thought the best way to do that was with a recruiting pitch, huh? Like I'd just fall into fucking line and march? Me 'n Yuma?*"

Your anger, already melting away, dies. "*No. Let me be *perfectly* clear. I am *not* here to demand your help or put you through some kind of guilt tripping or- or whatever bullshit!*"

Kyouko sneers at you. Yuma, already wilting, quails even from that. "*Yeah, and you just *happen* to make it sound like one.*"

"*That was a mistake,*" you admit. "\*Look. I would like your help. I would! But if you decide to sit it out, *that's fine* too. Just treat it as a warning instead - it's *not* going to stop me from coming 'round to make sure the two of you are OK. That'll happen \*no matter what."

You smile crookedly. "*I think you know me at this point. I'm too damned idealistic and stubborn to stay away, even if you started greeting me with a spear to the gut.*" You pause, rubbing your mouth. "*Please don't start greeting me with a spear to the gut.*"

Kyouko rolls her eyes, grimacing and starting to cram food into her mouth again, snatching food off the plate and cramming it into her mouth with unnecessary force.

You choose not to interrupt, letting her work through it. Instead, you try to catch Yuma's eye - but she doesn't seem to notice, slumped over in the chair with her fringe shading her eyes.

It only takes a few minutes for Kyouko to work through her plate, and she flounces off to the buffet line. She returns with a plate laden with fruit, shoving it halfway between herself and Yuma. The younger girl doesn't really seem to notice as Kyouko chomps her way through a few slices of honeydew, followed by an apple.

Finally, Kyouko sighs, softening and ruffling Yuma's hair. The green haired girl curls into her, burying her face against Kyouko's side. "Fine," Kyouko grunts. "Yuma 'n I'll be goin' to a hotel after this. Y' coming?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Here, have a short update from vacationland! I have, sadly been able to find any Oriko merchandise despite scouring Akihabara.
