# Anomalous Materials pt. 36

"Yeah," you agree. Not much of a *decision* to make, really. She *did* promise you an explanation, and she's your friend. Of course you have time for her.

First things first, though.

"I... one thing, before we go?" you ask, meeting Kyouko's eyes.

She shrugs, waving her hand at you to go on.

You take a deep breath. "I'm sorry." You try to breathe as much sincerity as you can into the words. "I'm sorry for poking my nose where it doesn't belong; I *knew* that it wasn't going to be pretty. I didn't think things through. And I'm sorry for that."

Kyouko doesn't say anything, kicking the chair back and rising. "Y' coming?" she repeats, still holding Yuma's hand. The younger girl follows her, giving the older puella magi a worried look.

"Yeah," you sigh, rising. You'd already paid up front, so you follow Kyouko and Yuma out of the restaurant, and down a side alley. Without a word, Kyouko transforms, Yuma and yourself following suit moments later.

"We're going to the Grand Copthorne Hotel," she informs you, glancing back for a moment before bounding upwards for the rooftops. You sigh, staring up at her disappearing form and crouching to follow.

You're interrupted by a small hand tugging at your sleeve.

"Sabrina?" Yuma whispers.

"Yeah, Yuma?" you ask.

"I-" she looks down, wrapping her arms around yourself.

You recognise that pose. Oh, you know it.

"Big sis hides things from Yuma," she whispers. "That's alright. Big sis can't talk about everything, and Yuma understands. Yuma... doesn't want to talk about everything, either."

You nod, swallowing.

"Make it right," she whispers, quiet and urgent. "Make it right. Yuma isn't- big sis hides it. But she was hurt, too. H-her family, and t-the. Ma-"

"Oi!" Kyouko calls. "You coming?"

You crane your head back, spotting Kyouko's voluminous mane silhouetted against the sky. "Yeah, coming! Just complimenting Yuma on her performance in the fight, since I didn't really get the chance to do it properly."

You nod at Yuma. "Yeah," you say. "I plan to." Giving her a quick, reassuring smile, you leap after Kyouko.

By the time Yuma joins you on the roof, Kyouko's produced a small plastic bag from somewhere on her costume. Despite yourself, you're amused to note that it's full of food purloined from the buffet line, Kyouko grabbing morsels to stuff into her mouth. She pockets the bag, grumbling. "Finally. C'mon."

She takes off over the rooftops, forcing you to follow. Yuma keeps up easily, bounding ahead of you with easy movements despite her shorter legs. The benefits of a dedicated education, you suppose.

The duo lead you to one of the fancier buildings along the skyline, the white and cream building rising out of a riverfront promenade to overlook the shimmering expanse.

"*Yuma, call it,*" Kyouko grunts as you approach the neighbouring building - one that's a fair bit shorter than the hotel building.

"*Um...*" Yuma says. "*Twenty second floor, left side?*"

"*Good,*" Kyouko responds. She vaults with her spear, arcing high and slinging it out ahead of her to hook against the side of a balcony. Yuma launches herself with a burst of shimmering green, latching onto the balcony beside Kyouko.

... Nineteen, twenty, twenty one... twenty two.

... The benefits of a focused education.

By the time you boost yourself up to join the duo with a powerful leap and an abbreviated pair of wings that swirl into and out of existence just long enough for one flap, Kyouko's already broken into the hotel room, tossing herself onto the plush sofa. Yuma curls up beside her, burrowing her head against Kyouko's side.

"I'll be out here," you call, leaning against the balcony railing and looking away. You start musing about science, the designs joined by Mami in a lab coat. Hm. If you turned *your* coat white, that'd be close enough to a lab coat, really. Though... you rather suspect that Mami would do better leading up a hypothetical meguca company rather than Science, even if she *is* rather good at it...

Kyouko joins you at the railing a few minutes later. Without looking, you can feel Yuma behind you, curling up on the sofa like a cat.

"Roof," Kyouko grunts, vaulting the railing with one hand, spear forming with a crimson burst of light in the other. She hops upwards, boots and spear finding purchase on the outer wall.

With a sigh, you form wings and follow her up to the roof to find her lounging on the top of the antenna mast, one leg dangling. You find a seat next to her, perching on one arm of the humming mast.

Kyouko sighs, leaning back against the mast. She's looking away from you, over the river. "So," she drawls. "What happened."

"Mmm," you say.

She glances sidelong at you. "Y' got any family?" she asks.

You waggle your hands. "Not... that I know of," you say. "Amnesia and all, yeah?"

"Mmmrghl." Kyouko makes an inarticulate noise. "Right. I don't either."

"... Ah. I'm sorry?" you say.

She scowls. "What's *Miss Better-Than-Thou* told you about *me*?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

You know, returning from my vacation in Japan, I've concluded that the most unrealistic thing in PMAS is Sabrina getting into a restaurant without having to *queue* for it.
