# Anomalous Materials pt. 37

Anger surges across your mind for a moment, and you debate throwing something sharp and *vicious* in Kyouko's face.

"She doesn't say much," you bite out, twisting around to face her fully. "She doesn't even like to talk about it. I mean, I *told* you. She's in a bad place - she can barely manage two sentences about *you* before stopping."

You don't miss the pain that flashes across Kyouko's face before her expression twists, bitter and unpleasant. "Yeah, and? I'm waiting."

Your jaw tightens. Oh, you can see the regret and the deeply buried resentment and the pain hidden behind the lashing out. Here and now, though...

"That you were friends," you snap. "That you were her student. That you parted on very bad terms. That she *regrets* how things went."

Kyouko's head rocks back with a sharp inhale, as if slapped.

Here and now, the truth cuts deep.

"Yeah?" Kyouko manages, voice rougher than usual. "She tell you *she* drove me out?"

"No. No, she didn't," you say.

Because that's not what happened.

You could call her out on it.

"Yeah, well," Kyouko snaps, looking back over the river. "Hope that doesn't tarnish your relationship."

You pull your legs up with a sigh, shifting to sit cross-legged on the antenna spar, coat dangling over the back. "What does this have to do with anything?" you ask, rather than touch *that* particular problem.

"Got any family?" Kyouko asks, not looking at you.

"Search me," you respond, sighing again. "Amnesia, you know?"

Kyouko grunts, falling silent for a long moment. "Good f' you," she mutters. "More fucking trouble than it's worth."

"... what happened?" you ask, frowning.

She sighs. "My family is dead," she spits out. "And it's *my* fucking fault because *I* used my fucking *magic* to *help-*" Her mouth clicks shut, eyes widening in shock. Her throat works, as if she's trying to swallow something.

Jamming her hand roughly into her pocket, Kyouko produces that plastic bag and starts shoving food into her mouth, barely pausing to chew before swallowing in convulsive gulps.

Well, there it is.

You give her a minute, during which she empties out the bag. She tosses it aside to land somewhere with a wet splat, replacing it with a packet of what looks like taffy.

You sigh, thumping your head back against the metal framework of the antenna with a soft clang. "Frankly, I doubt that," you say.

"And what do *you* know?" Kyouko spits. "You've got all the fucking power in the world, don'tcha? Y' can do whatever you want."

"More power, more things to do with it," you counter, looking up at the sky. It's easier to evade the question when you're not looking directly at her. "More things that can go wrong. But I really, really doubt it," you say. "What happened?"

Kyouko makes an inarticulate, bitter noise, slamming a fist into the metal of the antenna mast with enough force to set the entire thing ringing. She's probably ruining reception for everyone in the hotel right now, to be honest. She collapses bonelessly a moment later, slumping against the steel.

"Y' ever wonder what people'd think 'bout you?" Kyouko mutters, sounding tired and defeated. "If they see how you've changed?"

You can't say you do. You... don't remember far back enough for that to be a concern, and you're striving to be the best person you *can* be, in the eyes of your friends. You're not perfect. Introspection is one thing, and you *do* always take care to try and consider how your actions affect the people you know, but...

Well, you can't honestly say yes to Kyouko's question.

Kyouko seems to take your silence as *some* sort of answer. Or maybe it doesn't really matter.

"'s fucking stupid," she mutters, fumbling in her pocket. Silently, she extracts a flimsy piece of paper from her pocket, practically throwing it at you - to no real avail. Paper is paper, after all.

You grab the fluttering paper, peeling it open carefully. It's a newspaper cutout, a tiny square clumsily torn from a larger sheet.

> Article:
>
> **Sakura church to be demolished**
>
> Visitors to South Eastern Kasamino will soon be surprised by large changes to a local landmark.
>
> Sakura Church has been purchased by Nakano Corporation for redevelopment.
>
> The church, was once the site of the meteoric rise of Pastor Sakura's teachings, which lasted until an unknown schism dispelled his flock. A subsequent fire rendered the building unfit for human use, and the picturesque building has stood for over a year before its purchase.
>
> The demolition is scheduled for July 2011, later this year, and...

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Sorry for the short and late update. Been utterly exhausted this week.
