# Anomalous Materials pt. 38

Damn. Damn damn damn damn *damn*.

Madokami *damn* it all.

Yeah, that makes an *unfortunate* amount of sense. Explains her Soul Gem earlier, too.

Speaking of which... you can sense her Soul Gem filling, slowly and steadily. Nowhere near anything dangerous yet, but it's something you'll have to remember to take care of before you leave.

"It's *not* stupid, Kyouko," you say, shaking your head and earning a glare from her. "It isn't stupid at all. I... look. I don't remember anything about my life before... a few days ago."

Kyouko seems to deflate, the anger draining out of her body. "Yeah. Good f' you," she mutters, glaring out over the river.

"No no no, you *look* at me and let me finish," you snap, drawing Kyouko's attention back to you. "I *don't* remember anything about my life, but if I found out that anything *this* big, this *important*, of my past was gonna be wiped away, I'd have Soul Gem issues too."

"'Soul Gem issues'," Kyouko echoes, lips twisting bitterly. "Yeah. One way t' put it."

You sigh. "Look, it's a building... and what matters is what it matters for you. What do you want to do?"

She shrugs.

"Kyouko... I'm not going to presume to know if you want to try and save it, but *if* you do, I'll help," you say. "And there's *plenty* that can be done."

Kyouko sighs, stuffing more taffy into her mouth and slumping bonelessly against the antenna spar. "Ugh."

"Why ugh?" you press. "I'm sure we can work something out. And look, Kyouko, you know what you asked me? About what people would think of you if they see how you'd changed?"

Her posture stiffens, and she gives you a dangerous, edged look. "Don't," she growls, crimson eyes hard. "Don't you *dare*."

"Fine," you say. You backpedal, mentally and verbally. "I'll tell you what *I* see. It's what *anyone* can see. *I* see someone who, even after losing *everything* and living on the street, fighting just to survive, *still* found it in her to take in Yuma and care for her. You *lost* everything, you're livi-"

Kyouko holds up her hand, rolling her eyes. "Enough," she snaps. "*Enough*. I get it. Just... shut up."

You fall silent, mouth shutting with a click. She doesn't... actually seem angry, though? Just pensive.

Your gaze drifts over to Mitakihara, over the river. From here, you can spot some familiar landmarks - for one, you can see the DBJ building, where you'd spent time with Mami. And there's that big park on the hill over there, where you're going to have the picnic tomorrow\... you try and spot the apartment you share with Mami, but it's out of sight from here.

You briefly contemplate taking over the yakuza. They'd probably have the power to stop Nakano Corporation, right? Though you're pretty sure Nakano Corporation's one of Japan's largest urban development companies, and international to boot. Hm. Taking over the yakuza wouldn't be a problem, and since they're international, they'd have the clout to fight them, you think.

... then again, you *did* kind of burn the yakuza's money. Shot yourself in the foot in more than one way, there, though you'd never really thought about taking over the yakuza at the point. And on the other hand, it's not like the money you'd burned would be a major part of the yakuza's operations, not when they're global.

Hm. You do have to wonder if there are magical girls in the yakuza. Hell, maybe a magical girl took them over already, and has been orchestrating events via proxies and such. It's... not *impossible*, given the world you live in. Though it does mean magical girls might be coming after you for stealing and burning their cash.

Ah, well. That's something to deal with when the time comes, you guess.

"'s about a month until they start the demolition, anyway," Kyouko mumbles with a sigh. "I'll... go through the grounds or something. Next week."

"Kyouko..." you say. "I- look, don't give up on it. We can still save the church, if you want."

"The place is dead," she says, closing her eyes. "God, I don't- I have-" she sighs, shoulders slumping. "More good memories than bad. But they're gone. All gone."

Kyouko blows out a sharp, harsh breath and straightens. She tilts her head back and slants you a lazy smirk, fang poking out from her mouth. "So. You said something 'bout beating the sense into some girl, yeah?"

You blink at the sudden subject change. "Yeah, I did, but-"

"No." Kyouko cuts you off again, drawl deliberately thick. "'brina, thanks, but no thanks. Or what th' hell, thanks for listening to me vent. Not so much the speech. I-" She makes a face. "I'll bring Yuma wit' me for the trip, how's that."

"She asked me to make things right, you know," you say, frowning.

"Yeah, and?" Kyouko asks. "Some things can't be made right wit' just a speech. But y' got a point, I guess. I *am* taking care of Yuma." She shrugs, reaching for the Soul Gem at her throat. "Something for me t' keep in mind." She extends the Soul Gem to you, raising a challenging eyebrow.

You huff, and cleanse her Soul Gem with a casual wave. Grief billows into the air, and you let it circle your hand once before coalescing it into a bare handful of marbles.

Kyouko rolls her neck and shoulders. "Thanks. Now, 'bout that training, yeah? I got a question - how're y' gonna deal with Mami?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

And here we go. I'm trying to ramp my update speed back up.
