# Anomalous Materials pt. 39

It takes you a moment to cotton onto what she's asking for. It's a valid concern, you guess, but it's one you know how to handle.

You grin, and raise an eyebrow. "Well," you say. "Unlike *some* people, Mami appreciates my speeches."

You pause.

"... sometimes, anyway," you amend, briefly debating adding Grief sunglasses for emphasis. Hm. Maybe not this time.

Kyouko makes an annoyed sound. "Do I really need to fucking spell it out for you, or are you just acting dumb?"

"Maybe?" you say, with an easy shrug. "I've already talked to her about this. Well, not *this* this, but I mean, I've talked to her and Homura about Sayaka needing extra training."

"Homura?" Kyouko asks, frowning at you.

"The time stopper," you say. "I told you about her before, right?"

Kyouko frowns. "Ah, right. You did," she says, before her expression hardens again. "But you're still missing my point."

"Hm?" you ask, frowning right back. "What do you mean?"

She sighs, head lolling forward on her neck. "God," she mutters. "Look, *you* said she breaks down if she so much 's talks about me. The hell do you plan on doing about that? And tellin' her *I'm* comin' back t' her stomping grounds?"

You exhale. She has a point about Mami, you suppose. You take a moment to muse about the etymology of her muskets - strictly speaking, the term *mostly* refers to smoothbore long arms, even if rifled muskets existed. But rifled muskets were known as such because they were *direct* replacements for existing muskets, and thus were effectively the same weapon bar the rifling.

The term musket *feels* right, though.

"God," she mutters, rubbing at her forehead again. "Are your plans *usually* this bad?"

"No!" you say, defending yourself reflexively. "I- look, fine, that's not the first thing that sprang to mind for me."

"Do *better*," Kyouko spits, her drawl thickening. "Look, I ain't gonna pass up a chance t' rub this in her face, even by proxy or whatever. But I'm *not* gonna waltz into a firefight with *her*."

"It's not going to come to that," you say, chewing the inside of your cheek for a moment. "Look, I really have talked to her. We all agree Sayaka needs weapons training, once she's got the basics down, and, well. You're the most skilled melee specialist in the region."

Kyouko stares at you. "If y' think *logic* has anything t' do with this, you're an idiot."

You groan, rubbing your face and straightening to meet her eyes. "What do you care? It's my problem to handle," you say. "I'll figure it out and then let you know how it's gonna work. You're in, right?"

The antenna mast creaks as Kyouko leans forward, a strangely intent, a strangely *intense*, look on her face. "What you're planning on doing?" she snaps.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

As part of my attempt to update faster, I think I'm going to stop forcing updates to go too long. With that said, unless you say something *drastically* wrong, you'll probably be headed off in the next update. Vote accordingly.
