# Anomalous Materials pt. 41

... Ah, what are you doing. Why antagonise the truancy officer? It's not like he's hurting you - and he's just doing his job. Making sure your peers go to school and all.

It's not *his* fault you're weird.

You break off your staring contest, and dip your head in a half nod, half bow.

Reluctantly, he nods back.

Just as you're about to offer him a sheepish grin and a shrug, the bell rings. Your attention snaps to the school building, and you push your senses out, hunting for your friends.

You find Mami's unmistakeable presence instantly. She speeds down the corridors, breaking into a sprint moments later and then taking the stairs down three at a time.

Your arms are already rising by the time she bursts out through the front door, and you grab Mami in a tight hug that lifts her off her feet. Laughing exuberantly, you spin her in a circle before setting her down. "Hi, Mami," you say, pulling back just far enough to beam at her.

Her face is a little flushed as she beams back at you. "Hi, Sabrina," she says. "I- I t-tried not to call you so much." She worries at her lip a little. "Is that OK?"

... huh. So she did, didn't she?

You shake your head, giving her a warm smile. "Mami, you didn't have to do that," you say softly. "I don't mind at all, you know?"

"I- I know," she says, looking down. "I know."

"Hey, Sabrina! Hey, Mami!" You look up to see Sayaka waving enthusiastically, and Madoka frozen halfway to reaching out to stop her. Hitomi's *also* reaching for Sayaka, working hand frozen midair and eyes wide. Homura trails a step behind Madoka, expression unamused.

You step back a little from Mami to face your friends. Just a little, so that you're side by side, but still close enough to keep one arm around Mami. "Hey, everyone," you call back, waving. You're tempted to give them hugs, and... maybe you should, but you hold off on it for now. Hm. You haven't hugged Hitomi nor Madoka at *all* yet.

Maybe later.

For now, hugs from and for Mami take priority.

"Hi, Sabrina," Madoka says, smiling. You exchange greetings with everyone and start to head down the street, waving the truancy officer goodbye with a cheeky grin.

"What was that?" Sayaka asks, giving you a raised eyebrow.

"Oh, I think I've come to an understanding with Mr. Truancy Officer back there," you say with an easy smirk. "I mean, not that he was really giving me any trouble, but..."

Sayaka snorts. "You do kinda stick out," she agrees.

You shrug. "It's not like it's *my* fault," you say. "Anyway. What's everyone doing this afternoon?"

"Training!" Sayaka shoots back, bouncing on her toes. "Hope you haven't forgotten that, Sabrina-*sempai*, Mami-sempai!"

You snort. "'course not," you say, bumping Mami with your hip. She gives you a bright smile. "Hitomi, Madoka? Homura?"

"I'm expected home," Hitomi says. "But I finally managed to convince my parents that I don't need to be ferried from school, so I can take my time. I was... wondering if I could watch?"

"Good to hear," you say. "And I don't mind. Mami? Sayaka? Madoka?"

Sayaka shrugs. "Sure, why not?"

"I have no objections," Mami agrees. "The more, the merrier."

"I have errands to run," Homura says. You catch her eye, and she nods infinitesimally. "They can't wait."

"Aw, shame," Sayaka says. "Madoka?"

"Ah... I could watch? If that's alright?" Madoka asks.

"Sounds good to me," you say with a smile. Mami nods in agreement.

Sayaka flashes a grin. "Sure. You'll get to see me be awesome!"

You can't help but notice the frown on Homura's face. Taking a quick step forward, you cut in with, "Don't count on it, Sayaka\~"

Simultaneously, you reach out to Homura. "*I'll keep an eye on her.*"

She snorts, spring in her step undiminished by either your admonition or the two schoolbags she's carrying. "We'll see!"

Homura's head turns slightly, and her eyes catch yours for a long moment before she nods.

You flash a quick smile back.

"Soooo, the same junkyard?" Sayaka asks, bouncing ahead of your little group.

You shrug. "Mami?"

"Yes, I think so," she responds, golden curls bobbing with her nod of approval. "It's a good training area."

"Onwards, then!" You jab a finger at the air, beaming.

And onwards you go. Homura splits off as you approach the junkyard, waving a stiffly polite goodbye to everyone and giving you one last meaningful look.

You wave her off. You know.

"So!" you say as you help Hitomi over a fallen metal pipe. "What's on the schedule today, Mami?"

She smiles, warm and pleased. In her element. "I thought that maybe I'd spar with Sayaka first, today," she says. "Nothing too strenuous. Then I think we'll have time to explore her copying powers a little, but we're going to hunt a Witch after this, right?"

"Yup!" you confirm. "So... Maybe an hour, or two here, then the hunt?"

"Oh, oh!" Sayaka waves her hand in the air, as if in class instead of standing in a loose circle with everyone. "How long will the hunt be?"

"The search for a Witch is usually the longest part of the hunt," Mami says. "It might be anywhere from ten minutes to an hour. Though of course, with Sabrina to help us, it won't take nearly as long. Defeating the Witch and its Familiars will be perhaps half an hour, depending on the size of the Barrier."

Sayaka wilts a little, before perking up. She raises a clenched fist. "'course! We'll just finish it quickly, then!" she declares.

Mami chuckles. "Don't get overconfident, Sayaka," she admonished. She takes a step back and transforms.

You grin, tugging Madoka and Hitomi backwards and out of harm's way. "C'mon," you say. "This is gonna be good."

A cerulean blaze of light follows, leaving Sayaka in her outfit, too. She grins confidently, brandishing a sword in each hand.

"Hey, wait, wait!" you call. A flicker of will brings Grief sweeping in, streaming away from the spheres to form three chairs. You take a moment to add arm and backrests, contoured for proper lumbar support and everything. Each one floats half a meter above the ground - one each for Madoka, Hitomi, and yourself.

Madoka eyes the chair with an eager look, hopping onto it and reclining against the back with a happy sigh. "This is a *nice* chair," she says.

Hitomi gives Madoka's blissful expression a dubious look before seating herself.

"Alright," you say, flopping onto your own and flashing Mami and Sayaka a thumbs up. "We're good."

"... Really?" Sayaka asks.

You shrug. "What, do you see anywhere better to sit?" You gesture around at the junkyard, full of rusting hulks of cars and sand crusty with oil.

Mami shakes her head, giving you a fond smile. "Oh, Sabrina."

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

  - [x] Time for Seyiku training! Again, let Mami take the lead. If and *only* if they bring up having Sayaka copy your powers, agree to do so after a warning to be careful - otherwise don't bring it up.
  - [x] Once Mami feels satisfied with the progress for today, go hunt a witch with Sayaka.

\=====​

Really, the important thing to vote for here is to decide who you cheer for.
