# Anomalous Materials pt. 42

You reach a hand out, gathering Grief for a moment... and you let it die out, tapping your chin. You're tempted to form a microphone and start yelling out commentary, but that might be a bit *too* silly.

The Grief disperses.

You'll cheer normally.

"Can we staaaaaart yet?" Sayaka asks, bouncing on her toes.

"Madoka? Hitomi?" you ask. Rubbing your chin as you ruminate a little, you reach out telepathically. "*Hey, Mami?*"

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" she asks as your friends indicate their assent.

"Alright, then!" you call, beaming at Mami and Sayaka. "On go." To Mami, you add, "*I'll cheer mostly for Sayaka, if that's OK? I know you'll win, and she's inexperienced and could use the extra confidence...*"

Mami flashes you a smile. "*I understand, Sabrina,*" she responds. "*Thank you for telling me.*"

"\*Thank \*you." You smile back, and raise your hand high above your head with three fingers extended. "Three!" you bark, lowering a finger with the count. "Two! One! Go!"

Sayaka explodes into motion with a yell. She darts straight at Mami, both swords swinging overhead.

Mami sidesteps.

Her movement is so smooth you barely even register it. She twirls and kicks. One foot lashes out to smash aside Sayaka's sword as the bluenette squawks in outrage.

Hitomi claps, as if she's watching some sport. Which, in a way, she is. Madoka just watches looking torn between excitement and worry.

"Don't just rush in, Sayaka," Mami admonishes, smiling gently and pressing her palms together. She separates them to reveal a gleaming musket.

"Right," Sayaka says, setting her jaw raising her swords again.

"Come on, Sayaka!" you cheer.

Sayaka nods, and darts forward again. Booted feet pelt across the sand, feinting left-

\-and darting right. Mami's musket is already swinging across. Sayaka slams one sword into the musket, knocking the muzzle upwards.

You barely notice her depress the trigger.

The sword bucks, and the blade rockets off. Mami's musket goes flying, torn out of her hands.

Sayaka drops the hilt, and her hand snakes out.

It *just* brushes against the bare skin above Mami's elbow. You can *feel* the spark of magic when Sayaka snatches for the power.

Mami leaps back, laughing. "Well done, Sayaka! That was an excellent feint."

You whoop joins Madoka's and Hitomi's cheers. "Whoo! Go Sayaka!"

Sayaka grins, flexing her fingers. Ribbons slash at Mami, evaded in a graceful pirouette.

Mami finishes the spin with a musket levelled. Just in time - Sayaka charges hard on the heels of the string ribbons.

The musket booms. Sayaka's forced to skitter aside, the missed shot kicking up dust behind her.

"Come on, Sayaka!" you call. "You mustn't run away!"

She throws you a dirty look before bounding straight up into the air. Her cape swirls and snaps behind her as she *soars*. She yells, drawing back her remaining sword in a two handed swing.

Mami already has a new musket into her shoulder. One eye squeezes shut as she aims at Sayaka's descending form. The shot cracks out.

At the mercy of gravity, Sayaka doesn't -can't- evade.

The musket ball explodes into ribbons. Shining gold lashes out at Sayaka, seeking to twist and entangle.

With a desperate cry, Sayaka throws her hand out. White ribbons explode forth to clash against Mami's ribbons. Sayaka kicks off the air and backflips away.

It's Mami's turn to bolt for Sayaka, all grace and pure, clean élan. She tosses her musket aside, producing two new ones with an elegant flourish. One to each hand. She fires without breaking steps, twin cracks ringing out.

Sayaka yelps, stumbling. She slashes desperately, sparks flying from the single hit. The other ball bursts into golden ribbons.

You lean forward in your chair, anticipatory despite yourself, and-

Swords.

Shining steel slashes out, a thicket of gold-hilted weaponry stabbing out of the ground. Sayaka yells wordlessly, hand thrust towards the sky as the ribbons break on her defense.

Mami's not even in front of the blades any more. In a mirror of Sayaka, she's descending from above, muskets in either hand.

She doesn't fire. You're not sure they're *new* muskets - you didn't see her make them. You catch the smile and the wink she throws your way just before impact.

Sword raised in desperate block collides with descending musket, the chime of steel on steel ringing out. Sayaka *barely* manages to block the twin strikes, with both hands on the hilt of her sword. Mami swings one musket away, remaining musket locked at full extension, holding effortlessly against Sayaka's sword.

Sayaka makes a frantic noise, trying to disengage, but it's too late - Mami hooks her leg out from under her, and then the musket explodes into ribbon that hoist Sayaka into the air, upside down.

"Whoo!" Your cheer joins Madoka's and Hitomi's as you leap to your feet. You bounce over and sweep Mami into a hug, laughing. "That was amazing, Mami, Sayaka!"

"Thank you, Sabrina," Mami says, beaming at you.

Sayaka, trussed and slowly twisting back and forth, makes a face. "Thanks, I think?"

"No, really," you say, beaming at her. "I mean hell, you held out longer than you did against *me*."

"That was an impressive show, Sayaka," Hitomi offers, walking closer. She gives Sayaka's dangling cape a thoughtful look, pinching the fabric between her fingers and rubbing them lightly.

"It was amazing!" Madoka squeals, clutching both her hands together. "Both of you were moving so *fast*!"

Mami shifts in your arms. You ease back a little so that she can face Sayaka properly, your hand sliding naturally to her waist. She smiles at Sayaka. "Considering that that was only your second fight, Sayaka, that was *excellent*," she says. "The wall of blades-" she waves at the swords still protruding from the ground, "-surprised me."

"Thanks!" Sayaka says. "I didn't really think about it, though, I just- I just *did* it."

"Oh, and speaking of!" you say, beaming at Mami. "That trick with the muskets! How did you just-" you mime holding it out, like Mami did. "And then-"

Mami giggles. "It's a little trick, really," she says. "There's a way of... *infusing* magic into whatever you're holding to make it *stop*. I *must* remember to teach you both. And Sayaka, you'll find that we magical girls tend to have a..." her face scrunches a little as she hunts for the correct word.

"Set of instincts?" you supply.

"Right!" Mami says, tilting her head towards you. "You have good instincts, Sayaka. Of course, they'll only take you so far until you have to start experimenting."

Sayaka nods eagerly, absorbing the instruction. "Of course," she says.

"Alright," Mami says. "You copied my powers, was it any different from last time?"

You smile. And *now* Mami hits her stride. In the meantime, though, you have something you need to do now that you're not on the literal edge of your seat. "*Hey, Oriko? Kirika?*"

"*Heya\~*" Kirika responds. "*Keep it down, Oriko's napping.*"

Sayaka shakes her head, finally. "It felt the same, honestly."

Mami nods. "Alright," she says, frowning thoughtfully. "Keep a note of it." She pauses. "Since we were on the subject of instincts, Sayaka, you *don't* know how to make muskets like mine, right?"

"*Ah, right,*" you say to Kirika alone, shifting mental gears. "*You doing OK?*"

Sayaka shakes her head in response. "Nope. Should I?"

"*Eh,*" Kirika says. You can hear the grimace in her voice. "*Worried. Whatcha need?*"

You hide the grimace, a tiny pang of guilt spiking at you. "*Well. Just a little thing - if you have the time, try and find a Kuroki Matsuko on the Internet? I tried, but I didn't have the time to finish it.*"

Mami chuckles. "No, but it would be awfully convenient," she says.

Sayaka shakes her head with a snicker. "I suppose it would!"

Madoka nudges your side, pointing back at the chairs. You nod, smiling at her, and both of them meander back to sit down.

"*Yeah, I can do that,*" Kirika responds, mental voice brightening a little. "*That's easy.*"

"*Cool,*" you say. "*Let me know?*"

Mami tilts her head up to smile at you. "Anyway, Sabrina, I think it's time for the next step, and have Sayaka try to copy your powers? If that's alright?"

"*Yeah,*" Kirika agrees. "*When'll you be coming by next?*"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Wheeee!
