# Anomalous materials pt. 43

"*Tomorrow, probably,*" you respond to Kirika. "*Maybe in the morning, but I don't know yet.*"

Simultaneously, you beam at Mami. "Of course. Hm..."

"*OK,*" Kirika agrees. "*Tomorrow. You in a rush about that Kuroki girl, by the way?*"

Mami raises her eyebrows at you, smiling. "Hm?"

"*Sooner is better than later, but...*" you consider for a moment. "*In your time.*"

You give Mami a smile. "Nah, just thinking a bit - my powers are a bit... weird," you say. "They might be dangerous?"

"*Gotcha,*" Kirika responds. "*Later, Sabrina.*"

"*Later, Kirika,*" you say, closing the connection.

You turn your attention back to Sayaka, who quirks an upside down eyebrow at you. "Well, *you* use them, dontcha?"

"Hey, what's that supposed to mean?" you ask, faking offense.

"Nothing, nothing\~" Sayaka says, grinning at you.

You poke her in the shoulder with your free hand, setting her spinning on the ribbon.

"Hey!" she complains.

Mami giggles, nestling into your side. She peeks up at you for a moment, golden eyes bright with mischief, and winks, gaze flickering to the side for a second before raising her eyebrows in silent question. You nod fractionally, a tiny smirk lifting the corner of your mouth - the game is on.

A look of consternation flashes across Sayaka's face, melting into realisation and then resignation.

"Your power *is* quite unusual, Sabrina," Mami agrees. "Do you have any recommendations?"

"Yeah," you say. You're tempted to move all the Grief away - if nothing else, there are items inside that you absolute do not want seeing the light of day. You have an entire laundry list of things you want to caution Sayaka about, like about Soul Gems and how you shouldn't move Grief too fast and not to try and fight your control...

You exhale. "Let me know if you feel overwhelmed by anything, and don't hesitate to ask questions."

Sayaka's currently facing away from you. She wriggles a bit, managing to twirl around to nail you with a disbelieving look.

"What?" you ask her.

"I figured you'd have this long list of dos and don'ts," she says.

You shrug. "Sorry to disappoint," you say. "But, like... I have no idea how our powers will interact. None at all. Sooooo. One thing, though."

A mental tug brings your Grief sailing in to the junkyard, hundreds of mottled, deep purple spheres. Some are larger than the others, some smaller. Several stop right in front of you, joined by a particularly lumpy one that drifts from your ever present sling bag.

"These... Try not to touch these bits of Grief?" you ask, making sure Sayaka's facing you. "I've got things in here I'd rather not show off or drop."

Heh. That's an understatement, when yakuza gold and weapons are the *least* of your concerns. Homura's notebook of Witches is, needless to say something that has seen daylight exactly *once*, and you mean to keep it that way.

"Right," Sayaka says, vigorous nods sending her drifting to face away.

"Alright, then," you say. "I don't think I've got anything else, so..." You move your Grief out of the way and extend a hand towards Sayaka, smiling. "Ready to give it a shot?"

"Excuse me." You turn to see Hitomi sitting primly in her chair, one hand raised as if she's waiting for a teacher to call on her in class.

"Yes, Hitomi?" Mami asks, tilting her head quizzically to the side. Knowing her as well as you do, you can see the tiny, mischievous smirk curling her lips.

"Um..." Hitomi falters, daunted for a second by Mami's impeccable calm. "Is no one going to mention the fact that Sayaka's still hanging upside down?"

You tilt your head in mirror of Mami's, turning back to inspect Sayaka, and the way she's still hoisted in the air by golden ribbons around one ankle. Her skirt drapes oddly, and both her arms and cape dangle loosely over-under her head.

"Why, so she is," you say, as if only just realising this.

Sayaka sighs, palming her face. "Dammit, Hitomi," she says. "Don't encourage them."

Hitomi wrinkles her brow as Madoka giggles, covering her mouth. "But..."

"I said don't encourage them," Sayaka grumbles. "Besides, this isn't actually too bad."

Mami's giggles join yours, leaning against you for support. She waves a hand, shimmering gold infusing the ribbons. They writhe to life, and set Sayaka down.

Sayaka pats herself down, dusting away the sand with more grumbling. "We gonna do this?"

"Yeah," you say, extending your hand to her. You brace yourself. "Let's try it."

Mami nods, giving Sayaka an encouraging smile.

The bluenette grabs your hand in hers. "Jeeze, what's with all the ceremony, anyway? I-" She frowns, and releases your hand before stripping her glove off and trying again. "... eh?"

"Sayaka?" you ask, stiffening. Alarm kindles within your mind - but she doesn't sound like she's in pain or unable to control it or anything. She just sounds confused.

"No, wait," she says, frowning.

Observing her in your Grief senses, you can see the coiled fire of her magic curling down her arm. Leashed cerulean power pours down her fingers to wind around yours.

Yep, seems normal to you.

"... uh," Sayaka says. "I don't... you don't seem to have powers?"

You blink. "Eh?"

"No, wait- no that's not it," Sayaka mutters distractedly, frowning. "What the hell, Sabrina?"

"Um... Have you released my powers yet, Sayaka?" Mami asks, taking a step forward.

"Ah, yeah, good idea," Sayaka mutters. Paying attention, you can see the way her power unfurls, smoothing out as she makes an effort. She bites her lip. "... No, still nothing."

"... Maybe there's a refractory period of some kind?" you suggest, pursing your lips.

"No," Sayaka says, shaking her head. Her eyes widen. "I- um, I don't know how I know that."

"Hmm," Mami says. A baffled frown furrows her brow. "Madoka, could you come over here a moment?"

"Ah, yes!" Madoka hops to her feet and hurries over. Hitomi stands, too, smoothing her skirts down and proceeding over to observe the hubbub.

"Sayaka, try copying from Madoka?" Mami suggests. "Since she isn't a magical girl at all."

"Right," Sayaka says, releasing your hand to grab Madoka's. Her frown deepens. "It's... not the same."

"Really now?" you ask. "How come?"

"It's, uh," Sayaka frowns. "It's like..." She gestures at Madoka. "I get nothing from Madoka, and it's a, a, *known* nothing. Like a zero. From you I get... like... 'none applicable'. An imaginary number, like, right angles to everything else."

"That's strange," Mami says, frowning.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Well that's odd, isn't it?
