# Anomalous Materials pt. 45

You take half a step back and sweep into a grand bow. "Dame Miki, Lady Tomoe," you say in English before switching back to Japanese. "By your leave."

"Dame?" Sayaka asks, raising her eyebrows at you.

"The female equivalent of 'Sir'," you explain. "It's how you address a female knight."

Mami giggles. "*Lady* Tomoe?"

"Hey, if the shoe fits, it fits," you offer, grinning at her. "Though... Hm. I think proper heraldic order would have been Lady then Dame."

Mami shakes her head, smiling fondly. "Sayaka, you can you take the lead," she says. "I'll keep an eye on you. Sabrina-"

"I'll follow behind," you say with a smile. "Today, I'll be your bodyguard. You concentrate on Sayaka, and I'll back you up, yeah?"

Mami beams. "Just what I was thinking," she agrees. "Sayaka? Are you ready?"

The bluenette reaches under her Cape to withdraw a pair of swords, evening light gleaming off the faint curve of the blades. She grins confidently. "Yeah, I'm good," she declares.

You draw your own hammer from beneath your coat, pulling it out as if you had been wearing it on your waist. Grief folds around you, dozens, hundreds of spheres drifting in lazy orbits. You smile at Mami, waiting for her to give the go ahead.

"Then..." Mami indicates the entrance to the Barrier.

Sayaka nods, hands tightening on the grips of her swords. She springs for the glowing rip in reality, and vanishes through.

Mami throws you a warm smile before following.

You leap after them, bracing for that familiar moment of *disorientation*-

\-and the *revulsion*. You blow out a sharp, hard breath, steadying yourself. A gloved hand touches your shoulder, Mami giving you a warm smile.

"You OK, Sabrina?" Sayaka asks, swords out and staring around.

"Yeah," you say, eyes following hers. "Witch barriers... Well, my powers let me see Grief, and all this is Grief."

Motes of dust dance in the gloomy twilight of the Barrier. Polished wood forms the floor, scuffed as if by the passage of hundreds of feet. Heavy, musty curtains of what would have once been rich crimson hang from far above. Thick ropes of what looks like hemp dangle alongside the curtains, tangling and snarling together into a thick web as they disappear into the darkness.

There's a faint starkness to the hanging fixtures, as if there's something *wrong* with the way light falls on them. Their outlines are a little too sharp, too well defined.

"Looks... spooky," Sayaka opines, her voice *still* bright and undeterred.

Mami looks around warily. "Witch Barriers usually do," she notes. "So, Sayaka, where do you think we should go? It's OK to be wrong about this - the sense of direction in Barriers takes time to develop."

"Uhhhhh," Sayaka says, furrowing her brow in thought. "When you ask it like that, I, uh, I guess it's not like straight ahead or something. Down, maybe? Through the floor?"

That's not right, you feel, but you hold your tongue. A shake of Mami's head vindicates your gut feeling, though. "Up," Mami says, pointing.

"Figures," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes.

"Good guess, though," Mami says with a smile. "I've encountered Barriers where I *did* have to go down."

Sayaka grumbles inaudible, craning her head back to look up. "So we climb the ropes? Suppose it's a good thing Madoka and Hitomi didn't come..."

"Not necessarily," Mami says. "Do you have a way to travel upwards? If not, I'll let you copy my ribbon powers again - we should have done that first."

"No, I-" Sayaka frowns. "I- do?" Azure light blazes beneath her feet, lifting her into the air as if on an invisible platform. Cerulean lines streak into stylized images that trail away behind her: an armoured knight, crossed swords, a winged angel, a windmill, a mermaid... The images reel away as Sayaka rockets upwards.

Mami flashes you a smile. "Wait, Sayaka!" she calls after the bluenette. Hm. Azuretop? "Don't get too far ahead!" She leaps after Sayaka, a golden ribbon lashing from her hand to hoist her upwards and onwards.

You huff an amused laugh, craning your head back to watch their progress, wings blooming from your back. You leap to join them, spiralling upwards amongst the tangled ropes on wings of corruption. Mami swings arm over arm, ribbons snapping outwards to hoist her up.

"There!" Sayaka yells, pointing out. You follow her pointing sword, and spot a rabbit.

It's just a rabbit, with the fluffiest white fur, clinging incongruously to a rope. Huge, obsidian black eyes blink at you, before the rabbit darts away, seeming to *flow* from rope to rope in stuttering motions, like frames skipping in an animation.

The distinctive boom of Mami's musket rings out, a streak of fire blasting the Familiar apart in a puff of fur. "It's a Familiar, Sayaka," Mami chides. "Don't hesitate!"

"Right," Sayaka says, grimacing to herself. "Sorry. It was just... all fuzzy and cute, you know?"

Mami shakes her head, managing to give Sayaka a chiding look despite hanging from a ribbon. "False exteriors," she says. "Make no mistakes, even something like that can prey on people."

You drift beside them silently on slow, lazy wingbeats, the muffling curtains swallowing up most of the sound.

A gust of chill wind sets the motes of dust twirling in the air. The ropes flutter, rippling in the twilight darkness of the Barrier.

"Uh-" Sayaka says. "That way?" She points along the direction where the wind had come from.

Mami nods, smiling. "Lead the way, Sayaka."

Sayaka nods. "Right!" she says, skating forward on her drifting banner of light, afterimages fading in her wake. Mami follows, readied muskets hanging about her with muskets out like a deadly ballerina's skirt. You trail in their wake, Grief coiling around you at the ready.

You notice the moving speck... *specks* before Sayaka does, though probably not before Mami does. Like Mami, though, you don't say anything. Instead, you keep an eye on the oncoming horde, distant, and only really visible as tiny white motes causing the ropes and curtains ahead of you to sway.

To Sayaka's credit, it only takes her a moment longer to notice it, but by this time the Familiars have multiplied into an oncoming blizzard of white, leaping from rope to rope. "Ah! There!" Sayaka gestures with her sword, pointing out the things - and this time she doesn't hesitate.

With a sharp bang, the blade of her sword launches outwards, severing a rope and sending a group of Familiars plunging to the distant floor below. The expended hilt joins it moments later, and Sayaka leaps forward with a yell, both hands on the hilt of her sword.

Her first swing bisects two rabbits, the Familiars exploding into puffs of fur.

The ring of muskets around Mami's waist thunder, spinning like a buzzsaw. Rippling shots slash through the crowd of Familiars, spent rifles dissolving and reforming as they pass the firing arc.

You hold back, and you hold station. It's Sayaka's show, and Mami's. But that doesn't mean you aren't going to be prepared. Blades formed out of midnight dark purple Grief slide through the air, ready to swoop in on moment's notice.

Admittedly, you're not really sure it would be useful, given that, well, Mami's Mami. With her head in the game, she's... Well, Mami is kind of a Big Deal.

Ah well. Better prepared than not.

Sayaka butchers her way through the oncoming flood of rabbits, the trailing banner of light skimming through the air effortlessly. Mami's only a step behind, muskets cracking to clean up the Familiars out of her immediate range-

One darts past the pair, and a Grief blade immediately hammers it into halves. But it's only the first, the little fluffy things spilling *past* Sayaka and Mami and they're not *attacking*, they're just in the way and you make the connection in your head-

"They're fleeing," you say, half to yourself, and then you reach out mentally to Mami. "*They're running away from something.*"

"*They are,*" she murmurs back, swinging like a trapeze artist on her ribbons. Musket fire rakes the crowds of Familiars, every shot unerring. You can't help but notice the way her shots flicker past Sayaka, catching Familiars that the azuretop doesn't even seem to notice. "*I don't think Sayaka has realised. Be ready?*"

"*I will,*" you agree, eyeing Sayaka who's still slashing away at the horde of Familiars with more enthusiasm than finesse. Some things don't change, you suppose.

You extend your awareness, every shard of *your* Grief a glowing beacon in your mind against the scurrying, cloying mental *stench* of Grief that is not yours. A bare sliver of attention directs each blade, slicing through the churning froth of Familiars spilling over the tangling cerulean and gold.

Abruptly, bright light glares down upon you.

When the Witch arrives, it rips *through* the crowding Familiars. A huge, nightmare rendition of a spider, jagged black chitin drawn in sharp, vicious angles. Huge mandibles the size of your *you* gnash on an eyeless face, and limbs serrated in ways no real spider's legs are carve right into the rabbit-like Familiars.

This time, blood flies.

Mami's already swinging clear, yelling a warning to Sayaka, but Sayaka-

\-Sayaka *charges* with sword raised high.

A limb flicks out and smashes into Sayaka.

She goes tumbling out of the air. Her glowing banner of light vanishes.

"Sayaka!" You fold your wings and you dive, Grief reaching out ahead of you but golden ribbons are already on the way and-

Vibrant blue flares bright. Sayaka's tumble rights itself, and she throws herself back up.

"*Wait,*" Mami's voice murmurs in your mind. And you do.

The Witch rears up, its legs *reversing* with sickening crunches of breaking chitin. It twists, back rotating into view to display a *massive* white mask drawn into a perpetual scream. And it lunges, moving faster than anything its size has any *right* to, silver-tipped legs slicing at Sayaka.

Vibrant blue light leaves afterimages as she soars for the Witch with a wordless cry. Her sword lengthens, doubling- tripling- *quadrupling* as she swings, howling. Musket fire hammers aside limbs, opening a path for Sayaka to dart in.

She swings with reckless abandon, throwing her entire body into it. Her sword cleaves right through the Witch, sending limbs tumbling to the distant ground.

Not all of them. Just three.

Hooked legs claw at Sayaka, and she can't get away-

You're there to meet it.

Your wings and arms are thrown wide, a wall of Grief slamming into existence in front of you. The Witch bounces off with a horrid crunching noise, hooked limbs hooking onto the ropes as it hauls itself up the curtains. Musket fire rains upon it. Ichor splatters over the shield-

\-and Sayaka isn't behind you any more, glowing banner marking her streaking path. She dives at the Witch again, sword swinging overhead.

She smashes the sword right through the mask. Bright steel plunges into bone white chitin, sending cracks spiralling through the mask. She springs away, leaving the sword there.

Another sword flashes into Sayaka's hands, and she sweeps forward in another burst of light.

You dart after her, sharp strokes of your wings lending you speed. Grief rakes the back of the Witch, carving gashes and trenches. You could kill it -Mami could kill it- but this is *Sayaka's* moment. The Witch shivers, utterly silent but for the shifting of broken chitin as it ascends limb over limb on the ropes.

"No you *don't*!" Sayaka yells, sword swinging wildly. She hammers off another limb with a stroke.

The Witch teeters-

\-and it falls.

It flails wildly, tearing gashes from the curtains as it tumbles.

And it impacts the ground with a massive crack, mask shattered.

Sayaka follows it, cape billowing after her. She hits sword first and drives it home, slamming right to the hilt with a massive crack. Her cloak settles slowly around her.

You can feel the Witch *give*, something breaking. The Barrier's already starting to dissolve, the too-sharp edges of the curtains starting to waver as you and Mami move to join Sayaka.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

This Witch I dedicate to [@NormalSightMan](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/455/)'s nightmare.
