# Anomalous Materials pt. 47

You give Homura a quick smile. "Evening!" you call, raising your hand in a cheerful wave. "How's everyone?"

"Hello, Mami, Sabrina," Hitomi says, giving you a polite smile. Kyousuke essays a little wave with his good hand, looking faintly surprised at the influx of girls into his hospital room. Well. He'll live; it's not like it's the first time this has happened to him.

"Hi!" Madoka says, a bright, hopeful smile shining on her face. "Did... did things go well?"

"They went great!" Sayaka says, flexing one arm. "The Witch was no match for I, Dame Miki and her trusty companions!"

"Dame Miki?" Madoka asks.

"A female knight," Kwijibo says, smiling a little. "Right?"

"That's right!" Sayaka says, giving him a bright smile. She props her chin on her hands, eagerly watching Kwijibo. "How did you know?"

The grey haired boy shrugs. "I don't have much to do apart from reading," he says. "Though thanks to you... all of you... that's changed."

"What are the doctors saying?" Hitomi asks, leaning forward a little.

You shuffle along the side of the room, Mami following you. There's an amused look in her eye as she watches the byplay. She sinks into a chair, looking up at you and patting the chair beside her in clear invitation. You take a seat - it's the last seat in the room, anyway, leaving you between Homura and Mami.

"It's a miracle," Kwijibo says simply. The smile lights up his entire face, eyes distant.

"That's *wonderful*, Kyousuke!" Sayaka enthuses. Hitomi smiles, leaning back.

"Yeah," Kyousuke says. "It is."

You can't help but roll your eyes a little, relaxing on the chair. You let your head thump against the wall behind you. "Hey, Homura?" you ask, tilting your gaze a little to your left. "Do you need a cleanse?"

She nods, Soul Gem appearing on her palm with a shimmer of violet light. You take note of the churning Grief bubbling just beneath the surface. A twitch of your will rips free a river of Grief, mottled patterns twisting through the air. It gets a sharp look from Sayaka, who relaxes when she sees it's you.

Mami just smiles, leaning her head against your shoulder.

Homura nods. "Thank you."

"No problem," you say. "Everything went well?"

She nods again.

Excellent. You'd guessed as much from her tiny confirming nod earlier, but it's good to be sure. Your course is locked for Walpurgisnacht, then. The people living here will be safe, evacuated to shelters ahead of time. Hopefully, Madoka will go with them, safely out of the way for the big battle.

You snort softly. And maybe Kyuubey will decide it means peace and goodwill to all meguca and start giving away Grief Seeds.

"... so then I cut its legs off!" Sayaka's saying, gesticulating wildly with both hands as you shake yourself from your reverie and tune back into the conversation.

"Oh my," Hitomi says, covering her mouth with her hand. "Weren't you afraid, Sayaka?"

"Hah, no!" Sayaka declares proudly, raising her chin. "It's my duty now!"

"No, I mean I thought you were afraid of spiders," Hitomi says, a teasing smile on her face. "You were complaining about a spider in the shower this morning!"

"Eeeeeeeeh," Sayaka says, scrunching up her face. "That's behind me now! Anyway, Kyousuke, we're having a picnic tomorrow, do you think they will let you out for that?" She glances obliquely at you for confirmation, and you nod in agreement.

"Huh?" Kyousuke asks, blinking at Sayaka. "Oh, um... "Where is it? And when? Um, I can ask..."

"You could bring your violin!" Hitomi proposes.

Kwijibo sits straight up, grey eyes all but lighting up. "That's a great idea," he agrees. "I'll see what the doctors say."

"Hey, speaking of the picnic and bad segues," you pipe up. "Sorry, don't mean to interrupt, but while I remember to ask - Sayaka, what's your schedule look like tomorrow? Other than the picnic?"

"Hmm..." Sayaka says. "I've got homework[ ](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-2587#post-4639342)to do, but not much? Why?"

"Oh, well, I was wondering if you wanted to do more training in the morning?" You turn to Mami. "We'll have time to prepare for the picnic after lunch, right?"

Mami brightens. "That sounds great!" she says. "We'll have plenty of time, yes. Um... We're going shopping today, right?"

"Yeah, I thought so. Maybe before we have dinner?" you suggest.

"We should have plenty of time!" Mami says.

"Yeah," Sayaka agrees. "I can make tomorrow morning!"

"Don't forget your homework, Sayaka," Hitomi says.

"Ah... We could do it together at my place tonight?" Madoka offers. "Homura, Hitomi, you could come too!"

Before Homura can respond, you take the opportunity to jab her in the ribs with your elbow. It doesn't go unnoticed, either, Hitomi catching your gaze. You shrug, smirking.

"I'll go," Homura acquiesces, giving you a Look you can see in the corner of your eye. You transfer your smirk to her.

"That's all settled then," you say, blithely satisfied. You turn back to Mami. "By the way, Mami, I'll want to try a few things about my own powers tomorrow, if that's OK? And... I'd like you to be my spotter, if you want to?"

"Of course, Sabrina," she says, giving you a warm smile. "Anything. Though..."

"Mmm?" you ask, tilting your head.

"No... just that we need to leave a bit early to go shopping," she says. "It's almost five."

You glance at the clock. "Ah, so it is. Bah, where's the time gone?"

"Basking in my awesomeness?" Sayaka asks, grinning at you.

"You can go bask someone else in your awesomeness," you shoot back, lurching to your feet. You smile at everyone. "I guess Mami and I shall make an early move, then. Shall we?" You offer her your hand.

She accepts it, letting you pull her to feet. "Excuse us, everyone," she says, picking up her school bag and slinging it over her shoulder.

"Oh, before you go," Hitomi says. "We never did settle it - the picnic is tomorrow evening, correct? Four-thirty, Gokai Park?"

"It is," you agree, glancing at Kwijibo. "There you go."

Violin-boy nods sharply. "I'll ask. Hopefully they'll let me out..."

"Then... see you tomorrow," Hitomi says, nodding at you. You exchange farewells with everyone else and head out. You'd meant to try and hug Madoka and or Hitomi, to fulfill your hug quota, but... eh, you'd have had to go out of the way.

Mami touches your arm, peeking up at you. You laugh and offer her your arm, which she promptly hugs.

"So where should we go, anyway?" you ask.

"Mmm?" Mami asks, humming.

"Oh, I was just wondering if we needed to get anything special?" you say.

"Hmm..." Mami says, releasing your arm to rummage in her bag. "I made a shopping list. We should be able to get everything at the supermarket!"

"Works for me," you say. "To the supermarket, then! The one near our place? Shall we take a bus?"

Mami nods. "Yes, and yes," she says, flashing you a smile as you turn towards the hospital's bus stop.

You don't have to wait too long for the bus, spending the ride with Mami dozing happily against your shoulder. There's no surprise visit from a certain silver haired seer this time, not that you were really expecting one. She had damned well better be resting at home. You get off a stop earlier, walking to the supermarket to shop for all the things you'll need.

"... Sabrina, is that niboshi? And a... laser pointer?" Mami asks, looking at you from the vegetables she's examining.

"Yep," you confirm, showing her the little package of Japanese sardines and the toy. "We still have gas cartridges for that portable stove at home, right?"

Mami nods. "Do you have something in mind?"

"Yup," you say, grinning. "But not for the picnic. Maybe Sunday?"

"Alright," Mami responds, smiling back. "Help me find a fresh carton of eggs?"

"Sure," you say, and meander off to do just that.

The rest of your shopping trip passes without incident, and you head home with both hands full of grocery bags. You're glad for your magical girl strength - you probably wouldn't be able to carry half this much without it.

"Oh, I hope this picnic will go well," Mami frets, a worried frown creasing her brow.

"I'm sure it will, Mami," you reassure her. "Hmm... We'll be baking a cake for tomorrow, yes? What else shall we make? I'm kind of thinking I want to make a curry."

"Curry?" Mami asks, turning the corner. "That's an unusual choice. Um... I was thinking some gyoza, onigiri, some mochi... Bamboo shoots, maybe? Some steamed tofu might be nice."

"Egg rolls, dango?" you suggest. "And yeah, I was thinking of trying out an Indian curry, just for comparison. We have the spices for it. Cross the street?"

"Ah!" Mami says, nodding and stopping at the traffic light. "I was wondering what you wanted the turmeric for. And yes, those sound like great ideas."

"Yup," you agree. "Japanese curry is great, but variety is the spice of life and all that, right?" The light turns green, so you pace across the road. Interestingly enough, you can't help but notice that you're not getting as many stares. Or rather, people notice the shopping bags and seem to shrug it off.

Of course, it's early, and the crowds aren't terribly thick yet. You head home, making your way up the lift and kicking your shoes off. Padding inside, you drop the bags on the kitchen counter and start tidying up the groceries, Mami joining you.

"Hm..." you say, unearthing a package of nice, fatty pork belly. "If we start marinating this tonight, we can prepare chashu tomorrow, bring some for the picnic, and keep enough for the rest of the week?"

"Good idea," Mami agrees, shuttling to the fridge with an armful of food to put away. "What shall we have for dinner... Does udon sound good to you?"

"Yeah," you agreed, hunting for the udon you'd bought. "Mirin, mirin, where's the mirin..."

"Here," Mami says, producing the bottle of Japanese cooking wine. She smiles warmly at you, and you can't help but smile back, savouring the tranquil domesticity while it lasts.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Well, you *know* what's coming next. Vote accordingly\~
