# Anomalous Materials pt. 48

You hum, stomach twisting a little. You're doing it. You're going to do it. You're going to come clean to Mami.

And you're going to pray that she doesn't push you away.

She... she's become important to you.

And you're not sure she would survive if she did.

Not for a magical girl, when your very *life* is tied to your emotions.

"Sabrina?" Mami prompts, nudging your side. "Are you alright?"

You exhale. "Yeah," you say, voice steady. You smile at her. "Yeah, just lost in thought."

It's true enough.

And you can finish dinner without the pall of this hanging over your head.

You can manage a perfect dinner.

"Alright," Mami says, smiling back at you. "Shall we finish packing up, and then have dinner?"

"Yeah," you agree, squaring your shoulders. "Here!" You fish a mixing bowl from the cupboard, passing it to Mami with a warm smile. Turning back to the table, you start sorting out the groceries based on where they'll go. You take a few minutes to pack it all away neatly.

Mami beams at you as you start off with the last load, this time of flour and other dried items bound for the cupboard.

You can't help but beam right back, doing a little twirl past her.

Mami giggles, dipping into a bow to you before she places the pot on the stove.

It's not really an act. You're... tamping down on your unease, but it's comforting to just slip into your routine. Gentle teasing, and light humour.

It's comfortable, and it's comforting.

Mami almost dances past you, light on her feet as she opens up the packets of udon. And you smile, sliding past her in perfect synchronisation to start chopping up some chicken.

You can almost quell the squirming in your stomach, the tinge of fear that you might lose it all.

You finish chopping the chicken just in time to slip it into the pot of broth right after a dash of seasoning added by Mami. She gives you a smile, sliding aside just enough to give you a bit of space to stir, her arm brushing lightly against yours.

"Kombu stock?" you ask, peering at the colour of the broth. A nice, light kelp stock would make perfect sense, and it certainly smells like it.

"Mmmhm!" Mami agrees, taking over the stirring again. "Would you check the noodles? I think this can simmer for a few minutes and we'll be ready to eat."

"Of course," you agree. Having set that out, you check the noodles, boiling merrily away in the pot. Finding them to your satisfaction, you drain the water into the sink and portion it out. Mami adds the broth, and you rummage for some dried seaweed for garnish.

"And there we are!" you say, beaming at Mami as you snatch the bowls away from her to bring to the table.

Mami giggles, perfectly accustomed to the little game. She collects utensils for the meal and while you slice up some watermelon for dessert, setting it aside for now and sitting across the table from her. She gives you a warm, pleased smile.

You return the smile, joining in the traditional 'itadakimasu', and dig in. You don't talk much over dinner, but it's comfortable, loud slurps of noodle filling the kitchen. You finish the dinner with the watermelon, forks clinking together as the two of you jostle to let the other person have more.

Finally, you lean back in your chair, Mami mirroring you with a soft smile. "That was good," she says.

"Yeah," you agree, swallowing a little. "It was."

Mami notices, of course. A worried look flashes across her face. "Sabrina? Is something wrong?"

"I..." you start, meeting her eyes. "Mami, do you remember when I said there were things I wanted to... think through? Before telling you?"

Mami nods slowly. "I- you don't have to tell me, Sabrina, if you don't want to," she says, shrinking a little. "I- you don't have to."

There's still time to go back. Just clam up. Mami gave you an out.

Your hopes on the line.

She deserves to know.

And you don't want it hanging between you.

Slowly, ever so slowly, you shake your head. You feel like you're ringing a death knell. "No," you murmur. "You deserve to know, Mami."

Her shoulders slump. "Do... do you want to move to the sofa? It- it'd be more comfortable."

"That's fine," you agree. "I'm fine with that. I, I- can I make some privacy constructs? It- it's private and I'd rather... *nobody* listen in."

Mami nods jerkily, pushing the chair back. She reaches for her bowl, and you jump to your feet to help her, shuffling over to the sink. You wash the dishes with Mami, drying them and putting them in the cupboard without exchanging another word. Perhaps you take a little longer than you normally would.

Finally, you migrate over to the sofa. Mami curls into your side, anxious and fretful. You summon a blob of Grief through the window and bow your head over it, infusing your will upon the material. *Interdiction. Make private my conversation with Mami, that none, not even the Incubators, may know of it.*

When your vision clears, you're holding a shimmering, white band, set with a single golden jewel in the center. It's mounted on a small stand, and since that seems to be what it's for, you place it on the table, knowing that your conversation will be safe from prying ears and eyes and any other eavesdropping alike.

Mami watches, silent and curled up on your shoulder as the silence stretches out.

When you can't take it any more, you begin. "I... I'm sure you've noticed already, Mami, but... the things I know aren't *normal*. I know about magical girls in general, and the system, and all the languages I can speak. Amnesia doesn't work like that."

"M-maybe it's just magic or something, maybe you- I- a magical girl attacked you?" Mami says, shaking her head. "I- I don't care a-about that, Sabrina."

You exhale. "I know," you murmur. "I don't know, either. I can't tell you how I know, because I don't *know*." And it's true. You... *don't* know. "But it's more than that. I know more than that."

Mami's grip tightens on your arm. She doesn't say anything.

Neither do you look at her. Instead, you forge on. "When I woke up in that alley, I knew things." You lick your lips. "About a small number of people. Homura, Madoka, Sayaka. And other things. Other people." Mami's fingers tighten, digging into your arm. "All of whom, all of which matter and are. Worth talking about."

Why is it so hard to spit it out?

You steel yourself. "I knew about you," you whisper.

Mami makes a tiny, choked noise. Her white-knuckled grip on your arm doesn't slacken.

"I, I-" you stutter. "I knew *about* you, I- I didn't know *you*. And not everything, I, I-"

"Y-you-" Mami shakes her head, tears squeezing from the corner of her eyes. "N-no, no, n-not you too-"

"No," you whisper. "No, I-" You reach up, closing your hand around hers.

She's shivering. Her hand is icy cold, fingers biting into your forearm.

"I'm not," you whisper. "I'm not. I- I didn't *know* you. I didn't- I'm not like it. I had no idea about *you*, I had no idea you could cook everything under the sun I didn't know you were in the archery club I didn't know you liked to play video games." You're babbling at this point. You force yourself to take a shaky breath. "I didn't know we'd get along so well. I- I didn't know we could be *friends*."

"F-friends," Mami whispers. Tears streak down her face, her breath stuttering gasps in her throat. "I-I- S-sabrina- you- K-kyub- I-"

Her Soul Gem. You can feel it, throbbing as it fills. Grief surges, closing on the halfway mark.

Way too close for comfort.

You raise your hand, cupping it gently over Mami's. She flinches, hand shaking.

You pull your hand free, dragging a river of Grief free.

Mami makes another choked, terrified noise.

Golden light blossoms. You flinch, and something slams into your side and then you're *falling-*

By the time you hit the floor, you're bound securely in a cocoon of golden ribbons. Your arms are clamped to your side, and Mami-

Mami stumbles to her feet. She's transformed and swaying, eyes wide enough to show the whites all around. Manic and staring and *terrified*.

Her hands are empty.

She manages a step away. Toward the window. Her eyes don't leave yours.

And she stops, rocking in place. She falls.

A wailing sob. On her hands and knees, she scrabbles back to you, grabbing you roughly with shivering hands. She pulls you close, hugging you like a giant bolster.

"W-why," she whispers, shaking you roughly. "Why? W-why- y-you- why?"

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

    - [x] And, well, some of what we knew about her was private. We knew the circumstances of her wish, though not the exact wording. We knew that she needed a friend... Which was why when she offered to let us live with her, we accepted.

- [x] Let her react to that.
- [x] If she's willing to let you keep speaking, explain why you didn't tell her earlier. At first, it was because you were still getting a grip on the situation after you woke up in an alley, and that... well, it's just so *fantastical*. Then there were days when there was just no *time*, and she was so hurt after she found out Kyubey had been lying to her that we couldn't stomach the idea of potentially making things worse. And it was easy to let it just stay untold, because in the end, when QB was out of the way and we could have *made* time to tell her, the real reason why you allowed hourself to put it off was because you were afraid that if you told her, she wouldn't want you to stay. And... you didn't want to leave. You wanted to stay. You *want* to stay.
- [x] Head low, self recriminatory. You still should have told her earlier.
- [x] If it feels appropriate, inform her that we haven't stayed with her because she needs a friend, we've stayed with her because in the course of getting to really know her, we've found that she is everything we could ever want in a friend and *more*. And because she needs a friend, of course, that too.

\=====​

Here ends Book 2, Chapter 7: Anomalous Materials. The next chapter, On a Rail, begins with the next update. Could have been worse; coulda been Resonance Cascade.
