# On a Rail pt. 2

Mami...

Mami bawls. Broken, heaving sobs shake her, the emotions too much, too conflicted to contain.

You hold her close. Where her shivering ends and your trembling begins you can't tell, but somehow- *somehow*, you knew how close you came to losing her. It's not the end of this talk, not by a long shot. But you'd passed a dark, dark place.

With Mami curled up against you, you cry ugly, inelegant tears that streak down your face to mix in your hair. Relief, despair, *hope* and fear. It's going to be OK, despite your mistakes. It's going to work out. You'll make it so. You have to. And you're not *done*.

You stroke her back in slow, rhythmic circles, one hand nestling on the nape of her neck, fingers brushing against her hair. The least you can do is offer her comfort, to remind her that you're here. You *remain* here.

It takes a while for Mami's sobs to die down to slow, ragged breathing. You're still lying flat on your back, with Mami flopped bonelessly on your chest. Your shoulder and shirt are soaked with tears and snot, both Mami's and your own.

"Mami," you murmur.

She stirs a little, clutching at you.

"I'm going to cleanse our Soul Gems, alright?" you ask.

She nods weakly.

"Alright," you say. You don't move your hands - you don't *need* to, really. It just helps, a kind of mnemonic to cue your powers. But here and now, you'd rather continue to hug Mami. And so you flex your will, pulling free the Grief in both her Soul Gem and yours.

Wispy Grief swells and billows, twisting eddies of shifting despair given form. You crush it into marbles instantly, rather than move it out of the room and *then* compact it as you'd normally do. It's a tradeoff between *visibility* and, ah, detectability.

But for now, you'd rather just get it out of the way in both senses of the word, for Mami's sake. Probably something she appreciates, from the way she sighs and relaxes against you as the Grief fades from her senses and you banish the marbles out the window.

"I just wanted you to be happy. It's..." You sigh. "I still do. That... that was true from the very beginning, and... I just want you to be happy."

"I-I-" Mami shakes her head, and presses herself against you.

"Mami?" you prompt.

"I-" she shakes her head again. "Sorry."

"No," you say gently. "*You* have nothing to be sorry for, Mami."

She sniffles. "A-alright. S-sor-" She stops, and swallows convulsively.

You sigh. "I... I should finish telling you everything. If that's OK?"

Mami hesitates, before nodding slowly.

"OK," you say, letting out a breath. "I... when I woke up in that alleyway, I... knew things about you and the others." You can feel the way Mami tenses up in your arms and you *hate* it but you need to see this *through* or everything will have been for naught. "It was like I'd read a story about everyone, or watched an anime, or something. Bits and pieces, at a remove."

"I didn't know anything about *myself*, but I knew enough about all of you that I wanted to help you." Mami makes a tiny, whimpering noise, and nestles closer to you, head tucked under your chin. You tighten your hug around her. *I'm here*. "I... I knew you were lonely, and I wanted to make it so you weren't lonely any more. I wanted to make you happy, but..."

You take another deep, shuddering breath. "I didn't expect *you* to make *me* so happy." A faint noise indicates that Mami's listening, at least. "And you *do*. I enjoy doing things with you, talking with you... you make every day brighter." Just the simple joy of getting to hug her is something you look forward to, all the time. "I don't want to lose that. I don't want to lose *you*."

You raise your head to look her in the eye, finding golden eyes reddened with tears - but wide and startled as she looks back at you. "I-if you're not asking me to leave, Mami, I can promise, I can *swear*, that I won't leave you. I- my life would be so very much *darker* without your presence in it."

"I-I-" Mami shakes her head, squeezing her eyes shut. "S-sabrina, I- I c-could never ask you to l-leave, I-" Fresh tears leak from the corners of her eyes. "I- y-you're right, I, I- I'm so lonely, I-"

You give her a reassuring squeeze. "Then I'm not going anywhere, Mami," you say, trying to keep your voice firm. As much as you can when your own voice isn't in the best shape. "I-" Your voice cracks. "I promise."

Mami nods weakly. You can feel fresh tears staining your shirt, though.

"A-and." You swallow, choking back fresh tears of your own. "I- I won't keep things from you any longer. I, that's *why* I decided to share everything with you the moment I realised how *much* you meant to me, it's just... just that some things *hurt*."

"I, I-" Mami stutters.

You swallow, stroking the back of her head slowly. "I'm here, Mami. I- I'm still here."

"I-" Mami shivers. "I k-know."

You let her have a moment to cool down. For your*self* to cool down, for the tears and the coiling pit of *pain* in your chest to settle.

"I..." You start again, licking dry, cracked lips. "I, it. N-now that I've gotten the, the courage to tell you this... the rest of it. Not all of it is good, not all of it is *happy* and some of it is... personal."

You fumble for the words. "N-not *mine* to share, I, I'd want to ask other people to share. But. That was *my* secret, I, it's the one about *me*. I don't- the rest of it isn't about me. Isn't about you. *None* of it changes how I feel about you."

"Y-you don't have to," Mami whispers, shaking her head. "S-sabrina, I, I- a-as l-long as you're *h-here*, I, I don't *care*."

"I want to," you respond, quiet and firm. "I, I want to be *honest* and open with you, Mami. You mean too much to me for me *not* to."

Mami shakes her head in mute disagreement.

You hug her.

Interminable minutes pass.

You could look at the clock, but you don't want to. You don't want to take your attention off Mami right now.

You just keep holding her, stroking her back in the same slow, steady rhythm.

"Mami?" You break the silence eventually. You're... not really sure how long it's been. Half an hour? An hour?

She stirs a little.

"Do you want to clean up a bit?" you ask. "Maybe make some tea?"

She shakes her head. "N-no," she whispers. "Stay."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Oh.
