# On a Rail pt. 4

You wake.

It's still dark. Silvery light from a waxing moon dapples the room.

Mami's shaking in your arms. She'd turned over at some point during the night without leaving the protective circle of your embrace. An unhappy frown mars her face, faint moonlight highlighting tears squeezing through closed eyes.

"Oh, Mami," you whisper. She's asleep still, you judge, considering that she doesn't even react to that. You tighten your arms around her, pulling her snug against yourself.

She makes a tiny whimpering noise, burrowing against you - but the unhappy grimace smooths out a little as she clings to you with desperate, unconscious strength.

You smooth her hair, freed from its usual drills for sleep, and brush away her tears with a gentle thumb. That's what you can do for her. You can be there for her, and you *will* be. But the healing is for herself to do, her own demons to face down.

Exhaling softly, you lift your head a little to glance at the clock, little glowing hands on bright. A little past four AM.

You'll wait for Mami to wake. And you'll keep hugging her, of course, not that *that* is an imposition.

Her breathing eases out to an even tempo.

Your mind drifts, winding through ideas for what to do for breakfast. Remote operated maid-self to cook for both of you, maybe? Then you could do breakfast in bed. You're not getting out of bed without Mami, after all.

Hm.

You do have a *superb* awareness of where the Grief is relative to yourself. Proprioception, the term is, and you have... essentially absolute proprioception with regards to your Grief. It's how you guide it when you can't see it, after all - the Grief doesn't so much as *crash* into things as it does *flow* around obstacles.

Like poured sand grains, except dark purple with deeply unsettling fractal patterns. And also spheres much much larger than sand grains.

Hm. The problem is that even if you know where your Grief is, you don't know where everything *else* is. Which means you'd have to be able to *see*. You could... maybe theoretically rig up something with Grief. Arrays of ultra-sensitive photokinetic cantilevers or something, in a very crude *mechanical* pinhole camera.

... eh, too much trouble. And too *untested*.

It's too early in the morning, and more importantly, too early in *Mami's* morning for Science.

You smile faintly to yourself, cuddling a little closer to Mami. It's... nice, you're perfectly happy to admit. Just being here, *with* her. You settle in to wait.

It's an hour, maybe a bit less, before Mami starts to stir. You blink awake from your half doze. Mami's eyes flicker, soft gold staring muzzily at you.

You smile at her, and a few moments of blinking incomprehension later, she responds with a tentative, sleepy smile. She yawns hugely, and then her eyes flutter closed again.

...

Well, you *know* Mami's not a morning person, anyway.

It takes a good fifteen minutes for Mami to wake up properly. You smile at her again as she opens her eyes, keeping her firmly ensconced in your arms.

Emotions wash across her face. Fear, surprise, relief. "G-good morning, Sabrina," she whispers. "W-what time is it?"

"Good morning, Mami," you respond. "Um... Maybe about five thirty?"

"Oh," she says, lowering her eyes. "Sorry for wakin-"

You press a gentle finger to her lips, smiling. "No," you say.

She nods, golden eyes worried.

"Mami, I don't mind," you murmur. "I really, truly don't. I enjoy being here with you. I enjoy giving you hugs, and I enjoy spending time with you."

Mami nods again, slower, but a little more firmly.

"Good," you say, withdrawing your hand and patting her cheek. "Now, what would you like for breakfast?"

"Um..." she says, biting her lip. "I... Anything you'd like, Sabrina."

"Oh, but we can't have that!" you say, beaming at her. "You see, *I* want *you* to have what *you* want for breakfast!" You tap her on the nose, still beaming. "I'm not going to let *you*, Tomoe Mami, stand in the way of Tomoe Mami Enjoying Her Breakfast to the Utmost Extent!" You take care to pronounce the capital letters.

Mami stares at you. She blinks, and then a giggle escapes her. She looks startled for a moment, and then starts giggling helplessly.

You smile, hugging her. "If you don't tell me," you threaten. "I'll *tickle* the information out of you!" Your hand drops to her waist, poking experimentally.

"Noooo," Mami whines, squirming away from your questing fingers.

"But I must know\~" you say, starting to tickle her in earnest. There isn't anywhere she can escape to on the tiny one person bed, and you reduce her to a flailing, breathless mess within a few minutes before letting up.

"Now, tell me!" you demand, sitting up and giving her a fond smile. "What do you want for breakfast?"

Still panting from the laughter, Mami sits up and promptly burrows into your side. She peeks up at you with a worried, hopeful look. The edge fades a little when you drape your arm around her and pull her a little closer.

"Um..." she says, nestling a little closer. "I really don't mind. Anything you'd like, Sabrina."

"Mami," you say gently. "It would really mean the world to me if I could make you happy. Just seeing you enjoy something is enough for *me* to enjoy it."

She meets your eyes for a long moment, soft gold against sky blue. "Then..." she says at last. "Um... Are you very hungry, Sabrina?"

"No, not really, why?" you say, giving her a pleased smile.

"Well..." Mami temporises for a moment. "Maybe we could bake something? W-we're going to bake for the picnic anyway, right, and we could have a few cookies before if you're too hungry but-"

You press your finger to her lips again and smile. "Yes," you say. "That sounds amazing, Mami."

"A-alright," she says, ducking her head. "Umm... I was thinking maybe some scones? That should be quick?"

"That would be great," you agree, shifting to swing your feet over the edge of the bed. Mami follows, shuffling along to stay beside you. "We have jam and... hm, we have cream, don't we?" You hop to your feet, stretching luxuriously with both arms over your head.

"We do," Mami agrees, standing too. "We need it for the cake."

"Perfect, then," you say, giving her a smile. Linking your arm with hers, you head for the bathroom. You wait outside with a ribbon around your wrist while Mami performs her morning ablutions, and then it's your turn.

You emerge from the bathroom to find Mami waiting with anxious eyes, enfolding her in a reassuring hug before towing her to the kitchen. You start rummaging in the cupboards. "The normal flour, right?" you ask. "Not high protein?"

"Ah, yes," Mami says, giving you a quick smile as she withdraws mixing bowls from another cupboard.

"Mmm\~" you hum as you lay out the ingredients on the table. Flour, baking powder, sugar, joined by milk and butter and buttermilk freshly drawn from the fridge by Mami. You bump your hip against her, flashing her a playful smirk.

Mami ducks her head, smiling at you. You step back to let her start measuring out the flour - she'd have a better sense of what's needed, after all. She takes the invitation, twirling past you in what's almost half a dance step. You complete the almost-a-dance with a turn in the opposite direction, digging into the fridge to withdraw the carton of eggs.

Speaking of dancing... "Say, Mami?" you ask, cracking the eggs into a bowl. "How do you feel about some musical accompaniment?"

"Um... That would be nice," she agrees. "I like that song you made for me?"

You didn't really make it, but you might as well have, here and now. You *remembered* it. Good enough, really. Solid Grief flows in through the window - no need for *Witchy* Grief here, and no need to make Mami uncomfortable with it.

You strum a note, and then start the [music](http://puu.sh/rmeNc/78496336b0.ogg). You go from there, the two of you falling into an easy, comfortable rhythm. You take the time to reassure her that you're *there*. A touch to the elbow, a bump against her hip...

Eventually, you sit down opposite from Mami. It's barely six, the kitchen filled with deliciously fragrant smiles of baking. Fresh scones sit in front of you, jam, cream, and honey off to the side. A steaming cup of tea accompanies each of your plates.

You beam at Mami. "These look amazing," you compliment.

Mami waves it off, smiling. "It's as much your work as mine, Sabrina."

You shake your head, disagreeing, but you don't say that. "Anyway, let's eat!" Mami adds a modest amount of honey and cream to a scone, before biting in with a happy noise.

"I used to do this..." Her expression falters for a moment. "For myself. I- it's much nicer, having someone to share these with."

You take a bite of your own scone and smile warmly at her. "Yeah," you agree. "Sharing fresh baked breakfast with you is *wonderful*."

You briefly consider waking everyone up with your usual 'Good morning Mitakihara!', but it's six on a Saturday morning. Sayaka might *actually* kill you for that. Still, you've got half an hour before the cake is done, and maybe another half an hour of pre-cooking preparation before you're free to head out for the day.

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

  - [x] During breakfast, do your "Good Morning Mitakihara" thing.
    - [x] If scheduled cooking/baking time permits, confirm morning training with Sayaka. Keep the session relatively short.
- [x] After breakfast, contact Nagisa's uncle and extend her an official invitation.

\=====​

In fairness, you *did* sleep at like eight thirty the night before.
