# On a Rail pt. 6

"Of course, Mami," you agree, tightening your hug around her. "I'd like that - and I'm always happy to help. School matters, and there should always be room for the things that matter to you."

"Alright," she says, fingers reaching out for the cake tins. "Umm... I need to release the cakes now."

"Go ahead," you say. "Hmm... Your plan from, uh, before I panicked seems great. I don't see any issues with it, so... Let's do that."

You finally release Mami from the hug, instead shuffling around beside her and grabbing a cake tin of your own. You run a blunt knife around the edge of the tin and invert it over some waxed paper, depositing a perfectly golden-brown layer of cake - and by the time you're done, Mami's already finished the other two layers.

You both reach for the cream at the same time. You smile, and step back, letting Mami take the lead. Sadly, you only have one set of equipment for that, but on the other hand, you can start in on the rest of the pastries.

"Hmm," you hum. "Sayaka sounded... kind of upset I woke her up early. I'll have to make it up to her somehow."

"Ah... You could bake her something?" Mami suggests, whipping the icing with a brisk hand. "Though I'm sure she wasn't really upset."

"Oh, that's a good idea," you say. An idea strikes you. "Do you think something *coffee* flavoured would be too mean?"

Mami takes a moment to get it. She giggles when she does, clear and tinkling. "No," she says. "But we don't have any coffee. We could go and buy some?"

You consider that, heart soaring at hearing her *laugh*. "Nah, we don't have the time. Do we have any raspberry jam?"

"We do," Mami says. "We just bought the jar yesterday, remember?"

"Excellent," you say, rubbing your hands together. "Now, we have cream cheese and honey too, and hmm... Nah, I think I won't make something personalised for everyone. Ruins the apology if I do that, though... What if Sayaka gets an *extra* one?"

Mami pauses in her icing, giving you a puzzled look.

"Cupcakes!" you declare happily as you walk over to the fridge. "Cupcakes for everyone, and they're easy enough that we can bake them alongside the cooking we need to do now."

"No, not that," Mami says. "T-though that's a great idea! Just, um, raspberry jam, cream cheese, and honey? Um, sorry, I'm sure you have some idea-"

You set the jars down and poke Mami's nose, stopping her apology in its tracks. "Not all together, Mami," you say. "I was thinking we could make personalised cupcakes for everyone, in the end."

"Oh," Mami says, looking down.

You nudge her in the side. "None of that," you say, giving her a warm smile. "Now, what else do we have to prepare?"

"Well," Mami says, a slight, worried edge on her smile. You wouldn't even know it's there if you weren't looking. "We should cut and season all the meat and fish that we'll be cooking later. Um, you wanted to prepare Indian curry, right? Does that need any preparation?"

"Yeah, it would be best if we could season the meat earlier, too," you agree.

And so you do. The cake turns out perfect -how else could it be, with Mami at the helm?- and it's joined by scores of cookies and cupcakes, mostly done by your hand. At first, anyway. The kitchens fills with the delicious scents of baking confectionery as Mami finishes up with the cake and joins you. The two of you work with smooth synchronisation and utter comfort with each other's presence, movements all but choreographed. The pre-cooking preparation is squared away too, seasoned meats and prepared spices tucked away in the refrigerator.

You step away from the counter, rolling your neck and beaming at Mami. You grab a cupcake hidden away in a corner and present it to Mami - the *first* one you'd decorated. It's covered with smooth ripples of honey frosting, and you might have used a touch of Grief to steady your hands just so. You'd considered adding two little twists to represent her hair drills, but that's a little too... on the nose, so to speak.

"Here you are," you declare happily, beaming at Mami. "This one's for you, Mami."

"A-ah-" Mami blinks in surprise, and then beams at you, wobbly but pleased. "Thank you, Sabrina!" She takes the cupcake, cradling it between both her hands like something precious.

You smile, wiping away a bit of sweat and pulling her into a sidelong hug. "Anyway, we'll pack all of this up, and then head out to the junkyard?"

Mami nods, carefully putting her cupcake down and leaning into the hug. "Alright," she agrees, carefully inspecting the piles of baked goods arrayed over the counter. "We can cover most of these and leave them to cool outside, but the cake needs to go in the refrigerator."

You beam at Mami. "Sounds good," you say, searching for the net cover. "Hm... Do you think we should invite Homura along? We could have Sayaka try and copy her power."

Mami hums. "The more the merrier," she agrees, starting to arrange the cookies and cupcakes neatly. She sets the cupcake you made for her off to one side with reverent care.

"Mmm. Oh, here it is," you say, finally locating the cover. You leave it on the counter beside Mami, ready for use. "Hmm... So, Mami, I was thinking, one of my biggest limitations is my range, right?"

Mami hesitates before nodding. "Right?"

"I wanted to test a few things to see how various effects behave near the edge of my range, to see if I can cheat and make constructs that can go beyond that range," you explain, shuffling over to the sink and washing your hands. You take care to scrub the flour out from under your Grief ring.

"Ah, I see," Mami says, brightening at the topic. She unfurls the net cover with an elegant flourish, throwing it over the baked goods. "So... like throwing things? Or a gun?"

You swallow an amused snort. You should have expected that Mami would jump to that conclusion, given her... obvious propensities. "Well, that's one thing," you agree, gesturing towards the kitchen door. "Like, if I throw something using Grief, will it keep going? And, say, light, or sound. Or what if I made light or sound? If a glowing construct can be seen from outside my range, then I can make a laser beam, right?"

Mami nods as she follows you to the bedroom where you grab some clothes. "Magic may not always make sense," she notes, following suit. "But it's worth trying!"

You nod. "I know," you agree, offering your arm for her to ribbon. "And, say, if maybe I can't make a laser beam directly - what if I used that laser pointer with Grief batteries?"

Mami tilts her head, considering that. "We'll find out," she says, smiling a little.

You pull her into a hug. "'course," you say. "And I can't do it without you. I need a spotter, after all, so I waited until I could do it with you."

"Thank you." Mami burrows into the hug.

You hold her for a few minutes before pulling back a little. "Shall we?"

"Mmmn," she agrees, heading into the bathroom.

"Say, Mami," you call through the door, leaning against it from the outside. "I just thought of something, since you brought up guns - how did you practice the... really destructive attacks? Like Tiro Finale? I've had some idea, but the collateral damage..."

"Oh," Mami responds, accompanied by the rustling of cloth. "Sometimes, I'd head to the outskirts of the city, where there's not many people. Or else I'd fire it straight into the ground if it wasn't too destructive, or use a Witch Barrier if the Familiars weren't very aggressive."

A few minutes later, both of you have changed - once into casual wear, and once again to your puella magi costumes. You're bounding over the rooftops, headed for the customary junkyard. The morning dawns clear, the sun beginning it's trek up the sky at a bright and early seven.

Hm. Warehouse-kun's probably getting a little lonely, but the junkyard is *Mami's* spot.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Science time!
