# On a Rail pt. 10

You huff in amusement, arms still draped around Mami from behind. She bumps her head gently against your cheek. The smile on your face matches hers, really.

"So, a chibi-me," you muse. "Iiiiiit might be kind of Witchy."

Mami's smile fades for a moment, but only a moment. "It's alright, Sabrina," she reassures you. "I'm getting used to it. It's... if I concentrate on how it feels, I know it's you, not a Witch, so it's alright."

A tiny pair of arms hug you around your calf. You giggle, releasing Mami for a moment to pick up the chibi and put it on your head. It wobbles a little before managing to balance properly, both arms stuck out to help.

Mami giggles as you pull her back into a hug. From the feel of the shifting weight on your head, the chibi her is looking around. "It's so high up here\~" she observes.

You snort in amusement. "Well, here we go," you breathe. "Unleash... the *chibi*." Your eyes fall shut, half meditative as you reach for your power.

What you want is... simple. A miniature version of yourself. You think of Mami's chibi, an adorable little version of her, possibly the predecessor to her full body duplicate. Your power stretches, moulding and twisting and sculpting a whirlpool of Grief.

You open your eyes.

You open *two* sets of eyes, even as the sensation of *Witch, Witch, Witch!* presses on your mind. And you look at Mami from two points of view - one barely knee high, and another at the usual height. An identical smile spreads across both your faces.

Mami blinks down at you, eyes going *huge*.

And then she squeals, and reaches for you, two giant arms sweeping down from the sky to grab you even as you laugh and release Mami from your *own* hug so that she can grab *you* and cuddle you to herself.

"So cuuuuuuuuuteeeeeee!" Mami squeals, delightedly squeezing the life out of you. The miniature you. It's a good thing that you -well, your chibi- doesn't actually need to breathe. Instead, you bump your tiny head under her chin.

You laugh, throwing your arms around both Mami and your*self*, the Mami on your head pitching forward with to hug your head from the top. You -the chibi you- squirm out of Mami's hug and clamber onto her head, opening your arms to the chibi-Mami in invitation.

Mami blinks at you in surprise, turning in your arms to face you, and then she laughs. The chibi-her throws her arms around you too.

"Oh, Sabrina," Mami gasps through her chibi, grin wide on her flushed face. "That's *amazing.*"

"No," you respond in the same way, grinning at her. You kick your feet gently, trousered legs ruffling Mami's hair. "You know what's amazing? *You* did it all the hard way. I have to *cheat,* and I just *copied* what you did."

Mami shakes her head in quiet disagreement, nearly dislodging you from your perch atop her head. So you naturally take the opportunity to cling tighter to her chibi, giggling happily. And just to be fair, you hug Mami closer, too.

A quiet cough interrupts you.

You twitch, arms tightening around Mami as you flinch from the sudden *presence* beside you.

Homura raises one eyebrow at you.

You cough, and point to your head. "Chibis."

"... I see," Homura says.

"... they're cute?" Mami offers, looking a little sheepish.

Homura gives the chibi Mami balancing on your head a considering look. "... I see," she says.

You cough awkwardly. "Anyway, yes," you say, releasing Mami and stepping back. You keep ahold of chibi-Mami, though, making yourself comfortable on Mami's head and cuddling her chibi. "So, uh, I was going to say before I got distracted, that Homura was coming. But, uh." You rub your nose with an abashed grin at Mami. "You can see that."

Homura sighs, eyeing the chibis with a curious eye. She steps closer to Mami, poking your face with a finger. You swat her hand away with one stubby arm. "Hey, I can feel that."

Mami shakes her head, smiling. "I won't complain," she says, happily nuzzling against you with her chibi.

"How far can the chibis go from you?" Homura asks, meeting your eyes.

"Uh, I'm pretty sure mine's subject to the same hundred meter limit," you admit. "Mami?"

"I haven't tested that properly, but I easily made it a kilometer last time I used the chibi to scout?" Mami offers. "I just have to keep extending the ribbon."

Homura nods, settling back. "I see. When is Miki Sayaka coming?"

"I'll be, um, calling her in a bit," you say. "Though I wanted to discuss what we could train her on first?" That's not the *only* thing you want to do, but you'd missed your opportunity to greet Homura as a pair of chibis tinkering on a giant automaton. Then again, the option to do that to *Sayaka's* still open.

Homura nods slowly in agreement. "You said we were going to work on ranged training for Miki Sayaka," she notes.

"Right," you agree. "She was too eager to rush into melee yesterday. And with you here, we could do a two on two, and cover some teamwork too? What do you think, Mami? Homura?"

"That sounds good," Mami says, flashing you a smile.

Homura nods, face impassive.

You grin. "Then it's time to wake everyone up," you declare, and extend your telepathy. "*Goooooood morning, Mitakihara!*"

"*Your radio station stinks!*" Sayaka responds immediately. Homura visibly bites back a sigh, stalking over to a somewhat less rusty car. After giving the hood a prim once-over, she sits down clearly willing to wait.

"*Sayaka!*" Madoka says reprovingly.

"*I'm entitled to be grumpy about being woken up at six on a Saturday,*" Sayaka says.

Mami smiles, patting you on the shoulder. Her chibi, still perched on top of her head, gives you a hug. "*Sabrina's very sorry about it,*" she says. "*She worked very hard to make cupcakes to apologise!*"

You give your bag a surreptitious pat to make sure the cupcakes are still safe within. Thankfully, they are.

"*I did,*" you affirm.

A lazy yawn filters into the chat. "*Good morning, everyone,*" Hitomi says. She sounds sleepily *rumpled*, somehow.

"*Good morning, Hitomi!*" Madoka says.

"*Ah, right, 'morning, everyone,*" you add, to a chorus of hasty greetings from your friends. Even Sayaka.

Heh.

Ingrained manners.

"*Everyone good for the picnic, by the way?*" you ask. "*And Sayaka, you're good for the training?*"

"*Yeah, yeah,*" Sayaka grumbles. "*Eating breakfast right now.*"

"*Cool,*" you say. Listening with half a metaphysical ear to the morning chatter, you open up a channel to Sayaka. "*Hey, Sayaka, sorry about the early wakeup. I just kind of screwed up and panicked a bit.*"

Sayaka groans. "*Yeah, yeah, I'm just grouchy,*" she grumps back at you.

"*Yeah, but uh, just to make sure - Clear Seeds can dump the Grief inside them into normal ones on contact,*" you explain. "*And, uh, that's not normally an issue, but a normal Grief Seed can *over*fill and rehatch the Witch. I'm very, very, *very* sorry about not mentioning it earlier.*"

Sayaka's silent for a moment. "*Ugh, fine, I see why you were worried,*" she says.

Mami's chibi tugs your sleeve, pointing at the ground, and hops off Mami's head. You leap after her, landing carefully on your stubby little feet and following the miniature -Mamiature? Nah, too awkward- over to your own legs. The chibi sits down and hugs your calf. You promptly hug the mini-Mami from behind.

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*So, yeah. Sorry.*"

"*Meh,*" she says. "*Let me sleep in tomorrow and we're good.*"

"*Heh, right,*" you say. "*Anyway, see you soon?*"

She makes an inarticulate noise, and dips back into the main conversation. "*Madoka, are we meeting up for homework before the meeting?*"

"*Ah, yes,*" Madoka agrees.

You flash a smile at Mami, still only half paying attention to Mami. "Hey, Mami? I need to make a phone call - see if we can invite Nagisa along as well?"

Mami tilts her head, smiling at you. "Alright," she says.

You pull your phone out of your pocket, taking a step away and dialling Shin's number. Mami's chibi follows you, still hugging your calf, and of course, you follow.

"Hello, this is Momoe Shin." Nagisa's uncle picks up a few minutes later.

"Good morning, Mr. Momoe," you say. "This is Sabrina."

"Ah, Sabrina!" the man responds. "How can I help you today?"

"Well, I was wondering if Nagisa could come to the picnic later today," you say.

"Hm... Ah, yes, you mentioned it," the man says. "Who's going? Where and when is it?"

"Uh, my friends - you met us all the other day, right? Myself, Mami, Madoka, Homura, Sayaka, Hitomi," you say. Mami catches your eye and gives you an encouraging smile. "Possibly Kyousuke as well - he's a friend of ours. We're going to that big park, Gokai Park? Four thirty today."

"Hmm..." Shin says. "I'm double-check with Nagisa, though I'm sure she'd be happy to. I'll message you later?"

"Sounds good," you agree, watching as Mami approaches Homura and seems to ask her a question. "Thank you!"

"No problem, Sabrina," the man says, a hint of warmth in his voice. "You were a friend to Nagisa when she needed it."

"I was glad to," you say.

"Nevertheless," he says. "Is there anything else?"

"Nah, that's it," you say. "Later!"

"Goodbye, Sabrina," Shin responds, and hangs up.

You glance down at the mini-Mami, reaching down to ruffle her hair, and then pick her up. You scramble up your arms, so that you're cradling yourself and the chibi-Mami in your arms as you rejoin Homura and Mami.

Homura has what looks like an old revolver laid out on the hood of the car, half disassembled as she shows Mami the insides.

Mami looks up at your approach, beaming at you. "Hi," she says.

"Hi!" you respond. "What's happening?"

"Ah... well, I was thinking, it might be easier for you to replicate the mechanism if you had something to work off?" Mami says, pointing at the disassembled gun. "Do you think a revolver would work? Or would something automatic work better?"

"Eh... I think I could work with a recoil mechanism," you say. "Like an M1911 or similar. But I *think* that at the kind of masses we're working with, something like naval artillery might be best."

There's an interested gleam in Mami's eyes. "*Battleship* artillery?"

"Yeah, a powered loader," you say.

Homura frowns. "Before that," she says. "We are doing teamwork practice, right? Two versus two?"

"Yep, that's what I was thinking," you agree.

She nods. "I volunteer to team up with Mami."

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Offer to try working on a tandem attack with Mami. Start by seeing if you can cooperate to make a automatic firing mechanism compatible with Mami's muskets. Look into what she actually uses for propellant, and how she wants to feed the ammunition.
- [x] If it works, try with a scale model of Tiro Finale, to work out placement of various components, before scaling it up to full Tiro Finale size. Keep in mind the fine control you have over grief, and abuse it liberally to avoid issues common to big guns.
- [x] Confer with Mami on other possible things that can be improved with a combination design. Applying [additional electromagnetic acceleration](https://youtu.be/JgsTJ8cZbT0), maybe, if she can make her projectiles conductive, or with a conductive sabot?
  - [x] If you do fire it, aim downward, because the ground is pretty much the only backstop that can withstand this thing. Take appropriate safety precautions.
  - [x] Let Mami name it.

\=====​

OK, so, actually working on the cannon is getting pushed back to the next update. Sayaka'll be arriving soon, too, so vote accordingly.
