# On a Rail pt. 12

"Well, uh-" you blink. A plan, a plan, you *do* need a plan and you weren't thinking about it. You mean, you're probably going to lose, since you're being limited out of your most potent fighting abilities. Your eyes dart around the junkyard, taking in the flat, sandy ground, and untidy rows of rusting cars and discarded machinery.

"Uh-" Your eyes flick back to Homura and Mami. "What counts as an 'out' for this match? Or are we going to count how many hits we take and total the score at the end?"

Mami purses her lips. "We'll be going with a score system," she says, nodding. "Or... Mmm, a score system, but every melee hit counts as ten - often enough, one good hit will be sufficient."

Privately, you think that one good ranged hit from Mami in particular would put most out of commission, as she's frequently demonstrated. Mami catches your eye, tilting her head a little and winking before flicking her gaze at Sayaka.

You nod, smiling back.

You'd probably be lucky to land *one* hit, anyway.

"Wait, you're going to be shooting us?" Sayaka asks, looking faintly worried.

"Airsoft," Homura says, dipping behind her shield and producing an... alarmingly realistic Desert Eagle.

Really, what *is* it about that gun that makes it so popular?

Homura catches your look and works the release, popping the magazine out and holding it for you to see that yes, that really is just an airsoft gun. Not actual bullets.

Mami beams at you for a moment, before it melts into uncertainty. "You're- you're alright with that, right, Sabrina?"

You smile warmly at her, taking a moment to cuddle the chibi-Mami for emphasis. "Yes," you say. "I am. I- Mami, it's *good* to see you confident and taking charge. So..." You offer her an upraised palm for a high five. "Let's all have a good spar?"

Mami nods, and answers the high five. "A-alright," she says. "We'll start ten meters apart?"

"Give us a few minutes to plan," you respond, flashing her a smile as you start taking a few steps back. "We'll signal when ready."

You're already drawing in Grief for the wings that unfurl from your back, midnight purple and roiling. Sayaka paces at your side, summoning a sword in her other hand. The early morning sun is just warm enough to be pleasant, light glinting from the surfaces of the hammer you pull from beneath your coat.

Mami gives you one last smile, before turning to face away. Homura follows suit a split second later, airsoft gun hanging loosely at her side.

You grab Sayaka by the cape and tug her behind another rusting car. She squawks and follows.

"Right, so," you start. "Do you think you can make a shield? You've got that whole knight motif going on, after all. Or, like - do you have any instincts for ranged defense that came with your contract?"

Sayaka grimaces. "Uh..." she grimaces. "I can try a shield?" She sets one of her swords down and holds her hand out, frowning. "I just have to *want* it, right?"

"Yeah, that's what seems to work for me," you agree. "Honestly, we're *probably* not going to win. But the point is for us to learn and to try new things, yeah?" You pitch your voice a little louder, making sure it carries. "Besides, they'll be using non-lethal projectiles, which'll sting, but we're not going to get hurt terribly much."

Sayaka nods, still frowning at her hand in concentration.

"OK, so, uh," you say. "Yes. You *should* have some kind of instincts for defense, becoming a magical girl seems to come with a nice package of them. I mean, I could be wrong, but that's what it seems like to me. It might not be a shield, it might be, like, slicing bullets out of the air or something, I don't know. Uh, for my part - well, when Mami fights, she can tell when attacks are coming without even looking. It's *really* cool, and I want to try it. No idea whether I *can* emulate it, though."

"No, no, I think I-" Sayaka's magic sparks blue, and a large kite shield materialises in a shimmering display of light. "Got it!" she says triumphantly, looking up at you. "Uh, I dunno about losing, but we're gonna try, right?"

"Oh, yes, we're gonna try," you grin, giving the shield a look. Blue and white, with a twisting border around its side. "Stay low, stay behind cover. Mami and Homura are probably the two most gifted marksmen in... probably all of Japan, at least."

She grins back. "Gotcha. I don't think I can do the bullet slice thing, but I can try it, maybe. I have a shield, though! Do we split up?"

You nod. "I'm volunteering as bait - as I said, I want to try the prediction thing."

"I'll try and... flank them, then," Sayaka says.

"Homura's somewhat weaker than Mami in melee, I think," you note. "If we can isolate either of them and *both* of us go after one, then we have a good chance at winning." You shift to telepathy. "*Let me know if you spot an opportunity.*"

"Gotcha," Sayaka says, flashing you a confident grin and offering a gloved fist.

You fistbump her back. "Good luck."

"Same," Sayaka says.

You poke your head out from behind the car. "We're ready, Mami, Homura!" you call. "On go?"

Well.

"On go!" Mami calls back, turning to smile at you. Homura's violet eyes meet yours for a moment. "Three!"

You're a mage who's agreed to *not* fight with your magic.

"Two!" You add your voice to Mami's.

Eh. It's just a spar.

"One!" Sayaka grins in anticipation.

How bad could it be?

"Go!"

You bolt straight ahead. Distantly glimpsed is Homura, already breaking left. Mami's nowhere to be seen, with either set of eyes.

Though you probably shouldn't surprise her with surprise chibi hugs. That would be cheating. Instead, you just maintain the loose hug around the chibi Mami.

Sayaka's gone, dashing around an old refrigerator.

You can sense them, all of them. Glowing maelstroms of magic in motion. Mami's going high on her ribbon trapeze.

You jolt to a halt and throw yourself backwards. The wings bleed momentum as you yank yourself into the air.

A shot throws up puffs of dirt where'd you'd almost stepped.

Homura's swinging around. "*Sayaka, your right!*"

And then you're forced to dodge forwards, throwing yourself to the ground. You land on your shoulder and roll as shots crack down around you.

Mami is *above* you. You don't need to look.

You chance a quick one, anyway.

You spot her. She arcs lazily through the air, haloed against the morning sun. The light glints off her hair and highlights her flaring skirt.

Her musket's aimed right at you.

You drop to the ground. You land on your knees. To the *side-*

A tug of *will* on your wings hurls you to the left.

You can fly. She can't. Not yet.

Your feet scrape on sand. You let momentum coil you into a crouch. A powerful kick, and you're airborne.

Mami spots you. The spent musket's already falling away, a new one snapping into your hands. Already aimed at you.

Too far.

Split second's decision.

You could throw your hammer. You could dodge-

She fires.

You feel the impact against your left shoulder, a light tap. The musket ball explodes into clinging ribbons that *stick* in a tiny splash of yellow.

You're still soaring straight at her.

And now you're close enough. You swing your hammer in a flashing arc. Mami counters with her musket. Sparks fly from clashing metal.

Impossibly, Mami doesn't get thrown away. She *twists* and grabs the haft of your hammer with one hand.

You let her snatch it away, another one forming.

A swing and a hooking motion. You lock hammer against musket and *yank*. The musket goes flying, but it's already expended and Mami's already swinging a new one around-

You can fly. She can't.

You jolt away from her, wings flaring. Her muzzle tracks you, but you're too close, too fast, and now you get behind her as she falls. Her legs tuck in and she twirls to bring the musket to bear with one hand, but you're already swinging at her as she fires.

Sayaka's under fire from Homura. You can sense her ducking and weaving, Homura in relentless pursuit.

A twitch of your hammer smashes the barrel aside. Just in time for the ball to whizz past your ear.

You're grinning in exhilaration as you dive for Mami.

So is she, a bright, *exhilarated* smile on her face.

... she *also* has a fresh musket in her free hand.

You can't dodge... but she doesn't fire.

She winks at you, and tilts it away.

... oh, Mami.

You take the moment's reprieve to dart away. You cast an eye back to make sure she lands safely. She does, dropping into a smooth crouch as you dive for cover behind another rusting car.

Sweeping deeper into the confines of the junkyard, you keep a mental eye on Mami - she stands there for a moment, before breaking into a sprint. She's not after you.

"*Sabrina!*" Sayaka's voice. "*Homura's alone, after me!*"

You know that, but then again, you cheat. "*Not for long,*" you snap back. "*Mami's incoming.*"

"*Right!*" Sayaka responds.

You kick into the air, skimming close to the ground, so close you can *smell* the acrid tang of caked in oil and rust. You have to, or risk getting shot.

Around the next bend. Sayaka's holding still in your Grief sense, Homura a flitting, darting presence.

Tch.

You drop into a snap turn, reorienting on Homura, tracking her form. Around *that* corner in three, two, one-

You hurl yourself forward, hammer drawn back.

Trailing hair in a billowing, black banner, Homura emerges. Amethyst eyes widen in surprise at your presence and the muzzle of her gun snaps up-

That's fine.

You swing. Not at her, but at the ground. The spike drives home, slingshotting you into a pivot turn with enough gees to set your coat snapping out straight.

Just enough for Homura's shot to miss you. She hits your coat, but not you.

You hurl yourself into a power slide on the coarse sand. Both your legs drive upwards into a rising kick that meets only air as Homura's suddenly gone in a flash of purple-

Her airstep.

Which buys her enough time to nail you with a clean shot to your stomach.

Which- "Ow!" you complain even as you flip yourself into the air.

Homura doesn't respond, holding her gun up. A moment's grace period to you, apparently.

Behind you.

"*Down!*" Sayaka barks. You're already jerking to the side.

Just in time for a sharp bang to reach your ears. Sayaka's blade launches past you. Homura dodges easily, gun cracking with two snap shots that hammer home in the swirling white cloth of Sayaka's cape-

Which flutters harmlessly to the ground.

On your *left*.

Your instincts scream at you, and you obey with a twist to the side.

Not fast enough.

A shot tags your side, a splash of yellow ribbon. And then Sayaka's there with her shield, shots crashing against the metal.

You grin, and skim to the side, wings flared wide.

Homura. Shots hammer down on you. Two hit your back, others zinging by - you need cover, now-

An old metal table serves. You skid under it, inverting yourself, and you kick. The table goes flying. End over end, and your aim is *good*.

Homura skitters aside, pistol raised and still firing. Behind you, Sayaka charges Mami.

Your hammer swings up. You have a vague notion of deflecting bullets but you don't think you can succeed but what you *do* manage to do is hurl yourself at Homura. Her aim's off by a fraction thanks to the table, and- isn't she out of rounds yet? No, wait, airsoft-

She tags you again in your side.

The sound of clashing steel and Sayaka's grunts behind you. The roar of Mami's muskets boom in riposte.

And-

You catch the way Homura's hands blur and the spike of magic.

She's using her timestop to reload.

You're all but on top of her now, though-

You plow into her, hammer a gleaming arc. You pull the strike at the last moment, stopping just short of her side.

You grin at her. Point to you.

She catches your eyes. Her hands shift minutely, and she vanishes.

Reappearing a meter to your left, Homura gives you what you feel is a rather unfairly pointed look. You *know* it's a spar and you're both pulling your hits and abilities.

She seems to get the general drift, jerking her chin in Sayaka's general direction.

"I know," you say, rolling your eyes. You can sense Mami and Sayaka clashing. Sayaka's being driven back, and probably getting shot a lot, too.

You take off running. Homura's... well, she *did* shoot you in the back there, but hey, all's fair, right?

You hurtle towards Sayaka and Mami. This close, you can hear the ring of metal on metal, and the thunder of Mami's muskets. Planting your hand onto the roof of a car, you flip *over* the car and slam an axe kick-

A shot catches you in the *leg*. You go tumbling to the side with an undignified squawk.

"Sabrina!" Sayaka manages, before she's forced to dodge another fusillade of shots. The melee rolls away from you.

You're up and running in moments, surging forward to avoid a hail of shots from Homura. Mami snaps a shot at you even as she presses the attack against Sayaka with shot and musket. She's trying to keep you and Sayaka apart.

The shot forces you to skid to the side to avoid it. Your wings take you into the air, dodging Homura's shots by a hair.

A snap roll to the side gets you out of the way of another booming retort from Mami's muskets. Homura behind you in a flare of magic.

"*Sayaka!*" you call. "*Gonna set up a shot for you! Homura behind me!*"

Without waiting for a response you *dive*. You pour on every scrap of speed you can dredge out. Ahead of you, Mami duels against Sayaka, musket against sword - and then Sayaka sets her teeth and slams her shield into the ground.

Anvil to your hammer.

Mami's eyes widen, musket whirling on you. She tags you, but-

You crash into Mami, dropping your hammer in favour of tackling her. You go tumbling to the ground.

Sayaka yells and charges through the vacated space. Right at Homura. Her sword's a shining blur as she swings at the time traveller who's abruptly five meters to the right, pistol already *levelled* at a head of blue hair-

You're pinning Mami to the ground, and you can't get there in time, but then again-

"That's enough!" Mami calls.

Sayaka sags immediately, lowering her shield and letting the sword drop with a clang. Homura pulls her gun up and away with only a moments' hesitation.

Mami grins up at you.

You sit back on your haunches, and then hop to your feet before offering her your hand. She accepts it, so you pull her to her feet, and into a hug. She laughs, even as she nestles into your arms with a happy sigh.

"Good spar, everyone!" you say.

"Good spar," Mami agrees, raising her head and stepping back a little without releasing you from the hug.

"Says you," Sayaka grumbles, her tone belying the bright, exhilarated smirk on her face. "That was fun."

"Did you manage to land any hits?" you ask.

Sayaka gives you a sour look. "Nope. Got shot..." She frowns. "Seven times. Mostly by Homura." She jerks a thumb at the girl in question who...

Well, if you didn't know any better, you'd say Homura *preens* in her own quiet way.

... yeah, no, you're just being silly.

"Eight," you offer. "But I managed to tag Homura once, but then again, she was holding herself back, too."

"So were you," Mami points out.

"And so were *you*," you counter, poking her nose. Which reminds you of something. "Oh, by the way, I'm going to dissolve the chibi me, OK?"

Mami pouts. "Alright," she says. "I'll dissolve mine, too."

Sayaka makes a face. "Well, uh-"

"Mmm, Sayaka?" you ask. It *was* making her feel uncomfortable thanks to the constant Witchiness, you suppose.

She shrugs. "Nah. 's just that it's cute but it's weird to say that, since it's *you*."

You snort. "Well, that's the idea," you agree.

Mami tightens her arms around you. "It *is* cute," she says. "You can make it again later?"

"Not for the picnic," you say, pulling a face. You twist your will, dissolving your second body - and you're back to one set of sensations. "We're inviting Nagisa, remember?"

"Ah, that's a good point," Mami agrees. "That's a shame."

Sayaka snorts. "Madoka would probably *actually* get diabetes from the cute," she says.

You snicker. "Could be, could be," you agree.

Mami smiles at you. "What next, Sabrina?" she asks. "We still have time."

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] If/when the teams change up, try to avoid engaging Sayaka -- this is about dealing with ranged opponents. In actual combat situations it's unlikely that any melee-based meguca besides Kirika is going to pose a threat to you.
- [x] After the spar, while everyone is cooling down, dissolve the chibi -- it's really not accomplishing anything except to make people feel witchy noises at this point, and you certainly won't be taking something like that to the picnic where Nagisa would see it -- and hug Mami. Thank her for helping you practice. Thank Homura too, and Sayaka. Ask how Sayaka feels/felt about what she accomplished/did in the spar, try to give feedback (especially praise wherever possible).

\=====​

Holy shit, this update *would not stop growing*.
