# On a Rail pt. 15

You, Mami, and Homura amble along the streets, relaxed and at ease.

...

Well, *you* amble, setting an easy pace. Mami sticks close to your side, happily bumping her hip against yours every now and then. You smile at her.

Homura trails a step behind. She... well, she definitely doesn't amble. She strides, if anything, head held high and back rigid.

Eventually, of course, your paths diverge. "I'll be going this way," Homura murmurs as you approach a junction. You can't help but note that that direction would be towards Madoka's place, not hers.

"Later, Homura," you say, giving her a smile.

Mami waves. "See you later!"

Homura nods, departing across the road at her steady, measured stride.

Mami shakes her head, smiling softly at you. "She's going to Madoka's place, isn't she?" she murmurs.

You shrug. "Probably, yeah," you agree.

"Is she...?" Mami asks, trailing off meaningfully as the light turns and you cross the street.

You shrug again. "I don't think so," you say. "But I think she *could* be."

Mami tugs thoughtfully at one of her hair drills. "I see," she says.

You reach over and tug on the other, pulling it straight and letting it go. "Boing!"

Mami giggles, smacking playfully at your hand.

You grin at her. "Though really, I'm surprised and quite happy that Sayaka thinks better of Homura now," you say. The Captain Ahab thing was perhaps a little too on the nose, though, in some ways. How does she even know *that* particular bit of literature?

... Right, Mitakihara Middle School Syllabus. It deserves the capital letter.

"I was quite suspicious of Homura, too," Mami admits. "I should have known better."

You sigh, rolling your shoulders and tilting your head back to squint at the sun. You could check your phone, but that would mean you have to dig it out of your pocket. "Do you think we still have time to check in on the Mikunis?" you ask. "We could fly if necessary."

Mami's mouth twists a little. "Ah... we have time, yes," she agrees.

You give her a soft smile. "I'll be with you, of course," you tell her, sliding your arm around her waist and pulling her into a sidelong hug. "Just checking in with them, OK?"

"Alright," Mami says, managing to smile back at you. "I still... don't trust them, but I trust you, Sabrina. Though..."

You smile at her, tightening the hug a little as you direct your footsteps down a quiet alleyway. "Yes?"

"The Mikunis?" Mami asks.

"They're practically married," you say with a shrug. "Besides, imagine Kirika's face. Heck, imagine Oriko's face."

Mami gives this a moment of consideration as the two of you wallhop up the sides of the buildings. "... true," she concedes as you crest the rooftop in easy synchronisation.

"Anyway," you say, raising your hand and summoning Grief to form a platform. "We'll fly home really quick, grab a few cupcakes, and then head to their place?"

"No- ah, yes, I-" Mami's face twists. "Um, sorry."

"No," you say, smiling at her. "Don't apologise. What's up, Mami?"

"Um..." Mami says, raising her hands a little towards you. "Could you... carry me? As you fly?"

You blink. "... with my wings, you mean?"

Mami nods, giving you a nervous smile. "I'd like to see them a bit closer," she says. "Um. If that's alright? Sorry."

"No, no, I'd be happy to," you say, beaming at her as you step forward. "Er..." You bend over, looping one arm behind her knees and the other behind her back to scoop her into a princess carry. "Is this OK?"

Mami blushes a little. "Um... Yes," she says, shifting to get comfortable.

"Right. Right!" you say, wings blooming from your shoulders as you melt away Grief spheres. Mami squirms, craning her neck to get a better look at the twisting, fractal membrane slicing across the sky.

She blinks and looks away a moment later, smiling at you.

"Here we go, then," you say, crouching slightly and leaping for the sky, Mami held securely in your arms. She peeks over your shoulder, watching the wings with obvious interest.

"They don't really lift you, right?" she queries a few minutes into the flight.

"Not really," you admit over the thundering wingbeats. "They do, especially when I catch an updraft or something, but mostly, it's Grief manipulation."

"I see," Mami says, eyes bright.

The rest of your flight back home passes in silence, Mami watching with an eager gleam in her eyes. You do a quick check with Kirika as you swing by the kitchen and grab a few cupcakes before heading out again, Mami once more a comfortable weight in your arms as you head for the Mikuni residence.

Of course, your arrival isn't exactly inconspicuous, what with the wings and all. Kirika's pulling the glass door open by the time you set Mami on her feet, flashing you a grin and a thumbs up.

"Hey, Sabrina, hey, Mami," Kirika calls. She isn't quite her usual self, but she's a lot more energetic than the last time you'd seen her. "How're you doing?"

"Not bad," you say, deciding not to mention the picnic. "We brought fresh cupcakes!"

Kirika grins. "Didja bake them yourself?" she asks.

"Well, baked them with Mami," you say, nudging the blonde in question.

"Nice," Kirika says, flashing you another thumbs up. "Come in?" She turns away from you and starts to walk into the house.

"Is Miss Mikuni alright?" Mami asks, a touch hesitantly. "She isn't out to greet us."

Kirika's shoulders sag a little. "She tells me she's fine," she says. "I... I remember your advice, Sabrina, and I've been trying. Oriko... however much I love her, she's too stubborn for her own good."

You sigh, taking a few steps forward to clasp Kirika's shoulder. Wiry muscle tenses like steel cable under your hand for a moment before she relaxes. "We'll figure out something," you murmur.

"C'mon in," Kirika says, pulling free of your hand.

You follow, exchanging a look with Mami. Kirika leads you up to Oriko's room, pushing the door open.

"Hey, Oriko," you greet.

"Hello, Sabrina. Miss Tomoe," the silver-haired girl greets. She looks impeccably groomed despite her silken nightgown, hair falling over her shoulders in perfect waves. Kirika pads across the room, silently sliding into the bed and wrapping her arms around the Oriko. "I apologise that I can't offer refreshments right now. Hi, dear."

"That's quite alright, Miss Mikuni," Mami demurs, perfectly polite as you approach the bed. "We won't be staying long."

"Yeah," you say, rummaging in your bag and retrieving the box. "We brought cupcakes, by the way. How are you holding up?"

"I can't see the future any more," Oriko states, utterly bland. She takes the box with steady hands, setting it on the bedside table. "My thanks."

You drop into a chair. "I'm sorry," you say. "I- we'll figure something out. We've got a soulguca coming in-" out of the corner of your eye, you can see Kirika mouthing the word 'soulguca' to herself, "-soon, right? Hopefully she can do anything, an-"

Oriko waves her hand, cutting you off. There's a manic little edge in her smile, carefully suppressed emotion. "It's quite alright," she says. "I'm still alive."

"Oriko..." Kirika whispers, worry clear in her orange eyes.

Your lips twist. "Oriko? I haven't given up on you," you say. Mami sits beside you and cuddles into your side. "Maybe you've given up on yourself, but *I* haven't. And frankly, I'm here to *fix* things."

The seer doesn't say anything, holding your gaze steadily.

You blink first, looking away and sighing. "I... look, Oriko, I really haven't given up on you. I'm glad you're still fine - say, are you still in pain?"

"Faint twinges," Oriko says, raising her hand to display her fingers bare of rings. "However, I feel like that might be because dear Kirika doesn't trust me to get out of bed." She gives Kirika a teasing little smile, expression softening. She inclines her head towards Mami. "Once again, thank you, Miss Tomoe, for your help with the enchantment."

"I was pleased to help," Mami says, nodding slowly.

Oriko turns her attention to you. "I will keep for another few days, I'm sure," she says. "You have things to attend to, today?"

"Well... yeah," you say, feeling a faint twinge of guilt.

"Then we shan't keep you," she says with a faint smile. "I'm grateful for your visit, and the cupcakes."

You sigh, letting your shoulders slump. You're not really sure what to make of Oriko right now, but that's... as polite a 'please go away' as you've ever heard.

Ah, well.

"Hey, Kirika?" you ask. "Um... well, I guess I'm headed off now, but before I head off, did you manage to find anything about that girl?"

Kirika sighs, rubbing her eyes. "Missing as of three days ago, April the fifth. Last seen leaving her school." She cracks a wry grin as she rummages through the clutter on the bedside table. "Never thought I'd be doxxing someone for *good* reasons," she says, offering you a printout.

You snort. "Well, things happen," you say. Glancing over the paper, you find a series of notes on the girl - nothing terribly interesting there. The last thing, at the bottom of the page, is a little missing persons article. "Damn," you mutter. "Well, something *else* to look into."

"You kinda go *looking* for things to stick your nose into," Kirika points out, smirking at you.

"Eh," you say. "'s a fair cop. Thanks, Kirika."

You briefly consider asking her to be your bestbuddy, but the atmosphere isn't *quite* lighthearted enough for you to do that. Admittedly, you can't shake the mental image of yourself with a curly little mustache either, but that's neither here nor there.

Mami tugs a little on your arm, and you turn to give her a smile. "Anyway, I guess we'll be going now," you offer, turning the smile on the couple. "See you soon, Oriko, Kirika."

"See ya," Kirika says, sliding out of the bed.

"Nah, we can see ourselves out," you say, waving her back. "I won't break anything!"

Oriko rolls her eyes. "See you, Sabrina, Miss Tomoe."

Your goodbyes said, you leave the mansion through the glass door, carefully sliding it shut behind you. "Ah... shall I carry you again, Mami?"

She shakes herself, smiling up at you. "Yes. I have an idea\~"

"Oh?" you ask, bending over to pick her up.

"I'll show you," she says, nestling into your arms. "Soon!"

You snicker. "Alright," you agree, crouching a little and leaping for the skies.

You head home, wind in your hair and Mami in your arms. As you soar past the central business district, still gaining height, Mami stirs a little.

"*Sabrina?*" she murmurs into your mind.

"*Mm?*" you say.

"*Let me go,*" she says.

"*What? No!*" you tighten your arms around her.

"*I won't be hurt,*" she says. She reaches up to cup your face, golden eyes glowing with utter trust. "*And you'll catch me if I don't succeed.*"

"*I-*" Your breath hitches in your throat. "*OK.*"

In the face of that kind of sheer, absolute trust, what can you do?

You trust her, and you loosen your grip around her.

Mami smiles, her hand slipping from your face as she turns to face down, face *down* to the onrushing ground so far below. She's a magical girl and she'd survive any impact but you're already folding your wings behind her and diving to follow as she spreads her arms and legs into a skydiver's freefalling position.

Golden light blazes, a webwork of ribbons lashing across the sky as they coil and they weave. Seconds later, they snap into shape.

Wings.

Wings that clearly draw from yours. The same predatory, swept back shape, the same high arching curve. Sans the eye-straining affront against all that is good and right that makes up the fabric of your wings, of course. *Mami's* wings are woven of soft, golden fabric that shimmers faintly under the sun.

Mami's fall jolts to a halt as she wobbles, arms and legs spread wide to steady her flight.

You laugh, long and loud as you swoop down in front of Mami, settling into an aerodynamically impossible backstroke so that you're face to face with her. "*You're amazing.*"

Mami blushes brightly. "*It's nothing special,*" she says. "*I just copied your wings, and I can't really fly. This is just a glider.*"

"*And you did it with one good look at my wings,*" you say. "*Don't be ridiculous. You're awesome, Mami, and that's final.*" You reach out and tap her nose. "*Also, you're it.*" Folding one wing, you roll down and away from Mami, snapping your wings out to level into a swift flight lancing across the skyline.

Mami chases you all the way back home, her laughter mingling with yours in the clear blue sky. She's not a very *good* flyer, to be honest, but you let her catch you as you approach the apartment, turning at the last moment to let her crash against your chest. You flutter to the roof of the building with Mami safely captured in a hug, still laughing.

"You're the best," you tell her as you dissolve your wings, letting the Grief wisp away into the inert little spheres for storage.

Mami shakes her head. "No, you are," she says happily as she starts off down the stairs.

"No you," you say, sticking your tongue out at her.

With that *absolutely mature and eloquent* response under your belt, you march past her, nose held high as you head back home with Mami.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

OK, so honestly, I'm breaking the update here because it's getting too long. The next update will be cooking and lunch, which you'll finish up at about 2:30 or so, leaving a bit of time for one last activity before the picnic.
