# On a Rail pt. 16

You hum cheerfully as you unlock the door, bumping it open and shucking your shoes. Mami follows you into the apartment, stretching happily with both arms over her head. There's still a contented smile on her face, traces of pleased laughter in the creases around her eyes that look simply *beautiful* on her.

"Lunch?" you ask, giving her a soft smile. "Lunch."

It's *nice* to see her happy. Your nebulously defined status with Mami or not, it's simply *enough* to see her in a good mood.

"And cooking," Mami chimes in, bumping her shoulder against yours as she moves towards the kitchen.

"Yup," you agree, following. First things first; the things that need to come out of the refrigerator to warm up. You start pulling out clingwrapped dishes of seasoned meat and other things that need to defrost, like the butter.

Mami fussed with the steamer, rinsing it out and then filling it with water. "Are you alright with steamed rice and fish for lunch, Sabrina?" she asks. "We can just throw it all in here and steam it while we cook."

"Fine by me," you agree, giving her a grin. "Throw some greens and stuff in there, too?"

Mami huffs, mock offended. "Of course I will, Sabrina. What do you take me for?"

You flash her a grin as you start laying out the spices. You might be collaborating with Mami on everything else, but the curry is *your* idea. Actual, heavily-spiced-but-not-necessarily-*spicy* Indian style curry, not the sweet Japanese kind. Not that that's bad, it's just... Different.

Your hand hovers over the fresh chilli. Just a few of them, you think, to give it a bit of bite. You pick out a few, and set aside the chilli powder to bring along just in case anyone fancies burning their tongue off.

Hmm...

Mami starts laying out ingredients too, bumping her hip against yours. You smile at her, looping a companionable arm around her waist as she fusses with some utensils.

"Cream?" you ask.

"Cream stew," Mami confirms. "Homura did like it, after all."

"Good idea," you agree, smiling. "Right..." You rub your hands together, and reach for the knife. "... Actually, what do we want to chop up before I start on the chilli?"

Mami smiles, and starts pushing ingredients towards you - carrots, cabbage, potato... The list goes on with little murmurs of discussion over the cooking. The chillis go last, and then you're stepping past Mami to start the stove up while Mami turns to start the deep fryer.

Between the two of you, the kitchen is soon filled with the deliciously savoury smells of cooking food, pots simmering on the stove with fragrant steam wafting forth. Mami fusses with the fryer, expertly adding crumbed chicken without a single splatter. You work at a pan, laying out dumplings before adding water and covering them to steam-fry to a nice golden brown.

On the kitchen table behind you lies freshly steamed mochi dough - they just needed a minute or two to cool down. Mami gets there first, though, and grabs the roller and the dough, flashing you a smile.

You return the smile and twirl past her to check on the steamer with your actual lunch in it. Flicking a glance at the various pots on the stove, you grin at Mami. "Lunch in five?" you ask.

Mami smiles. "Help me with the mochi?"

"Of course," you say, hurrying over and grabbed the discs of dough Mami stamps out to wrap up sweet red bean paste. You make short work of that, producing a neat pile of the little sweet dumplings, and then between Mami and yourself, you dust off the table so that you can lay out your lunch.

Smiling at Mami over the simple, lightly seasoned steamed fish and rice and vegetables, you dig in to your lunch. You only have a few minutes before it's time to be busy with cooking again, after all.

"Say, Sabrina?" Mami asks, between dainty bites. "What was that printout you asked Miss Kure for?"

"Oh," you say. Well. There's a matter of some contention with yourself, isn't it? You've been dickering over whether you should spend some time to do something with that information or not. "Uh, I had Kirika do some research for me, because she has a lot of time spare to spend on the Internet and all, yeah?"

Mami nods, scarfing down some fish.

"There's a magical girl named Kuroki who hasn't been seen in the last few days," you explain. "And, uh-"

Mami smiles at you. "You want to look for her?"

"I'm not going anywhere," you say, reaching across the table to cover her hand. "I might want to spare a bit of time to try some Grief devices to see if I can locate her later, but I'm going *nowhere*. I'm here, Mami, and this -*you*- are important to me." You sigh. "She's been missing for a few days. An hour or two won't make much of a difference."

"Ah," Mami says, shoulders relaxing... you'd say she relaxes imperceptibly, but you *know* her, and you know where to look for that cord of tension and the worried little crease between her eyebrows that eases away. She turns her hand over, palm to palm against yours, and curls her fingers against yours. "S-sorry."

"No," you say firmly. "Never."

Mami smiles at you, a little shaky.

You smile at her, leaving your hand right there as you return to eating your lunch. The silence is... comfortable, and after a moment, Mami follows suit.

And then it's time to return to cooking again. You check on the curry -simmering nicely- while Mami stands next to you, sauteeing some onions. She gives the curry a dubious look as you add the coconut milk. "Isn't that a bit too spicy, Sabrina?"

"Nah," you say, scooping up a spoonful to offer to Mami.

She blows on it to cool it down before daintily sipping it up. Surprise flickers across her face, and she smiles. "That's good!"

You grin at her. "I should hope so," you say. "The coconut milk helps a lot."

Mami smiles back.

"Anyway," you say as you poke at the potato. Needs to soften more, you judge. "I'm... kind of worried about Oriko."

"Oh?" Mami says cautiously, turning away from the stove.

"Yeah," you sigh, eyeing the onions and stirring them. "She's..." You break off with an inarticulate, annoyed sound. "She's depressed, giving up on living, and the confinement is making it worse." To be honest, the way she's acting, you'd guess that the only reason she hasn't Witched out is because of Kirika and the Clear Seed you'd given them.

Speaking of, you do need to check that the next time you go over.

"I... I can see that," Mami agrees, dusting the inside of a tupperware with cornstarch and starting to lay out the mochi inside.

"I'm... well, I can't lift the house arrest, but I kind of want to let them out of the house now and then," you say.

"Homura... Homura seems to dislike them a lot," Mami ventures, still boxing up the mochi.

"Yeah," you say. "I... convincing Sayaka and Homura is probably going to be... horribly hard. And I don't really... doing it behind their backs would be a violation of their trust."

Mami nods. "You'll do the right thing," she says, smiling at you. "I believe in you."

You smile at her. "Thanks, Mami."

"Of course, Sabrina," she says, finishing up the boxing. She returns to the stove, and you yield the onions to her, instead attending to the steamer - freed of your lunch, it's now loaded with little cups of egg. Chawanmushi, some nice, savoury egg custard.

"Few more minutes," you decide, getting a nod of agreement from Mami. "Also, um, Mami."

"Mmm?" she glances over at you.

"About Kuroki..." you start. "I was thinking about enlisting help from nearby meguca, like... Masami, or Kyouko."

"... oh," Mami says, head dipping. She continues stirring the onions in silence.

"If you're OK with that?" you ask anxiously, moving over to encircle your arms around her waist from behind. "I- I'm asking you, Mami. I can pay them for it, too, so it's just... asking them to help, right?"

Mami nods. "I- a-alright," she says, swallowing and leaning into your hug. She takes a shaky breath, visibly forcing herself to relax. "Alright."

"Hey," you say, bumping your head against hers lightly. "You're fine. And I'm here, Mami. Here to stay."

"R-right," she says, steadying a little.

You hold her for a while, until you're forced to abandon the hug and stir the curry. Even so, her mood seems to improve as she shakes it off.

Old, old hurts that never really go away.

Eventually, the cooking winds down, Mami finally cheering up a little, as you playfully feed her one of the freshly made mochi. All the food is nicely packed, filling two baskets to the bursting.

You return to the couch to just sit and rest for a moment, Mami curling up in your arms.

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] And about Enchantment: It's easier to make an Enchantment if it's related to oneself's power, right? Should we try to make an Enchantment that controls Grief, or maybe one that cleanses Soul Gems?
- [x] If it's OK, dedicate the time until the picnic to practicing whichever enchantment Mami recommends.

\=====​

Cutting the vote here to allow for a decision on what to do next. It's now about two hours before the picnic, enough time for one more thing done.
