# On a Rail pt. 18

"Mmmm," you hum, leaning against Mami. You're tall enough that your cheek rests comfortably against the top of her head, soft golden strands curling against your skin.

"Mmm?" Mami asks.

"So there's an idea I've been thinking about, a bit," you say. "I dunno if it's practical, but it's an idea. Would you like to hear it?"

"Of course," Mami says, shifting a little closer.

"Well," you say. "I call it the Best Exotic Mamigold Hotel, in my head. Just... somewhere any meguca can go and have free lodging and food and stuff, you know? A place that can take in homeless meguca and just need a nice place to stay for meguca passing by, you know?"

You sit upright, smiling at Mami. "And of course, since it's named after you, you'd be in charge, while I run around and provide the, ah, resources. Though the idea's, um... a ways off, I suppose. We'd have to take over the Yakuza first."

Mami blinks at you, mouth working for a moment before finally settling into a fond smile. "Oh, Sabrina," she says, relaxing and tucking her head against your shoulder.

"Hey, I mean it," you say, using your arm around her waist to pull her a little closer into the hug. "It's an idea that, well, maybe we could pull off in the longer term. And I really do mean it about putting you in charge, if you want to be. I bet you'd do an amazing job, Mami, and we'd be able to help so many people."

"I know you mean it, Sabrina," she says, patting your hand and softening into the hug. "I think it's a wonderful idea. Do you really think I could be in charge of something like that?"

You pout at her, just a bit. She doesn't seem to have recognised the reference... Oh, wait, the movie comes out at the end of the year, doesn't it? You shake your head. "Of course you can, Mami," you say. "You're a natural leader. I'm not. I can be, but it doesn't come easy, you know?"

"I'd follow you anywhere," Mami says, firm and resolute.

"I-" your breath hitches. "I know. But that's different."

Mami smiles, patting your hand again. "Ah... We should start packing up for the picnic soon? Um, if that's alright?"

"Ah, time already?" you ask rhetorically as you lever yourself upright and offer Mami a hand. She accepts it with a smile, letting you pull her to her feet. The two of you head into the kitchen and start packing - Mami produces a big basket from the storeroom.

"By the way, Sabrina," Mami says. "'Take over the yakuza'?"

You shrug as you carefully stack the boxes of mochi so as to avoid disturbing them. "Weeeeellll it's an idea?"

"The yakuza?" Mami asks. "Ah, move the mochi? The liquids should go at the bottom, they're heavier."

"Right," you say, lifting the boxes to let Mami slide the sealed containers in. "And it's not like I haven't already cough stolen from them cough." You take care to pronounce the coughs.

Mami smiles at you. "So you want to steal the entire organisation now?" she asks, pursing her lips. "But wouldn't that mean you were stealing from yourself?"

"I'd give it back, of course," you say virtuously, helping Mami arrange the layers of plastic boxes. "But that's only *if* I take over the yakuza."

"Of course," Mami agrees with a lilting tone of amusement in her voice.

"By the way," you say. "Homura agreed to keep stuff in status if we needed it, but *do* we need it? It looks like everything will fit nicely, and it should keep fine?"

Mami hesitates. "Using her shield? I don't think we need it, but it would be nice to involve her, since she volunteered," she says, and brightens. "We could bring ice cream?"

You grin at her. "Right! I suppose we shouldn't give her the cream stew to keep, it'd be half gone by the time we get to the picnic."

Mami giggles. "We can give it to her as a show of trust!" she says, unearthing the container of stew from the basket. "Hm... Depending on how her shield works, it would be best to send the liquids with her. Then we wouldn't have to worry about spillage."

"Oh, that's an excellent point," you say. "I'll call her, then?"

At Mami's nod, you reach out mentally. "*Hey, Homura! You ready for the picnic?*"

"*I... am, yes,*" Homura responds a few moments later.

"*Good! So, um, is that offer to help carry things to the picnic still open, Homura?*" you ask.

"*Yes,*" Homura responds. "*I shall come over.*"

"*See-*" your sentence is interrupted by a breeze and the sudden appearance of Homura in the middle of the kitchen. You flinch, reactions getting the better of you even as you process that.

"Good afternoon, Homura," Mami says, as imperturbably unruffled as ever. She gives Homura a polite smile. "Thank you for coming on such short notice."

"Not a problem," Homura murmurs, meandering over to the table to look at all the goodies.

Mami smiles. "Homura, if I may ask - is there, ah, gravity inside your shield?" she asks. "That is to say, if we store something with liquids inside, will it spill?"

"No," Homura says. Her hair waves gently behind her with the shake of her head and *how does she do it she's basically a walking shampoo commercial-* "To both."

"Excellent," Mami says, nudging the freshly removed containers towards Homura. "Would you be amenable to helping us carry these, then? It would make things much easier. And the ice cream?"

Homura nods. "I can do that." She reaches over the table, the containers vanishing into her shield.

You smile at Mami, and head for the fridge. "Salted caramel, royal English tea... Vanilla?" you suggest, calling out flavours from the few pint tubs you'd bought.

The only reason you two had bought so much was because of you pointing out that as magical girls, you didn't have to gain weight if you didn't want to.

"Bring the strawberry as well?" Mami suggests, smiling warmly at you.

Homura cranes her neck, peering at the contents of the refrigerator. "I can bring it all, and return what's left over later?" she points out.

"... Well, that works too," you agree. "Let me pack these into a cooler before you put it in a shield, Homura, since we'll want to being these out before Nagisa arrives."

Amethyst eyes flicker over to you at the mention of Nagisa, but she nods moments later.

You stack the tubs of ice cream in the cooler, and Homura makes that vanish into her shield, too.

Mami fusses with the heavily laden picnic basket, even threading a few ribbons through the weave to make sure that it doesn't break. You personally don't think that that's *likely*, but still. Eventually, it's all tidied up to her satisfaction, and she gathers it up in her arm, beaming at you.

"All good?" you ask, mostly rhetorically. "All good. Let's go!"

You take a moment to close the window before you leave, giving Homura a pointed look. She *could* have just knocked at the door like a normal person.

Of course, she ignores that with magnificient equnamity, leading the way out of the door.

As the three of you descend by the elevator, you grin at Homura. "Hey, do me a favour and help me check in on Madoka?" you suggest. "I'll check in on Nagisa, and Mami, could you help me check on Sayaka and Hitomi? I'm sure Kyousuke will be with them."

Mami stops her cheerful humming to beam at you. "Of course, Sabrina," she says. Her expression develops the slightly distant, distracted look you've learned to associate with telepathy - when it's not being hidden, anyway. You hook your arm around hers, guiding her out of the elevator door as it opens.

Homura nods, following you out.

And since you've volunteered to check on Nagisa, you slip your free hand into your pocket to text Shin.

The three of you make your way to the park at a leisurely walk, a comfortable silence hanging between the three of you. Homura slides *her* phone out of her pocket as you approach the low rise of the hill the park is set on, dialing a number and raising it to her ear.

"Hello, Madoka?" Homura greets a few moments later, her voice utterly even and controlled.

You grin at Mami, who nods slightly. "*Sayaka and Hitomi have picked up Kyousuke, they're on the way.*"

And Shin's just confirmed that Nagisa's on the way, too. Perfect.

You take a moment to survey the park.

... It's very green.

Very, very green.

The swell of the hill is traced out with little paved paths, true, and there're little shelters dotted here and there. But still aggressively *green*. A few excessively modern art sculptures lurk about, smooth lines and graceful curves terminating in sharp triangular points breaking like waves from the ground.

You eye the paths, curving lamp posts made in the same fashion as the art sculptures standing unlit - it *is* mid-afternoon, after all. The lamps come in pairs, bracketing the stone benches lining the paths.

"Over there?" Mami calls, pointing out an unoccupied shelter. It's...

Hm.

It's a shelter made of a curved piece of glass supported by two metal stands, but... what's the point of a shelter made of *glass*? Which is *transparent* and doesn't block the sun at all, though admittedly the sun is actually quite pleasant. Maybe that's the point.

You smile at Mami. "Looks good," you agree. "Do you want me to carry the basket a bit?" You reach for it.

"No, no," Mami says, smiling at you as she twitches the basket out of your grasp. "I've got it."

"Homura?" you ask, turning to the time traveller. She blinks slowly at you, and points down the road.

"Madoka's here," she notes quietly.

And indeed she is, accompanied by...

Hm.

You know, her father might be the *tallest* person you've met? Tall, if relatively slender, carrying a picnic basket that rivals the one you and Mami prepared. It's, ah, quite the contrast with his pink-haired daughter, even if they share a hair colour. All things considered, you have to tilt your head down to meet Madoka's eyes but you'd have to crane your head *back* to talk to him.

"Hello Mami! Hello Homura, Sabrina!" Madoka calls brightly as she runs over to join your little group.

"Hello, Madoka, hello Mr. Kaname!" you call, waving. You know his name is Kaname Tomohisa, but you aren't supposed to, yet. Taking your cue, or maybe making their own guesses, Mami and Homura greet them too.

"Ah, everyone, this is my papa, Kaname Tomohisa," Madoka says, waving at the giant of a man.

"Hello, everyone," Tomohisa says with a pleasant smile. His voice is a light tenor, which you find somehow quite fitting. "Don't worry, I won't be staying, I just wanted to help bring the picnic basket and meet my daughter's friends. I hope you don't mind that we prepared some food, too!"

"Ah, it's no problem, Mr. Kaname," Mami says, giving the basket an inquisitive look. "Thank you for taking the time!"

"Yes, thank you, Mr. Kaname!" you agree, holding out your hands for the basket. He hands it over, eyebrows shooting up when you take it without so much as a grunt of effort.

"It was no problem," Tomohisa agrees. "I'll leave you all to yourselves. Have fun, alright?"

"Bye, papa!" Madoka says, waving happily.

"The others will be here soon," Mami says, beaming around at everyone. "Shall we claim a place?"

"Yep," you say, smiling back. "C'mon, let's go!"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Seriously, Tomohisa's like 185cm tall.
