# On a Rail pt. 19

"This way," Mami says, starting down the path towards one of the shelters.

You eye the stone path. It's sloped, given that this *is* a park on a *hill*, but it's not too bad. Kwyijibo's on a wheelchair, got to keep that in mind, after all.

You don't know what Sayaka sees in him, really, what with his fawning over his violin. He will have once made a terrible boyfriend to Hitomi, neglecting her in favour of, well, his violin. Apparently he much prefers said instrument's wooden curves.

... Eh, you're being unfair to him.

He *is* a teenager, after, one raised in Japan and probably weaned on the not entirely unmerited notion that he's *amazing* at music.

You might be biased, but really, your point stands. Terrible boyfriend.

Mami leads you to a shelter on the swell of the hill, stepping daintily over the little flower border. The park isn't too crowded for a weekend, and you have a fair amount of clear space to yourself.

You flop down on the nice, soft grass, only taking a moment to make sure the picnic basket is set down properly. Really, really well-manicured grass, all but perfectly even and somehow *clean*.

In any case, it's springy and comfortable and you really have to wonder about that public works budget that this city has. Like really.

You pat the ground next to you, looking at Mami, Madoka, and then Homura. Mami settles her basket next to yours, and then sits down next to you, primly sweeping her yellow sundress out before leaning against you with a pleased sigh. Madoka sits down at your other side, beaming at Homura.

Homura, on the other hand, takes a moment to remove the foodstuffs from her shield. One smooth motion, like she'd choreographed it: transform in a burst of light, half crouch and shield sweep in a semi-circle, depositing containers and cooler along the way, and then another burst of light as she transforms out of her costume. And then she sits on the grass.

It doesn't even seem to have caught the attention of any of the other park goers.

Naturally, you applaud, grinning at Homura. Mami giggles, joining in a moment later.

"That was so cool!" Madoka says, her applause louder than yours by far.

Homura snorts, waving it off.

"We should lay out the cloth," Mami notes, making no move to untuck herself from your side.

"Eh," you comment.

"Mmm," Mami hums in agreement.

The grass is *ridiculously* comfortable. You're not even sure there are ants in here.

"I'll get it!" Madoka says, scrambling to her feet and pulling the cloth from your basket. Homura heaves herself to her feet to lend a hand.

Between the two of them, they get both the mats laid out nicely - Tomohisa had packed one too. Naturally.

Your phone buzzes, and you jump, unearthing it from your pocket. A message from Shin - they're here. You turn to Mami, finding her smiling at you. "Nagisa's here?" she asks.

"Yep," you agree, hopping to your feet and patting your skirt down.

"I'll come with you," Mami decides, holding her hand out to you. You grab, and pull her up. "We'll be right back!"

North entrance, Shin's SMS said, so you head over there, Mami walking at your side with a pleased smile on her face. You beam at her, just as happy to see *her* in a good mood. She deserves to be, and you feel like it's something that's been in short supply for her. Not just recently, but over the years.

"Big sis!" A white-haired projectile crashes into your knees. Nagisa applies a ferocious hug to your legs, orange dress flying around her.

You laugh, bending down to pick the girl up. "Hey, Nagisa!" you say. "Good afternoon, Mr. Momoe."

"Good afternoon, Sabrina!" the businessman says, favouring you with a smile. He looks slight askance at the way you balance Nagisa easily on your hip, but doesn't bring it up.

"Ah, I don't think I've actually introduced you... Um, Mami, this is Mr. Momoe, Nagisa's uncle," you say, smiling at Mami. "Mr. Momoe, this is my friend, Tomoe Mami."

Mami bows demurely. "It's very nice to meet you," she says.

"Pleased to meet you too," Shin responds, bowing back. Not as deeply. "Thank you for inviting my niece to your picnic today."

"Ah, it was Sabrina's idea," Mami demurs.

"Nevertheless," Shin says, shifting his attention to you. "Thank you too, Sabrina. You know Mrs. Kaname's daughter, right? Please give her my best wishes."

"Oh, she's actually here," you say. "Do you want to say hi?"

Shin shakes his head. "Intrude on the domain of teenaged girls?" he says with a faint smile. "I wouldn't dare."

Nagisa makes a protesting noise. "I'm here too!"

Shin laughs, and ruffles her hair. "And I believe you mentioned one boy, Sabrina, who will undoubtedly be teased relentlessly," he adds with a twinkle in his eye. "I think I still remember what being young was like."

"You're not that old," you feel compelled to add.

The man snorts. "Take care of Nagisa! I'll be back in about an hour and a half, six o'clock."

"Bye, uncle Shin!" Nagisa says, waving enthusiastically.

Exchanging goodbyes, the man turns and walks off in the general direction of the car park. You beam at Mami, and the three of you start heading back. Mami tucks herself against your side, humming cheerfully.

"How've you been, Nagisa?" you ask. The younger girl stares around the park with eyes wide with wonder.

"Oh!" Nagisa says. "I've been good! Uncle Shin is really nice and I'm going to live with him for good now!"

You laugh, hefting her weight firmly. "Good."

By the time you get back, Sayaka, Hitomi, and a violin have arrived.

... OK, you're just being mean, now.

Kyuskikko -uh, Kyousuke- just got here, too - Sayaka managed to maneuver his wheelchair over the grass without much incident, it seems. They're all spread out on the grass, except for Kyousuke who seems content to stay on his wheelchair for now, violin on his lap.

Homura's moved to the far side of the shelter from him, warily keeping one of the support pillars of the shelter blocking direct line of sight.

Like, *are* you being mean when you can't help but notice that Kyuskiko doesn't even want to let go of the violin for a while? He's talking to Hitomi, yes, but he's still got a hand on it. It's probably a very *good* violin with some kind of pedigree to it, but still. It's a picnic. Put it in a case.

"Hey, Sabrina! Hey, Mami!" Sayaka yells, catching sight of you.

"Hey yourself!" you call back, ambling over the flower border to the shelter proper. You set Nagisa down, and she immediately throws herself at the grass with a squeal of joy. Madoka giggles, standing and moving over to fuss over the younger girl.

You give Mami a warm smile as you approach the group proper. "Hey, Hitomi, Kyousuke," you greet. "How're you doing today?"

"Doing quite well, thank you," Hitomi says, smiling. "It's a nice day to be out and not having extra lessons."

Sayaka makes a face. "Extra 'lessons'."

Hitomi shrugs. "It's a family thing," she says.

"How about you, Kyousuke?" you ask.

The grey haired boy laughs. "This is the first time I've seen *plants* other than what's on my plate or around the hospital in *months*, my fingers *work*, and the sun is shining," he says, evidently in an excellent mood. "Today is a good day. Thank you for inviting me to the picnic, Miss Sabrina."

"Wasn't my idea," you say, slanting a grin at Sayaka who colours and glances away.

Kyousuke shrugs. "Thank you anyway, it's your picnic," he says.

"And Mami's," you correct, earning you a smile from Mami. "Nobody minds if we eat later, right? I mean it's only about four forty-five right now."

Mami smiles and adds, "There are cupcakes and cookies in our basket. And drinks!"

Nagisa ducks behind you, squealing as she hides from Madoka, who makes a fake scary face. "Rawr! I'm going to bite your head off!"

... she doesn't do a very good job. She's about as scary as a wet noodle at the best of times.

You ruffle Nagisa's hair. "Having fun?"

"Yes!" Nagisa says, giggling as she ducks away from Madoka. They chase each other around you for a moment, until Sayaka pounces, grabbing Nagisa.

Sayaka swings Nagisa into the air with a grunt of effort. "Oof, what have you been eating?"

"Cheese!" Nagisa says, bright and utterly unrepentant.

"*Oh yes, girls,*" you say, pulling everyone save Nagisa and Kyousuke into the mental communication. "*We're going to tease the heck out of Kyuskiko, right?*"

"*Kyousuke,*" Sayaka corrects automatically. "*OK, seriously, last time it was Kwijibooooooh that's not a bad idea.*"

"*... Kwijibo?*" Hitomi asks.

"*Yeah, Sabrina here keeps messing his name up,*" Sayaka explains.

Hitomi glances at you, then Sayaka, making the connection. "*I'm in,*" she says.

Mami's giggles echo through the conversation, clear and silvery. She manages to keep her face mostly straight, apart from the way her eyes crinkle.

"*I'm in!*" Madoka agrees, eyes lighting up with mischief. "*Homura?*"

Homura shrugs, rolling over on the grass.

A warm weight hits your back - Nagisa, who promptly does her level best to climb you like a jungle gym. You hoist her up to your shoulders. "Big siiiiis," she says, wiggling happily.

"Tired already?" you ask.

"Nope!" she says happily.

Mami giggles, propping herself up on one elbow far enough to ruffle the Nagisa's hair. "You know," she says, giving the younger girl a speculative look. "We could probably style your hair like mine..."

"No!" Nagisa's protests. "Don't wanna! I like my hair!" With the two...quarter ponytail tufts on the top of her head and wavy white hair all the way down her back, apparently. "Who's the boy?"

"He's Kwyuisko," Sayaka answers, eyes dancing.

"Oh," Nagisa says. "OK!"

You set Nagisa down for now. "Anyway, since Mami mentioned them, cookies, anyone?" You walk over to the basket and pull out the containers. "Oh, mochi, too. Want some, Kyouswike?"

"I'll have some mochi," he responds, blinking slowly as you offer him the box with a grin. He picks out a few, daintily grabbing a tissue and laying them out on his lap.

"Cookiiiies!" Nagisa squeals, bouncing behind you as you hand out sweets to everyone.

Hitomi sits up as you offer her the boxes to choose from. "Kwuysuke, why don't you play us something?"

The slight, confused frown on his face evaporates in an instant as he raises his violin. "Any requests?" he asks, mochi forgotten.

You cock your head. "Devil went down to Georgia?" you ask, catching a sharp look from Hitomi.

His brow wrinkles, lowering his violin. "Isn't that a country song?"

"Hey, fiddle, violin," you say, grinning and shrugging.

He produces his phone from his pocket, fingers flickering over the screen.

Sayaka sidles over to you. "What song is that?"

You snicker, lowering your voice. "He's right, it's a folk song," you say. "Fairly difficult to play one, at that."

"Bet he can play it," Sayaka says.

"Oh, I'm sure he can," you agree. "Just his pride\~"

Kyousuke nods sharply, setting his phone down - you can see sheet music on the screen. And then he starts to play.

He skips the lyrics, and goes straight for the two fiddle -you mean violin- solos.

... Yeah, he's pretty good, you'll concede. He manages to play the fast, violently frenetic song without missing a beat, on what's presumably his first time.

Sayaka claps loudly the moment he finishes, joined by Hitomi and Nagisa. Madoka, too.

... Oh, fine. You applaud, Mami smiling at you and clapping politely too.

"That was amazing, K- Kyusuke!" Sayaka says, barely managing to swallow a giggle and turning it into a strangled snort.

Kwijibo doesn't lower the violin, frowning in absent concentration. "No, I think my fingering could be better," he says. "Fiddle music is slightly different from violin music."

And then he sets bow to string again, starting from the top.

You raise your eyebrows, exchanging a nonplussed look with Mami, and then Madoka. The pinkette shrugs, motioning at Sayaka and Hitomi, who both look utterly enthralled at the playing.

Homura remains sitting beside Madoka, with her back towards Kyousuke.

Mami giggles quietly, and you plop down on the grass beside her. Nagisa drapes herself over your shoulders a moment later. "Big siiiis," she complains. "Do you have any cheeeeese?"

You snicker. "Doesn't your Uncle Shin feed you enough?"

"Noooo," Nagisa says. "He hardly lets me have any."

"How about some cheesecake?" Mami asks, already bustling off to raid the basket.

Nagisa squeaks and abandons you instantly to follow Mami like a lost duckling.

"Papa made some cheese crepes, too!" Madoka volunteers. "Ah, actually, he said we should eat those before they get too cold."

And that prompts another round of food handed out to everyone but Kyukiko, who's lost in his music again.

Like yeah, you can understand that he hasn't been able to touch, for months, what's probably been built up as his life's work. And you can understand the kind of obsessive focus on his particular hobby.

But *still.*

The picnic rolls by. You play with Nagisa, roping Mami and Madoka into it, Sayaka and Hitomi joining in now and then when Kyousuke stops for a break or to consult the Internet for information or new sheet music to play.

He *is* appreciative of your cooking, at least. Even if he doesn't actually seem to notice the name fudging.

At some point, Madoka produces a pocketful of ribbons and starts braiding Nagisa's hair, again.

Even Homura seems to appreciate the relaxation - she actually falls asleep at some point, and you motion for everyone to let her sleep for a while. Of course, she wakes up barely ten minutes later with a start, eyes flaring wide until she catches sight of you and Madoka. She gives you a tiny nod, and the barely perceptible panic bleeds away.

Mami enjoys herself playing host, serving everyone a constant stream of goodies from the two baskets with a smile on her face. Tomohisa, as expected, turns out to be a fine cook.

It's funny, really, Mami is a *ridiculously* powerful magical girl, but perfectly happy to just... immerse herself in domesticity. It's a comfortable kind of grounding, you suppose. Heh. Suggesting that she run a hotel might have some... unfortunate implications that she thankfully hasn't picked up on, but you can't deny that she would probably enjoy every moment of it.

And finally, it's dinnertime. Well, you've all been sort of eating at a slow pace since you *got* here, but still, dinnertime.

Nagisa flops onto the grass beside you as you and Mami start laying out the dinner spread. You pop open the containers, filling the air with the savoury fragrance of still-warm food.

"Is this curry?" Sayaka asks, giving one of the containers a dubious look.

"Yup," you confirm, handing her a plate and plastic utensils. "Indian curry."

Madoka's eyes light up, and she helps herself to a spoonful. "It's good!" she says, filling a paper bowl with it. "Not very spicy, though."

"Yeah, I brought a bottle of chilli powder, since I wasn't sure how much would be-" You cut yourself off, staring as Madoka promptly dumps *a full quarter of the bottle* in.

"Mm!" she says happily as she scarfs down another mouthful. "You should swap recipes with my papa! Oh, Homura, would you like to try some?"

Homura eyes the bowl, and then Madoka, who's offering it to her with a bright smile. *Not* offering to feed Homura, unfortunately for your inner shipper. Homura dips a spoon in, scooping up just a little, and hesitantly pops it into her mouth.

You grin at Mami as Homura makes a strangled sound, but Mami's already offering a freshly scooped bowl of ice cream which the time traveller grabs.

And finally, the laughter bursts to the surface, and you practically howl with laughter as Homura shoots you a look that could flay the flesh from your bones and Madoka looks mortified.

"H-hey-" you manage to gasp out. "Sayaka- you should try some too-"

"Nooooo I'm good," the bleunette says, swaying away from Madoka.

To your surprise, Hitomi reaches past you, claiming a spoonful of the Madoka's, ah, exceedingly spicy curry for herself. She eats it without batting an eyelash.

"It's not that different from wasabi," she notes by way of explanation. "Hmm... I *do* like this style of curry. Did you cook it, Mami? Or Sabrina?"

"Ah, this was Sabrina's dish," Mami says, smiling warmly at you.

Hitomi smiles. "Remind me to get the recipe from you sometime," she says. "I feel like my parents would enjoy it."

You grin. "Sure," you say. Mami hums, leaning against your side as she ladles some curry over rice for herself. From the container.

"Oh," Mami says, perking up. "Homura, there's cream stew, too!"

Homura nods, searching for the aforementioned dish - but Madoka gets there first, ripping the lid off with an excited noise as she ladles out a generous helping for herself. "Oh- Homura, here!" She fills a bowl for Homura, too. "You like this, too?"

The time traveller nods quietly, accepting the bowl.

"Oh!" Madoka says, turning a bright smile on her. "It's my favourite food!"

"I see," Homura says, tone careful and neutral.

Madoka settles down next to Homura to enjoy the stew.

You grin at Mami, who smiles back and tucks her head against your shoulder. "I like the curry. It's a bit spicy, though," she offers, before turning her attention to Kyousuke. "Hey, Kwyuski," she says. "Have you tried the curry?"

The boy, having deigned to finally set his violin aside for a while, nods. "I have," he says. "It's quite good."

"Thank you!" you say, catching Sayaka's eye. "*Sayaka, Hitomi, has he... not noticed or does he just not care?*"

"*I'm... not sure he's noticed,*" Sayaka admits. "*He's extremely passionate about his music.*"

"*He hasn't noticed,*" Hitomi says with a decisive nod as she surveys the spread of food, finally deciding to sample the gyoza.

Beside you, Nagisa's happily gobbling down everything within reach, making happy little noises.

Dinner continues apace, laughter and an air of relaxed contentment surrounding all of you as the sun dips towards the horizon. Nagisa finally gives in, flopping over with a contented moan and patting her stomach.

You probably overfed her, but not *too* badly.

Mami leans against your shoulder as you wind down the eating. "I think we need to pass out leftovers," she admits ruefully, eyeing the amount of food left over.

"Yep," you agree. You could probably continue, but even as a puella magi, there's such a thing as *restraint*.

To be fair, just about everyone's lying around in various states of fullness. Madoka and Homura, in particular, between the two of them, you think they'd devoured about ninety percent of the... fairly sizeable container of cream stew.

Even Kyousuke's dozing in his wheelchair from the food coma.

"Ice cream, anyone?" you ask.

Sayaka waves a weak, floppy arm at you, making an inarticulate noise.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Did you know that *Madoka's* favourite food is [canonically](https://wiki.puella-magi.net/100_Questions) cream stew?
