# On a Rail pt. 20

"Mmmnrg," you grumble. "You can't end a picnic without ice cream."

You could get up.

You *could*.

But the grass is comfy. Mami's a nice, warm presence at your side, curled up and hugging your arm.

You can get up anytime. Really you can.

...

This would be the perfect time for something horrible to happen, like a Witch attack or Feathers or something. You're not sure you'd be able to motivate yourself to do anything about it, except maybe offer whatever-it-is its choice of food.

"I'm too fat to get the ice cream," you announce to the world at large after a few minutes of careful contemplation.

"Mnnnm," Mami agrees, curling up and tightening her hug.

Nagisa's a happily full little ball with her head pillowed on your stomach. You'll probably have to roll her over to Shin later. Hopefully he won't be too upset. Homura and Madoka aren't too far behind, by your judgement - Madoka's just lying down and staring up at the sky with a blissful smile on her face. Homura's leaning against the shelter's support.

Sayaka, somehow, still has the energy to haul herself into a sitting position and gaze adoringly at Kwyuiiji, who's dozing on the grass - he'd finally deigned to be helped out of the wheelchair. Sayaka seems to notice you looking, turning and waving at you.

You grin back.

"I'll get it." You turn to see Hitomi regarding you with an amused look, rising with impeccable poise despite her cast.

Right, because someone actually paced themselves and, ah, ate within their means. You wave lazily at her, grinning amiably. You wish you could make chibi-Brina, but Nagisa's here, and you're not going to let her in on the magic thing, hopefully, until you can make sure Kyuubey stops sniffing around.

Hrrrrh.

A few minutes later, Hitomi plops a little plastic cup of ice cream on your chest, and another one in front of Mami's nose as she goes around serving everyone. She gave you vanilla, which is probably typecasting of some kind you'd complain about but it's ice cream. Also, Mami got the royal milk tea ice cream, which she digs into with gusto and manners no less impeccable for her state of advanced fullness.

"Thanks, 'tomi," you mumble around a mouthful of ice cream. "We should distribute the leftovers. Homura, you can have more of it, you live alone." You give her a sharp look to make sure she understand you.

She needs to eat more, and she deserves to eat healthier than just instant cup noodles.

Madoka waves a hand in the air. "May I have some of the curry? I'm sure papa would love to try it," she says.

"Sure," you agree. "Dunno how we're going to divvy up everything, though."

"Papa packed containers! And plastic bags!" Madoka volunteers.

"Oh, nice," you say. "That solves that, then." Heh. Considering that he must've known he was basically doubling the amount of food at the picnic, he probably anticipated this.

Your phone buzzes, and you groan, working your arm around Nagisa to retrieve the offending device from your pocket.

Ah, six o'clock on the dot and a message from Shin.

Mami tilts her head back, cracking one eye open to peek at you as you tap out a quick confirmation. "Oh," she says. " Time to go?"

"For Nagisa, yes," you agree, reaching up to tweak one of Nagisa's little hair tufts. "Nagisa, wakey wakey\~"

"Dun wanna," she says, rolling over and burying her face in your stomach.

Mami giggles as you heave yourself up to a seated position and scoop Nagisa up into your arms. She pulls herself up too, helping herself to your shoulder to lurch to her feet.

You shoot her a quick smile. "Hey girls, I'm gonna go send Nagisa off, ok? Back in a few minutes."

Madoka pops to her feet. "Ah! We can split the leftovers up, are there any dishes you want, Sabrina? Mami? Oh... Nagisa?"

"Caaake," Nagisa says, perking up in your arms. Her odd red and yellow eyes fly open as she gives Madoka and then you a hopeful look.

You shake your head, grinning. "Pack her some pastries and what's left of the cake?" you suggest.

Madoka flashes you a thumbs up and hurries over to the picnic basket to do just that. She hands Mami a plastic bag with a few containers inside a few busy moments later, waving as you shift Nagisa to ride on your hip and head out.

Mami tucks herself against your other side as you stroll towards the park exit. It's a nice evening, cool and pleasant. Probably going to be a cold night, but for now, the sun's just about dipping towards the horizon to paint the sky in fiery oranges and pinks.

It's nearly time to tell Sayaka.

You can't put it off any more, can you?

You find Shin waiting for you by the gate, car engine idling. "Nagisa! Sabrina, Miss Tomoe."

You grin back at him, handing off the half-dozing ball of contented fullness. "We may have overfed her slightly," you say. Nagisa mumbles unintelligibly as her uncle takes her, snuggling into the man's arms.

"So I see," Shin says, sounding amused as he gives Nagisa a once over. "Did you have fun, Nagisa?"

"Mmmhm!" the girl responds, nodding sleepily.

Shin chuckles. "Well, thank you for looking after my niece for today," he says.

"Our pleasure," you assure him.

"It was!" Mami agrees. "Ah, Mr. Momoe-" She offers up the bag of food. "There's some pastries in here."

Shin blinks at her, then the bag. "Oh, I couldn't," he protests.

Mami shakes her head, smiling. "There was a bit of miscommunication, and Madoka brought food too," she says, offering the bag again. "So there is more than enough to go around."

"Hah, sounds like Junko's doing," Shin snorts. "'Miscommunication'." He takes the bag, this time, hefting it lightly. "Thank you very much."

Mami smiles politely, taking a step back to join you again.

"Well, once again, thank you," he says, with a shallow bow to you and Mami. "Say goodbye, Nagisa."

"Dun wanna," Nagisa mumbles, cracking her eyes open to look at you. "Bye, big sis, bye, Miss Tomoe."

You ruffle her hair. "Later, Nagisa!"

"Goodbye," Mami says with a warm smile.

Shin smiles fondly at Nagisa, and gives you and Mami a respectful nod before settling her in the back seat of his car and driving off.

You sigh as you watch them go, before shaking your head and offering your arm to Mami. She takes it with familiar ease, smiling up at you.

She doesn't say anything. And really, she doesn't *need* to.

You smile back. "C'mon," you murmur. "Let's go back to our friends."

She nods, and the two of you start back up the hill in an easy, comfortable silence.

You debate with yourself about bringing Hitomi in. She deserves to know, too. She had her wrist broken, after all. Do you want to just tell the both of them together like that, though?

"What's wrong, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

You grimace. "I... well, I want to tell Sayaka about... you know, Oriko. Hitomi, too," you say. "I just... I'm not completely sure of myself, I guess. I'm worried I'll mess it up, and I don't even know if I should tell them together or separately."

Mami smiles up at you, seemingly unworried. "I believe in you, Sabrina," she says. "You'll figure it out. But... I think you should tell them together."

You nod, relaxing a little. "I thought so too," you say. "I mean, if nothing else, Hitomi'll hopefully be a calming influence, right?"

Mami nods, giving you a reassuring smile. "You'll figure it out," she says, unwavering confidence in her voice.

... well. What can you do in the face of that? You smile back at her, hugging her close as you walk.

By the time you get back up the hill, you find that everyone's up and about, mostly, finishing the divvying up of food. Even Kyousjiko has a few containers balanced on his lap, violin carefully held out of the way.

Sayaka grins at you, presenting the basket back. "That's yours," she says. "Thanks for inviting me -well, us- today."

"Ah, yes, thank you!" Madoka says, looking up. She shoves two bulging plastic bags into Homura's arms, before picking one up for herself. "Today was fun!"

You wave off the thanks as Hitomi tries to join in. "I had fun too, and it wouldn't be a picnic without my friends," you say.

Mami nods, looking serious. "I- I'm glad you all came today," she says. "Thank *you* for coming."

Sayaka laughs it off, hanging her bag of food off one of the handles of Kyosahke's wheelchair. "And miss out on your cooking? No way!"

Hitomi smiles. "Indeed, I think we all had fun today," she says. "Right, Kyounske?"

The grey haired boy blinks. "Ah, yes," he says. "It was good to get out of the hospital. Sabrina, thank you for the suggestion of music, it was an excellent learning opportunity."

... Madokami above, but he's serious.

"You're very welcome," you say, exchanging a quizzical look with Mami. She shrugs back at you. "Anyway, uh, Sayaka, Hitomi, I assume you'll be headed over to the hospital to drop Kwyijibo off?"

"We will," Hitomi confirms with a nod, adjusting her cast and moving over to join Sayaka. The bleunette tugs the plastic bag from Hitomi's free hand and hangs it over the *other* handle of the wheelchair, earning her an exasperated look from Hitomi.

"Right... could you two... uh, could you two drop by our place afterwards?" you suggest.

Hitomi checks the time on her phone. "Ah... my parents aren't expecting me back yet, so I'll be fine. What's happening, Sabrina?"

Sayaka shoots you a thumbs up. "Something cool?"

"Eh... well, it's something you need to know," you say, shrugging.

"Hokay, we'll be there," Sayaka says, grinning.

Madoka smiles happily at everyone. Probably just pleased that we're all getting along. Homura's gaze rests on you, thoughtful and sharp - she's likely guessed already.

"Ah... I guess I'll start heading home," Madoka says, hefting her mostly empty basket.

"Yup, we'll make a move too," Sayaka says. "Later, Sabrina!"

Homura glances at Madoka. "I'm going your way," she murmurs.

"Ah! You should walk with me, then!" Madoka says, giving her a bright smile.

You catch the speculative look *Hitomi* gives Homura. Then again, it's not like Homura's being particularly subtle.

Heh. Inner shipper...s aside, you don't think Homura is in *any* kind of mindset to see Madoka as anything but 'someone to be protected'. Trauma does that to a person, after all.

"Oh, a quick word, Homura?" you call as Sayaka and Hitomi head off.

Homura raises her eyebrows at you as you gesture her over, out of earshot of Madoka. She trots over, leaving a curious-looking Madoka behind.

"I'm going to tell Sayaka and Hitomi about Oriko," you murmur, making sure your voice is low enough that Madoka can't hear you.

Homura's expression tightens.

You reach out to her, hesitating a moment before laying your hand on her shoulder. "I *know*, Homura," you say. "I know."

"I'll keep a watch on Mikuni tonight," Homura snaps, spinning away from you in a swirl of hair. She joins Madoka, face smoothing back out into her usual mask.

You wince.

"That could have gone better," you mutter to yourself. Madoka sends you a slightly worried, sympathetic look before turning her attention to Homura.

Mami bumps her hip against you, and you slide your arm around her in an almost instinctive hug. "I don't know why Homura dislikes Miss Mikuni so much, but..." she shakes her head. "You probably just brought it up at a bad time."

You sigh, shifting the basket to your free hand and squeezing her a little. "Yeah. Well... Shall we head home?"

"I'd like that," Mami agrees, smiling up at you.

"I figure we probably have time before Hitomi and Sayaka get over," you say. "Is there anything you need to do? Homework, or something? I doubt we have the time to go on patrol before they get here."

Mami considers this. "I could do some homework, but apart from that, not much."

"Mmm," you say. "Well, we can do that, then."

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

    - [x] After that's done, telepathy O\&K that we're about to talk to Sayaka. We'll tell them how it ends. Wish us luck.

- [x] Find a private setting to talk to Sayaka and Hitomi.
- [x] Follow the vote below if there wasn't any major modifications to our plans, otherwise, do what Mami and Homura suggested.
- [x] There's two magical girls Sayaka should meet. Mikuni Oriko is, *was* a precognitive; she was the one who warned us about Sayaka getting Witch Kissed; and Oriko's girlfriend, Kure Kirika.
- [x] Remember when we said some Magical Girls are misguided? They're like that.
- [x] Oriko's a fatalistic girl who was firm on the 'ends justify the means' mindset, and used her visions to try and achieve good things... and that sometimes meant hurting people.
- [x] We fought them, beat them, put them under house arrest, and have been working on convincing them they can do better, that they can do good and help people without going to the extreme lengths they did. We've made some progress, but, well, there's a reason why we haven't let them out.
- [x] The truth is, Oriko sent Kirika to push Hitomi down the stairs, and was the one who burned down Sayaka's home.

\=====​

So it's been a busy few days for me, and this post was getting long enough, anyway. Thus, you get a short break and a chance to revise the vote if you want.
