# On a Rail pt. 21

You smile at Mami, releasing her from the hug and offering your arm instead. She takes it happily, laying her hand at your elbow and hugging your arm close as you start walking home.

The two of you arrive home in short order, a comfortable silence hanging between the two of you. Mami unlocks the door, giving you a soft smile as she tucks her shoes into the little rack and steps in.

Comfortable.

It's a good word to describe the two of you.

You help Mami unpack the basket, moving with easy, *comfortable* familiarity.

For all that you've had a... rocky start, the way you had to crush her world view\... You've given your best shot. You don't want to hurt her. You never did.

Leftovers tucked away in the kitchen, the two of you move over to the living room, Mami retrieving her homework and pencil case from her school bag. You stretch out beside her, leaning against her so that you can peek over her shoulder as she works, offering quiet encouragement and advice.

Heh.

Integration still, in all its myriad forms. This time, integration by substitution.

It's comfortable. Mami's warm presence leaning back against you, just a bit of pressure to remind you she's there. She... She's still terrified of you leaving. Still more than a bit of a limpet, but... She's getting better. Slowly, but she's getting better.

What was it Kirika said?

Love her.

Well, you do.

It might not be romantic. You don't know. But hell, you do.

Heh.

It's a comfortable thought.

Though speaking of comfortable, Mami's been stuck on a question for a bit.

"Substitute v equals to sin x," you offer.

"Ohhh," Mami says. "I see!" She writes out the substitution, and then starts solving rapidly. Come to think of it, why did substitution come after integration by parts, anyway? The logic of integrating by parts makes more sense when viewed through the lens of substitution.

Eh.

Mitakihara Middle School. They presumably know what they're doing.

Mami finishes the question and gives you a warm smile. "Thank you, Sabrina," she says.

"Anytime, Mami," you say, sliding your arm around her waist in the familiar, comfortable hug. "Next question?"

The time flies by. You know why you're so introspective and touchy-feely, of course. You know what's coming.

There aren't many good outcomes out of telling Sayaka about Oriko.

A ring of the doorbell.

Mami sets her pencil down, raising her hand to cover yours and squeeze lightly. She meets your eyes, golden eyes steady and unwavering.

Showtime.

Except it's not really a show - but still. It's the thing to say.

You stand, rolling your neck and exhaling. Time to talk to Sayaka - you can sense her on the other side of the door already, and-

The doorbell rings again.

"I'm coming, I'm coming!" you complain, hurrying over to unlock the door.

Sayaka and Hitomi are standing outside, the bleunette still carrying bags of food. "Hey, Sabrina!" Sayaka says, grinning unrepentantly at you.

Well, if nothing else, she broke the tension. "Hey," you greet. "C'mon in."

By the time you usher Hitomi and Sayaka into the living room, Mami's packed away her homework for now.

"Let me get you some tea," she says, rising to her feet with a smile.

"Oh, I couldn't," Hitomi says, patting her stomach with a smile. "Not after the picnic."

"Just some tea?" Mami says.

Sayaka snickers, setting her bags down and plopping into a cross-legged position beside the little triangular table. "As long as it's *just* tea," she says. "I'll burst if I eat anything more."

Mami smiles, pleased, and bustles off to the kitchen.

"So what's this about, Sabrina?" Sayaka asks, glancing across the table at you.

"Indeed, I'm quite curious myself," Hitomi says, settling beside Sayaka with considerably more poise.

"Uh... it's a bit heavy," you say. "Shall we wait for the tea? Oh, and right - let me cleanse your Soul Gem for you? Since I didn't do that at the picnic." You can sense that there isn't really much in it, but you might as well be sure.

"Eh? Sure, though I haven't really used much," Sayaka says, holding her palm out. Her Soul gem shimmers into its cerulean blue crystal form moments later.

As Hitomi watches with sharp interest, you wipe away the tiny veneer of Grief. For good measure, you cleanse your own, too, banishing the Grief out of the window and up to the rooftops.

"Thanks!" Sayaka says, grinning at you.

Conversation lapses - you can see Sayaka's impatient to know, and so is Hitomi, but you'd already said you wanted to wait, so...

Mami returns a few minutes later to a slightly awkward silence. She pours out the tea, unruffled smile in place as she sits beside you.

A fortifying sip of tea, pleasantly strong and fragrant.

"Alright," you say, getting Sayaka and Hitomi's attention. "Sayaka... well... you remember when I said that a lot of magical girls are... misguided?"

Sayaka nods. "Yeah?"

"Well, there's one in particular that you should both know about," you say, watching Sayaka and Hitomi's faces. "Her name is Mikuni Oriko. Her power is precognition, and when she foresaw\... bad things happening in the future, she tried to prevent them."

"That sounds awesome," Sayaka declares. "We recruiting her?"

... Good first impression accomplished. But Madokami dammit, that just makes the fall worse. Also, read the bloody mood, Sayaka.

Hitomi, on the other hand, frowns. "I get the impression that's not all of it," she says, slow and thoughtful as she scratches at the point where her arm disappears under her cast. "Or else *I* wouldn't be here. Or perhaps you need my family's status to recruit her?" She tilts her head. "She *is* in Mitakihara, is she not?"

"No, not that, but you're right that that's not all, and yes, she's in Mitakihara," you say. "It's..." You sigh, rubbing your forehead. "She wound up hurting people. She was convinced that she was the only one who knew what's best for everyone, and the only way she could think of to save someone's life also meant hurting them."

Sayaka's smile dims. "That's less awesome," she says.

"Yeah..." You rub your forehead wearily with your knuckles. Mami cuddles against your side, warm and steady. "One day, she went too far. She decided that the best way to prevent a vision of someone dying was to do something that hurt a lot of people."

Your expression sets flat. "I was *furious*. So the three of us -Mami, Homura, and myself- we hunted her down. Oriko and her girlfriend, Kirika. Kicked their asses and made her-"

"Wait, Kirika?" Sayaka interrupts, a sharp frown on her face. "Wasn't she-"

Hitomi's already nodding in response to Sayaka's question. Her dirty green eyes are sharp with suspicion, raking your face.

"... am I missing something?" you ask, frowning.

"She's been missing from school for a few days," Hitomi answers. "They made an announcement about it recently."

"... ah. Well," you say. "Yeah. Thaaaat would be my fault, kind of. I... look, her reasons don't excuse what she did. Misguided, and all - but she was trying to help in her own screwed up, suicidal way." Your jaw tightens. "I've put them under house arrest."

Hitomi's eyes meet yours, a telepathic connection snapping together. "*She's the one who set Sayaka's house on fire, isn't she?*"

"*Yes,*" you confirm.

"They've been helping us, to atone for what they did," you say. "Kirika was invaluable in Ishinomaki and Sendai - we brought her along to help stop the fighting. Oriko's precognition..." You meet Sayaka's eyes. "Sayaka, that night a Witch tried to take you... we wouldn't have known if she hadn't warned us. She saved your life that night."

Your jaw tightens, and you hurry on. "But. But she- she's the one who had Hitomi's arm broken."

Hitomi sucks in a sharp breath, and-

"What?!" Sayaka slams her hands into the table. Tempered glass shatters, cascading over all your laps as the cups and teapot falls-

Yellow ribbons materialize, snatching up the chinaware.

"Miki Sayaka!" Mami thunders.

Sayaka flinches backwards. "S-sorry-"

And Hitomi finally reacts, squawking and scrambling back. Thankfully, the table was tempered glass - no sharp edges.

"But- she- *what-*" Sayaka launches herself to her feet, fists balled. "What the *heck*, Sabrina?"

Mami rises to her feet, brushing off the broken glass. "Are you alright, Hitomi?"

"I am," Hitomi says, a sharp frowning cutting across her face. "She's the one who had my arm broken?"

"Yes," you confirm, jaw tight. "Sayaka, are you OK?"

"I-" Sayaka scowls, furious. "How can you take it so *calmly*? She-"

"Sit *down*, Sayaka," Hitomi snaps, voice cracking like a whip. "Hear Sabrina out."

Sayaka stares at Hitomi. The verdette's backed away from the broken glass, arm rising across her chest like she's trying to fold her arms but forgot that one's in a cast. She settles for glaring back at Sayaka, and then *you*.

You're the last one still sitting. "No, that's alright," you say, standing. Broken glass cascades off your legs and skirt, falling to the floor with little tinkling noises. Something to clean up later.

You meet Sayaka's eyes. "She's also the one who burned your house down," you say. "That's wh-"

"*What?!*" Sayaka snarls. She storms forward, heedless of the glass, and grabs you by the front of your shirt. "She- she's the one- she *nearly killed my parents* and- you- you didn't *tell* me-"

She's all but *shaking* in anger.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

You know what's bizarre? You go on leave and then suddenly a dozen things pop up demanding your attention. \*grump\*

... Also, sleeping in eats most of my mornings. >\_>
