# On a Rail pt. 22

Fear jolts through you.

Not fear for yourself, but for Sayaka - for your *friends*, for your future, as it all comes crashing into your mind in chains of crystal clear thought.

"*She won't hurt me,*" you breathe into Mami's mind. You can already sense her moving, hand rising towards you.

Mami's sharp exhale is response enough.

Your mind races. *Is* Sayaka going to hit you? You're not absolutely sure.

No.

She might hit you, but she isn't going to hurt you.

Better she hit you and feel better than anything else.

You don't struggle, meeting Sayaka's gaze instead. Anger burns in those blue eyes.

You debate saying something *pointed*, something to jolt her from her anger. But you're not afraid of her hurting you, you're afraid of her... *hurting* you. Hurting herself, hurting your group of friends. You wouldn't even *mind* Sayaka taking it out on you, but Mami would object.

"I'm telling you *now*," you say, exhaling and drawing calm from some deep well. You bite back your worry and fear and keep your voice even. "I should have told you sooner, yes, and... I'm sorry for not doing so."

"I don't-" This close, you can see the way the muscles in Sayaka's jaw work. "I don't want *excuses-*"

"I'm not *giving* you excuses," you snap in return. "I- sorry, I- no. Things kept coming up, but I won't make excuses."

Sayaka's knuckles whiten on your shirt. "Sabrina- She- she burned down my *house*, she broke Hitomi's wrist and *what else-*"

"As far as I know, that's as much as she did before we caught her," you say. "I'm calm *now*, Sayaka. Homura's power is to stop time."

You feel safe saying that, considering that Kyuubey already knows - it was the one who told Kyouko, after all. And it's not like you haven't been rather cavalier about dropping that fact, haven't you?

"What does that have to do with *anything*?" Sayaka snarls.

You can feel Mami shuffling uneasily, hovering protectively at your shoulder.

"*I'm fine, Mami,*" you breathe into her mind.

"Mami, Homura, and I were searching for her that night," you say, staring Sayaka down. "We made sure you were safe. We ran Homura's power for sixteen straight hours hunting for Oriko. We were angry, we were upset, we were scared, and we were *not* calm."

"And then you let them go scot free!" Sayaka snaps. Her fist tightens on your shirt, the cloth creaking under her grip.

"By the time we ended the night," you say, eyes narrowing to slits. "They were maimed, broken, and contained."

Maimed, and broken. An understatement if there ever was one. A machine gun doesn't *maim*. You'd all but decapitated Oriko, her shoulder practically erased. Chunky salsa.

Would telling Sayaka that help?

Sayaka sucks in a breath, grip tightening. "You fought?" she asks.

She's not a beeping robot. She doesn't just want some nebulous *justice*. She's outraged.

"What do you *think*?" you ask, not pulling away. "Oriko's still missing her *arm*. They're still under house arrest."

Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Hitomi shift, expression blank enough to rival Homura's. Your eye flickers over to her and her wrist cast, a look that Sayaka catches.

Sayaka's hand slackens on your shirt, cold anger burning in her eyes. "And we didn't *deserve* to know?"

A frown flickers across Hitomi's face. She marches forward, careful to pick her way around the shards of broken glass.

Moving deliberately, Hitomi slaps you.

Or she tries to.

She's not a puella magi, and your hand's already rising to block.

A cry from Mami, well before your hand gets there. Golden ribbons snap out, lashing around her arm to haul her back a step.

Hitomi stumbles with the force of it. All of you hang frozen in tableau for a long, long moment: Mami, edging in front of you with a fiercely protective scowl on her face, Sayaka, back on her heels with head lowered, ready to spring. Hitomi, standing but uncomfortably balanced with her good arm dragged behind her by ribbons.

And you, having taken a half step forward with hands raised in reflex.

"You did not have the right to pronounce judgement," Hitomi says, cold and clear.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Apologies for the late and short update.

On the up side, I'm making good progress with the other stuff that's happening, and my update rate will hopefully return soon. >\_>
