# On a Rail pt. 23

You blink at Hitomi in confusion. What does she-

She tried to *slap* you. Brief anger flares, ending out your bafflement. What would *she* have done? You fought. You put your life on the line hunting Oriko down, because everything wasn't all rosy and happy when you did.

They made earnest attempts to kill you. They *did* blow your arm off. Your leg, rather.

Biting words bob on the tip of your tongue. She doesn't get it. She can't, after all, and-

You bite it back.

You swallow the surging anger. It doesn't help. It... won't help.

"OK, can we all just... calm down?" you say, waving your hands. "Just... Everyone calm down, and we talk it out?"

"Please," Mami adds. There's a hint of veiled steel in her voice as her gaze sweeps from Sayaka to Hitomi.

Sayaka clenches her fist, but straightens slowly.

You shift a little, taking a step forward to stand beside Mami and grab her hand. You squeeze gently. "Mami?" you murmur. "Please let go of Hitomi? We should talk this out."

Mami glances at you, expression softening immediately. "Yes, of course," she says, letting out a breath. She turns her attention to Hitomi, dissolving the ribbon with a flick of her fingers. "I apologise for restraining you."

Hitomi nods and straightens, lips still pressed together into a thin line. She folds her arms - or tries to, at any rate, apparently forgetting about her cast for a moment. She settles for tucking her arms together when her hand scrapes over the cast.

Sayaka scowls, jaw setting hard. "How could you *do* this, Sabrina?" she asks.

You don't actually know what she's talking about. There's... too many things she could be talking about.

Hell, you're not sure what *Hitomi* meant, either. Does she think you took off Oriko's arm as some kind of *vigilante justice*? Is that something she thinks you would do - is that what she thinks of *you*? Anger, sharp and biting, flares again.

Gentle pressure on your hand brings you back - Mami squeezing your hand. You force the scowl that's worked its way onto your face off. Just as well you *didn't* let yourself be a punching bag. If... if nothing else, it'd be disrespectful to *Mami*. She cares about you, too.

"Hitomi, I'm certain that you've misunderstood something," you say, meeting her eyes and raising your hands placatingly. "But please, hold on a moment."

Her lips thin a little more.

You turn to Sayaka, taking a step forward and wincing at the feel of glass chunks under your feet. They're not sharp, thankfully.

Sayaka faces you, glowering still with her fists clenched tight in formless anger. You can read that much, at least. She isn't angry at you, per se. She doesn't have anywhere to direct the anger.

"Sayaka." You don't let your voice waver ad you address her. "You have a right to be angry about a lot of things-"

"You don't need to tell me that!" she roars, stomping forward. She thinks the better of it a split second and one step later, face twitching oddly as she hops back on one leg and an inarticulate yell.

It would be funny if everything weren't so tense.

Mami frowns. "For the sake of all of us, I'm going to clean up the the glass," she says, raising her free hand and pausing for a moment. When no one objects, she flicks her wrist at the mass of glass. A torrent of golden ribbons sweeps away every last piece before weaving themselves into an embroidered bag to the side.

Sayaka scowls as she hoists her foot up and flicks away the piece of glass stuck there. A golden ribbon snaps out from the bag to catch the piece. Still, everyone seems to have relaxed the tiniest hair with the impromptu disruption.

"Right," you say. Mami squeezes your hand lightly in silent support. You meet hard green eyes once more. "So... Hitomi. I... I admit, I don't understand what you mean. Please, bear with me: I swear I'm asking in good faith. What did you mean, when you said I didn't have the right?"

Outrages flashes in Hitomi's eyes. "You just... decided to punish her, and tore her arm off?"

"I think you've misunderstood quite badly, Hitomi," Mami says. "Being a magical girl sets us apart. We don't have any effective access to police services, or anyone capable of prosecuting. We can bend *steel* with our bare hands, if we need to. There's no jail that can hold us."

"Be that as it may-" Hitomi scowls.

"More than that," you say, cutting across Hitomi. You'd apologise for it, but you see no point in letting her build up a head of steam. *Your* turn to take a step forward, opening your hands to her. "Hitomi, is that what you think of *me*? That I'm that *cruel*? That vindictive?"

"No," she says, unafraid and unbowed. "I think you might do these things in anger."

"It was open combat," Mami says. "Sabrina was new, then, and Homura is experienced but doesn't have the ability to fight nonlethally. We were *all* wounded that day."

"We *fought*," you emphasize with a look at Sayaka. "Yes, that happened because she attacked *you*. We went after her -after *them*- because they hurt our friends. *All* of us got hurt, well, apart from Homura, but- fighting is a *mess*, Hitomi, and we don't have control over what we want to do. Mami had her arm broken, I got my leg blown up, Oriko *lost her arm and half of her head*. We *healed* her so that she could-"

You grimace at the memory.

It wasn't that long ago, and you're not proud of what you did.

"-so that she could surrender," you finish.

"There is no *justice* in the magical girl world," Mami admits. From the way her expression crumples, that admission *cost* her. You squeeze her hand in reassurance. "I..." she shakes her head. "I've kept the worst from spilling over into Mitakihara - this city is *mine*, but magical girls in other cities fight for territory and Witches."

"There's no alternative justice save what we impose on each other," you say, exhaling slowly. "Yet. But we weren't out for revenge, when we went after them before anyone else got hurt, or worse. We didn't heal Oriko's arm at the time as a *concession*. So that we'd have some reassurance that they'd stay under house arrest."

"You should have told me!" Sayaka snaps, jaw setting with eyes blazing. "I could have helped!"

Hitomi shoots Sayaka a look, then you, and Mami. "I want to meet them," she says, icy and firm. She still has her arms in that sort-of-crossed-arms, head tilted back just a hair.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Life is clearing up a bit for now!
