# On a Rail pt. 24

Right.

"OK, in order," you say, nodding at Hitomi. You'll get to her in a moment. "Sayaka, if I'd told you there and then... what would you have done?"

You stare down Sayaka. She glares right back at you, cerulean gaze blazing with anger, but before she can even open her mouth, you continue. "No, don't answer that," you say, raising a hand. "It's clear enough - you would have contracted under duress. Right? Anything less wouldn't have been you."

"Duh I would have. Like *you*!" Sayaka declares. "So what?"

She has a point there, you suppose. You did. But then again, you had a lot more information than she did at the time, which is really the point. "Nobody should have to do that, Sayaka," you say, expression flat. "No one should have to make that choice without knowing all the... hidden caveats, as it were."

Mami's hand tightens on yours.

Well. Contracting under duress, and then finding about the caveats later...

You squeeze back.

"No one more," you say, holding Sayaka's gaze still. "Don't get me wrong. We want your help, Sayaka. You're brash, yo-"

"Stop it, *stop* it-" Sayaka cuts you off, fisting her hands in her hair. "*Stop that*, just *get to the point*."

Hitomi makes an agreeing noise.

You rock back, momentum broken for a moment. "Right," you say, folding your arms. "We're glad to have you helping us. But telling you at the time? You'd have made a contract there and then. I can't..." You shake your head. "It's *immoral*. That's all I can say."

"I-" Sayaka raises a clenched fist. "How is it immoral to get *superpowers*?"

Which reminds you that you *need* to talk to Sayaka about her strength as a puella magi. Superman put it best, you think, and you might not live in the same world of cardboard that he would have, but one careless flare of temper and you could break something, or some*one*. Sayaka demonstrated the former, and hopefully will never encounter the latter.

You'll have words with her later.

"Have you already forgotten what our Soul Gems are?" Mami asks softly.

Sayaka scowls. "As if," she says, grimacing sullenly. "Fine. But you didn't-"

*Mami* cuts her off. "Kyuubey approached *me* when I was- when I was *dying* in a car crash. I-" she grimaces. "I made my Wish then."

You squeeze her hand encouragingly. "You were there when I made *my* Wish," you say.

Sayaka groans, squeezing her eyes shut with a hand. "Fine. *Fine.* I get why you didn't tell me straight away," she growls, dragging her hand down her face. "I'd have done something... probably stupid. But you never told me after."

"I'm not defending that," you say. "I'm *sorry* for that, Sayaka."

Sayaka's jaw tightens, and she looks away. "I'm with Hitomi," she says. "I want to see them."

Hitomi nods sharply.

You exhale. "I... thought as much, yeah," you say. "We can go whenever - right now, if you want."

"I think that would be best," Hitomi says.

"OK," you agree. "Let's go, then." Exhaling again, you start off for the door, Mami's hand still warm and tight on yours.

You turn to give her a smile. "Don't throw the glass away," you murmur to her. "Bet we can put table-chan back together, between the two of us."

Mami smiles back, the worried edge hovering in the faint frown on her face.

"It'll be fine," you murmur in a low voice.

She takes a shaky breath and nods back, releasing your hand so that she can lock the door behind Hitomi and Sayaka.

Neither of them look happy. They look... Both of them look sullen, in a word. Hitomi catches your eye, expression blank, before looking away, and Sayaka... Sayaka is angry. Formless anger that's just barely tamped down.

You don't think she blames you, per se, but... She's understandably *furious* and lashing out with nowhere for it to really *go*.

"Not that way," you say as they head for the lift lobby. "We need to get to the- actually, I take that back, we're taking the lift up and then climbing the last flight up to the roof. I'll fly us there, it's quicker."

Heh. You'd nearly forgotten not everyone can take the stairs like you and Mami can. *Sayaka* could, but not Hitomi.

The verdette gives you a faint frown before thumbing the up button.

You hum quietly and reach out telepathically as you wait. "*Oriko, Kirika?*" you murmur.

"*Sayaka wants to... meet us,*" Oriko responds instantly.

"*And Hitomi,*" you confirm as the lift arrives with a cheerful ding and you step inside. "*And no, they want to *meet* you, not euphemistic significant pause meet.*" You tactfully leave out the implied 'you drama queen'.

"*Understood,*" Oriko responds. "*See you soon, I presume.*"

"*Yep, see you,*" you confirm. "*Do you mind of I tell them about your lives and reasons for contracting? I... I won't if you don't want me to, but I want them to understand why you did the things you did.*"

"*See ya,*" Kirika adds, tone somewhat subdued.

"*That is fine,*" Oriko says.

"*Right,*" you say, rocking back and forth on your heels as you wait for the elevator to reach the top. "*We'll be there soon, then. Uh. If you're serving anything, might not want to use anything particularly precious. Sayaka's in a mood to break things.*"

"*We will... prepare,*" Oriko says, and ends the call.

The elevator finally arrives after another moment's awkward silence, and you lead the way up the final flight of stairs to the roof. You bump the stairwell door open with one hand and gesture in a sharp, chopping motion with your other.

Grief sweeps in at your command, enough drawn from your reserve to build a solid disc, your Minimal Flying Oppression Fortress. You take care to add a raised lip around the edges for safety, of course, and some little steps just to be fancy. You step up, Mami following without hesitation, and sit.

Sayaka eyes the disc dubiously for a long moment before setting foot on it and turning to offer Hitomi a helping hand.

"It's perfectly safe," you say. "I've done this a *lot*."

Hitomi settles behind you, still frowning. "This feels *unnatural*," she complains.

"I kind of *am* bending the laws of physics," you say with a shrug. "All ready back there?"

"Yeah," Sayaka grunts.

"I am," Hitomi says.

"Then here we go," you say, lifting smoothly into the air and starting to zip forward. Mami cuddles into your side with a pleased sigh.

The moon's barely risen, the waxing crescent dying Mitakihara City silver. The ceaseless flow of cars and people resolve into glittering rivers of light as you ascend into the cloudless night. Sayaka leans over the edge, and out of the corner of your eye, you can see her frown reluctantly ease into a smile. She nudges Hitomi, but the green-haired girl stubbornly refuses to crack a smile.

She *does* look, at least.

"*So,*" you say over telepathy to your friends. Don't really want to shout over the wind that's whipping your hair into a mess, after all. "*About Oriko and Kirika. I want to tell you more about them, if you want to hear it.*"

"*Tell me,*" Sayaka demands. Hitomi doesn't respond, but you get the impression she's listening.

"*Mikuni Oriko's father was Mikuni Hisaomi. You might have heard of him,*" you start. Judging from the way Hitomi frowns sharply, *she* has. You'll elaborate for Sayaka's sake. "*A senator found to be corrupted. After his suicide, Oriko Wished to find meaning in her life. And she got visions of a horrible future. I'm not going to *excuse* her actions, but it's why she did the things she has.*"

And also because she's a fatalistic drama queen, but that's beside the point for now.

"*I see,*" Hitomi says, lips tight.

"*Kirika... Kirika is simpler, kind of,*" you continue. "*She hated herself, her personality. Quiet and weird and angry.*" You lift your shoulder in a half shrug. "*Oriko was the first person to see her for anything at all. And she latched on hard, and made her Wish. She Wished to change *herself*. And to be frank, her Wish messed with her brain. She's a different *person* from who she was before, in many ways.*"

You turn and nail Sayaka with a sharp look over Mami's head. "*One of the reasons I wasn't inclined to let you make a Wish willy nilly.*"

Sayaka scowls back at you.

Fine. Moving on.

"*Oriko's having problems with her Wish,*" you say bluntly. Mami tightens her hug around your waist. "*My suspicion is that she's rejecting her Wish, and the powers it grants her are... fading. Her visions tell her she is destined to die. And she's rejecting that.*"

"*So she can't even see the future now?*" Sayaka asks, eyes narrowing.

"*There's a... specialist who'll be coming through town soon,*" you say. "*But no, not for now. Mami, watch our flight path for a moment?*" You turn around to face Sayaka and Hitomi properly. "\* I... Look, I'm not going to expect you to *not* be angry. You have every right to be. But *no violence*, OK?\*"

Sayaka's mulish look you can pass over, but Hitomi's calm calculation worries you. You glare at her.

"*If you want to talk about *justice*, well, *I* accepted their surrender and put them under house arrest. I have a *duty* to provide care for them and not do them violence as long as they *stay* under arrest,*" you say, holding Hitomi's gaze. Sayaka glances past you - Mami, who's adding her own steely glare to the mix.

"*... understood,*" Hitomi says, nodding a hair.

"*Right,*" you say, turning to face forward again. Mami nestles back into your side, smiling up at you.

A few minutes of flight later, you start to descend toward the Mikuni mansion, the onrushing wind dipping to a low roar. There's a faint glint down below, something glassy catching the light, which kind of makes you think of a sniper's sco-

Before the thought even finishes, you're swerving sharply. Adrenaline thunders through your veins, heartbeat loud in your ears. *Sniper*. Behind you, Hitomi and Sayaka yelp - but you don't have any attention to spare as you pull into a sharp dive, aiming for the vegetation near the bottom of the hill. Mami's instantly alert, shooting to her feet with a musket forming in her hands.

"*It's me.*" Homura's voice.

... oh.

... *ohhhh*.

Right.

You level out the flight, turning to check on Sayaka and Hitomi. "You OK?"

Hitomi looks *ruffled*. Sayaka has a stabilizing arm around her waist, the other hand clamped on the raised lip of your flight disc. Rather tightly. It's a good thing Grief doesn't actually feel pain, but you can certainly feel the *pressure*.

"Sorry," you apologise in response to the glares. "I saw some reflected light, and I thought it looked like a sniper's scope. Have you ever watched a war movie or something? Like that."

"... really, Sabrina?" Sayaka asks as she checks on Hitomi.

"Look, in my defense, it actually *was* a sniper's scope," you defend yourself, smiling sheepishly. "Homura's been watching over the Mikunis. I, uh, forgot to tell her we were coming."

Sayaka groans, covering her eyes. "Can we just... get on with it?"

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

And a Happy New Year to all of you!
