# On a Rail pt. 25

"Yeah," you say. "Let's."

You coast in for a smooth landing, dissolving your flying platform as Hitomi steps off. Mami follows you over to the glass door as you knock.

Kirika appears there, untransformed and rumpled. "Hey, Sabrina, hey, Miss Tomoe," she says. Orange eyes flicker over to Hitomi, widening a hair before settling into a frown as she turns back into the house proper. "Come on in."

Idly, you comb your hair with a hand as you follow her in. The wind always leaves it a mess. Mami trails behind you, Sayaka and Hitomi both giving the house wary looks as you're led into the living room.

Oriko's waiting there, sitting on the sofa as regal as any queen. Straight-backed, head held high... and sleeve knotted where her arm ends, something that Hitomi notices instantly.

"Hitomi, Sayaka, this is Oriko, and Kirika," you say, gesturing between them. "Oriko and Kirika, Hitomi and Sayaka. I'm only going to be the middleman... middlemeguca here - I'm not going to interfere unless anyone goes over the line. Got that?"

You reach out by telepathy as everyone gives their grudging assent. "*Kirika,*" you murmur.

The black haired girl glances at you, giving you a weak grin that's barely a shadow of its usual self.

"*I... can I ask for *some* leniency with Sayaka and Hitomi? I'm *not* asking you to not protect your oujo. I can't expect you to not do that. But just... don't eviscerate them or something?*" you ask. "*I rather like having the two of them around, and Hitomi's not a magical girl.*"

"*No eviscerations?*" Kirika says, eyes crinkling a little into a more natural grin. "*How about disarming?*"

"Please, everyone, do take a seat," Oriko says.

"*... No disarming please, and don't even joke about it, it's a sensitive topic,*" you say, hiding a wince as you sit down. Mami sits beside you, of course, anxiously shifting closer so that you're hip to hip.

"*Right, right,*" Kirika says. "*No promises. I'll try.*"

An awkward silence falls on the room. Sayaka glares at Oriko, while Hitomi just frowns thoughtfully. Oriko, on the other hand, seems completely unruffled, but then again, you know her at least well enough to say that it's an act. Kirika's plonked herself down beside *her* oujo.

"*Oriko? Do you mind if I invite Homura in?*" you ask. "*I haven't asked her yet, but I thought I'd get your permission first.*"

"*I would rather you not, for Kirika's sake,*" Oriko responds. Her expression doesn't change one iota.

"*... right,*" you agree. Which leaves Homura out in the cold, then. You might drop by and check in on her later. You sigh, and relax back into the sofa. For all Senator Mikuni's sins, he apparently had an eye for *comfortable* furniture.

Sayaka's the one to break the silence. "Why?"

Oriko blinks slowly. "To save your life," she says. "I foresaw that if I *hadn't* forced you to move, you would be dead."

"Why?!" Sayaka's voice rises. "Couldn't you have just *told* me?"

"You wouldn't have believed me," Oriko says. "Additionally, Akemi Homura would likely have shot me."

"Of course I'd believe you!" Sayaka says. "What would even want to kill me, anyway?"

... she's *got* to be aware of the irony of saying she'd believe Oriko and then immediately turning skepticism on Oriko's claims, right?

You tune out Oriko's explanation for the most part, though you keep an ear out for anything over the line. Or if Oriko mentions anything new. Instead, you turn your attention to Mami, taking her hand in yours. She looks at you, a slightly worried frown on her face.

"*Hey, Mami?*" you murmur into Mami's mind.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" she asks.

"*Thank you. Thank you for...*" you purse your lips, trying to find the words to convey what you mean. "*Thank you for being *you*. I messed up, back there, more than once, and... you caught me, every time.*"

"*You've done so much for me,*" Mami whispers, squeezing your hand right back. "*I'd do anything for you.*"

You start to smile at her, but then Sayaka's raised voice interrupts you. "*What* stupid feathers?"

Oriko doesn't flinch. "They obscure my visions," she says.

"That's awfully convenient, isn't it?" Sayaka counters. "And I just... conveniently die?"

You sigh. You'll admit you've thought the same, sometimes. It *is* awfully convenient, and you'd... hm. You should probably interject, here, since you have somewhat conclusive proof - that feather that just popped up when you created your Barrier. You cast a slightly worried look at Hitomi, who's sitting there with a thoughtful frown on her face as she lets Sayaka do all the talking.

"If I may," you say, leaning forward a little. "I can verify the... feathers, at least. I've had one just... show up by itself, as a result of some experimentation I've done."

Sayaka scowls at you. "And you know it wasn't just planted there or something?"

"I know, yes," you say. "I can sense Grief, which means I can sense magical girls. Whatever caused that to happen, it wasn't a magical girl, and it wasn't an animal or anything. It's not like it fell out of the sky or something."

Sayaka considers that, and nods grudgingly. "Fine," she says, turning back to Oriko. "That still doesn't excuse yo- You nearly killed my *parents*! You nearly killed *me*!"

You can see why that would be a bit of a sticking point. You turn your attention back to Hitomi for a moment. She's... well, she's a sheltered, well brought up teenager. She... doesn't have the context to understand things, perhaps, and she made some impulsive judgements. You've got every right to be upset with her for wanting to slap you, but that doesn't mean you can't understand it.

Mami squeezes your hand. "*Are you alright, Sabrina?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*I guess. I'm worried.*"

"*Nothing's on fire yet?*" she offers with a faint smile.

"*True,*" you agree.

The conversation falls into a lull with a particularly loud, wordless yell from Sayaka. The bleunette flops back into the chair, head lolling back to stare up at the ceiling.

You wince.

"*We'll talk to her later?*" Mami suggests.

"*I think we have to,*" you agree. You can guess at Sayaka's thoughts. Oriko *is* infuriating to talk to, and Sayaka isn't completely unreasonable. She listened to Oriko, at least, and... you suppose, you *hope*, she realises that the seer might be surprisingly dumb in her decision-making process, but that Oriko at least has good intentions.

At least, you hope so.

"You study at Mitakihara Middle school," Hitomi says, cutting across the silence. She's sitting upright, staring at Kirika.

"Yeah," Kirika agrees, not bothering to uncurl from Oriko - all but sitting in the other girl's lap, really.

"You're the one who broke my arm," Hitomi says.

"Yeah. I did," Kirika says. There's no shame, nor regret in her voice or posture.

Hitomi nods slowly. "Because... Miss Mikuni told you to," she hazards.

"Yep," Kirika confirms.

"Do either of you regret it?" Hitomi asks.

"I do not," Oriko says. "The alternative was unacceptable."

"Nope," Kirika says. "Oriko told me to."

"And what is that alternative?" Hitomi asks, eyes narrowing.

"The end of the world as we know it," Oriko says, folding her arm on her lap.

"Specifics, Miss Mikuni?" Hitomi asks, narrowing her eyes.

"In *your* specific case? *You* are generally a calming influence on your group of friends. And your group of friends are important," Oriko says. "You were *exceedingly* likely to have drifted apart from them, and even come into conflict with certain members, had events not unfolded as they did."

Hmm. Which, if Oriko's telling the truth there...

"*She's setting herself up as the scapegoat,*" you murmur to Mami.

"*She is,*" Mami says, shifting to nestle against you. Her hand's warm in yours. "*I... don't know why.*"

"I see," Hitomi says cold and hard. "You're not as clever as you think you are. You could have done all this without bringing harm to my friends or myself, but you chose to do this."

Oriko blinks slowly, putting a calming hand on Kirika's arm.

Hitomi glances at Sayaka. "I'm done," she says, and then turns her attention to you. "I apologise, Sabrina."

"Rrrrrgh," Sayaka groans, slamming her fists into her thighs. "Fine, let's *go*. Hitomi, you mind if you go home yourself? I- I need to be alone and think."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

That was surprisingly non-violent.
