# On a rail pt. 26

You're... you're relieved, you think. That went relatively well. You think.

"I am fine with that, Sayaka," Hitomi says with a nod. "I'll take a taxi from here."

You eye Sayaka for a moment, worry bubbling up like an uneasy knot in your chest. This... Well, it *isn't* a good situation for her, mentally. She's angry and frustrated and... blah.

Seeming to sense your inner turmoil, Mami squeezes your hand.

You don't want to say Sayaka's unlucky, but as far as you know?

The universe just likes to pick on her.

Ugh.

You can't stop her.

Or, well, you could, but that wouldn't end well, either.

You'll let her go and... hope for the best.

"Sayaka?" you say. "Lemme cleanse your Soul Gem before you head out?"

"Mmmrm," Sayaka grumbles, making a frustrated face and producing her Soul Gem. You cleanse that with a flick of your fingers, setting the churning Grief flowing out to the backyard with another gesture.

"*Hey,*" you reach out telepathically. "*I know it's a lot to take in. I'm free to talk if and when you want to, though so just... keep that in mind?*"

"*Nnnrgh,*" Sayaka responds. "*Thanks, but no thanks.*"

You bite back a heavy sigh. "*Just... Keep it in mind, OK? I'm your friend, and I care,*" you say. "*But... Good evening, and safe travels.*"

"Mmnrg," Sayaka says, pushing herself to her feet in one explosive motion. "Later."

Oriko considers the blue haired girl for a moment. "I take it you can see yourself out?"

Sayaka gives her a baleful glare and storms out of the room. You hear the glass door slamming shut a few moments later.

"I, too, shall be going," Hitomi notes. She rises with considerably more poise than Sayaka, and bows slightly to you. "Sabrina? Again, I apologise."

This time, you do sigh. Stalling for a moment to sort your thoughts out. Are you... Do *you* forgive her?

She tried to *slap* you.

Which...

Damn it.

That's no great act of violence. You could shrug off worse in your sleep and that metaphor took a sharp turn for the weird. But... A slap, from a non-meguca. You could take that, but...

You're hurt, even if the slap didn't land. And you're offended. She *does* think that badly of you, apparently, or at least when you're angry. You're...

Fine. She's a teenager, and you're well familiar with the vagaries of teenaged hormones and such. You can forgive, and... In fairness, you're not *close* friends.

"It's fine," you say. "You were working on incomplete information, and just... Yeah." You grimace. "Still, in any case - I'm open to talk about it, if you want to."

Hitomi nods slowly. "Thank you, to both," she says, and hesitates for a moment. "To the latter... Not now, but maybe tomorrow? I need some time to think."

"Alright," you say. "It's a short walk out of the grounds-" you glance at Oriko for confirmation, and continue at her job, "-before you hit the road. You should be able to grab a taxi, no problem."

"I appreciate it," Hitomi says with a ghost of a smile. "By your leave, Miss Mikuni."

Oriko inclines her head, relaxing infinitesimally as Hitomi leaves the room. Sea green eyes lock onto yours, assessing and... curious.

You blow out a hard, sharp breath. "Oriko, I need to talk to you," you say. "Might be a while, so... Well, do you have any tea?"

"Of course," Oriko says, rising smoothly. Kirika bounces to her feet, tossing you a wink as she follows Oriko to the kitchen.

... You were *going* to suggest that Kirika go help Oriko, *wink wink*, to get them both out of the way for a while so that you could talk to Mami alone for a few minutes, but uh. Some things don't need prompting, you guess.

You very carefully stop 'looking' at the kitchen with your other senses, and instead, you turn to Mami. You squeeze her hand, soft and comforting in yours.

"What's on your mind, Sabrina?" she asks, honey gold eyes inquisitive and warm.

"You already put your finger on it earlier," you murmur in a low voice, pitched not to carry. "Oriko's scapegoating herself. And I don't... I don't... Well, that's what I want to talk to *her* about." You bite your lip. "What do *you* think? Not about her, or not just about her, I- Sayaka broke your table and... Yeah."

To your surprise, Mami smiles, expression softening. "It's fine," she says. "I'm not too upset, it's... only a table. I... I imagine I would have been, before. But..." she exhales, frowning a little. "I'm worried about Sayaka."

"Yeah," you agree. "Me too. I... I worry that she might do something drastic. I mean, if she broke a table because of her anger..."

Mami nods. "She's strong enough to take care of herself," she says. "Just... I suppose we give her time, and hope for the best?"

"Yeah. I offered to let her talk if she wanted to, but she declined," you say.

Mami nods again, more thoughtfully. "Are you alright with Hitomi?" she asks delicately.

"I don't know," you admit. "I'm kind of hurt, but... I guess it's true. She doesn't really know me."

"Well," Mami whispers fiercely, hand tightening on yours. "*I* know you. And I know you're not that kind of person."

You can't help but smile. "Thank you, Mami," you whispers back.

There's a flash of motion in the corner of your eye - silvery hair, disappearing around the corner with a squeak as if a certain black-haired girl had yanked her girlfriend back behind said corner.

You roll your eyes, amused, and settle back against the sofa. You'd wanted to talk about Oriko's martyr complex more, but you're out of time, it seems. Mami noticed too, because of course she did. Her eyes dancing, she leans against your side, settling her head comfortably against your shoulder as Kirika decides that it's clear and finally emerges.

Kirika's carrying a dainty tea tray, the porcelain that they didn't bring out around Sayaka and her somewhat violent impulses. There's a broad, pleased smirk on her face as she tosses you a wink, practically sashaying over.

Oriko follows, taking ownership of the tea once Kirika sets it down, fussing over it with perfect elegance despite her impaired state. She pours out cups for all of you, before sitting primly on the couch. Kirika immediately burrows into her side, practically on her lap.

You take a sip of the tea, humming appreciatively. It *is* wonderful tea, fragrant and savoury with a sweet aftertaste. Not even a little bit bitter, the sign of well brewed green tea. Mami straightens from your side so that she can claim a cup too, sipping daintily.

"What did you want to talk to me about, Sabrina?" Oriko asks.

"Well, I want to talk about your... handling of the meeting," you say. "Why are you trying to make yourself a scapegoat?"

The seer shrugs with one shoulder. "Am I not to blame? I set all these things in motion."

"I-" you close your eyes for a moment, swallowing your first, exasperated retort. "OK, first, Kirika, thanks for not disembowelling anyone."

"Do I look like the kinda person who'd disembowel people for no reason?" Kirika says, giving you an angelic smile.

"Yes," you say flatly. "If Oriko asked you to."

"Hey, that's *a* reason," Kirika protests. "That's a *good* reason, too!"

You flap your hand at her. "Now, Oriko... Yes, you were the one to put things in motion, and I'm guessing that you show no remorse because you feel it was worth it for the greater good, or something similar."

"It *is* worth it," Oriko insists.

"Well, you know how I feel about that philosophy half the time," you say, scowling. Mami squeezes your hand in reassurance. "Fine. Are you trying to draw all their anger to you, so they're not as angry at me? That's kind of you, but... You should know that if I have a difference of opinion with a friend, I'm not using another friend to take the blame. So no thanks."

Oriko shrugs again. "It's already done," she says.

You make an inarticulate noise. "I *know*," you say. "I'm expressing my displeasure at you in hopes that you'll maybe not *do* it next time."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

So, [@Godwinson](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/4899/) created a [Discord](https://discord.gg/qqMwnu8) server for us to chat. For those of us who don't know what Discord is, it's a chat program, much like Skype but a lot more lightweight and not infested with ads.

**Actual vote discussion will happen in the thread. It's for the sake of people who aren't able to hang out 24/7 in Discord, and it's reflective of Sabrina's mind - the Discord server is just for people to shitpost and whatnot.**
