# On a Rail pt. 27

Oriko blinks very slowly at you, in a way that says she's listening, but doesn't agree with you in the slightest.

Talking to her is an exercise in frustration.

So you'll do something else instead. You take a sip of tea as a kind of conversational full stop, leaning against Mami. You draw strength from that comforting bit of contact, and reach out mentally for Homura. You include Mami, too.

"*Homura?*" you call. Mami relaxes against your side, so that you're supporting each other.

"*I'm here. I saw Miki Sayaka leaving,*" she responds nearly instantly. There's a live wire of tension in her voice, corded tight and alert.

"*Yeah, uh... The meeting went, ah, as well as could be expected, and Sayaka's cooled down a bit,*" you say. "*She's got a clean Gem, and she just needs room to think.*"

You sigh, relaxing into the sofa and sipping slowly at your tea. You try to look thoughtful - well, you *are* thoughtful. Your mind's going a million kilometers a minute as you sort and discard responses to Oriko, to Homura.

"*I need to watch Oriko,*" Homura says. "*Are you going after Miki?*"

Damn. You were kind of hoping she might volunteer. A Sayaka, alone and upset, is just the kind of Sayaka that might get in trouble. A guardian angel -hell, a guardian devil- would go a long way towards alleviating your worries. But you won't press. And she's not a devil, anyway.

Hell, you kind of wish you could give her a vacation somehow. Pack her some food, shove her into timestop to just sleep and relax.

Ugh.

"*No. I think Sayaka needs room to cool off. Also, um, I'm sorry about not calling ahead while I was on the way here,*" you say. "*Um... Could I get you anything? As an apology?*"

"*It's fine,*" Homura says. "*... I still have the picnic leftovers.*"

"*Alright. If you're sure,*" you say. You should probably do something nice for her, anyway. "*Also, I'll be making a privacy construct while speaking with Oriko's in a bit, so Mami and I will be out of touch. Uh, unless you want to come in?*"

A pause, long enough for you to imagine Homura's expression, expressionless, but... pinched. "*I'll keep watch outside.*"

"*If you're sure,*" you say. "*We'll let you know when we're done.*"

"*Noted,*" Homura says, and pauses for a second. You wait expectantly. "*Stay safe.*"

You- you very nearly blink in surprise, and judging from the way Mami twitches, she's not any less startled. "*Thanks, Homura,*" you say. Testament enough to how worried Homura is, you guess.

"Right," you say, exhaling and setting the teacup down with a sharp click. "Oriko, Kirika, I'm going to make another privacy construct to cover us, alright?"

Oriko nods magnanimously. "By all means, Sabrina."

You shoot Mami a quick smile, taking her hand in yours and squeezing it again before extending your senses and summoning a sphere of Grief. You can feel the Soul Gems around you, the magical girls - Homura outside, perched on a tree with what's presumably a rifle cradled in her hands. Mami, a warm and comforting presence at your side. *Aurora*. The Grief Seed sits in Oriko's pocket, not even close to filling. Kirika's still carrying both their Soul Gems, and Oriko's Soul Gem is a tightly wound spindle of fire.

... Hm.

Oriko's Soul Gem almost seems to be *relaxing*. Not returning to normal, but... if you had to use an analogy, it seems *beaten*. Defeated, and slowly settling back into its old shape.

The Grief sails in through an open window, settling with practiced ease into your hand.

This is one construct you're more than familiar with, paranoid as you are against a certain white rat of an alien.

Privacy. You want interdiction against all forms of eavesdropping, covert or not, visual, audio, thermal, and whatever esoteric form of remote detection might exist. A cloistered little space of your own.

*Your will be done*.

The Grief morphs in your hands, melting into a simple, white band set with a golden jewel and mounted on a little pedestal. You exhale, blinking away the disorientation, and put it on the table.

"Alright," you say. "Oriko. You're right. It *is* too late to change it now, but I... I'm *asking* you to not do anything like that in future."

"I am under house arrest, am I not?" Oriko asks.

"Yeah, I guess. But you and I both know that if you really wanted to, you could slip the net," you say with a shrug. "But you... look."

You fix Oriko with a glare. "Let me get this clear. You... you just wanted Mami and Homura to cooperate, for Walpurgisnacht, and beyond, so... you made yourself the common enemy. And then... you wanted Sayaka and Hitomi to stay together as friends, so you... hurt them both in ways that would force them to rely on each other. And then you took the blame for that, too."

"An apt summary," Oriko agrees with a dip of her head. "Though a minor correction is that I want Miss Shizuki to stay with your group, not merely Sayaka. Their shared crush on Kamijou is certainly a sticking issue."

You sigh. You'd honestly laid it out more for Kirika and Mami's sake than Oriko's, but of course she wants to nitpick on your *apt summary* of her grand plan. And Kirika doesn't seem disturbed in the slightest, still sitting happy as a clam next to Oriko.

"Bullshit," you say, sitting up straight.

Oriko doesn't react, apart from her jaw tightening.

"Frankly, Oriko, your... fixation on what's almost cartoonish villainy has blinded you to... less evil ways of accomplishing the same goals," you say. "I mean, if you *absolutely had* to set fire to Sayaka's apartment, you could have at least done it during the day. When there was *no one at home*. Goodness knows how many people were *in* the building at the time."

"Four hundred and eighty three," Oriko says tonelessly. "Of whom twenty seven, not including the Mikis, had to be sent for medical treatment. Do *not* presume to lecture me on the *cost* of my actions, Sabrina."

"Fine," you snap back. "You want to talk about *cost*? The cost isn't only to *yourself*. Leaving aside the cost to your *victims*, *you-*" a sharp jab of your finger for punctuation "-are not the only one who gets the short end of the stick."

You gesture at Kirika. "She gave herself to you. Completely, wholeheartedly. And Kirika?" Your eyes go to her, meeting startled, orange ones. "I respect you for it. You're awesome, for having the strength of character to do that."

"I-" Kirika opens her mouth to say something.

"I'm sure," you say, cutting her off. "But Oriko? That level of trust requires reciprocity. *Are you doing right by her?* Offering her up as part of *your* grand martyrdom?"

"I would do *anything* for Oriko," Kirika snarls, uncoiling upright.

"*I know* you *will*," you snap back. "And I'm asking Oriko if she's fine with *killing you*."

"It's for the good of the world," Oriko counters. "It's worth it."

"Yeah, *no*," you say. "First? You haven't convinced *me*. And it's causing *me* problems with Homura because *she* buys your schtick and *I* don't. So you've traded a short term problem for a *long term problem because *hell* if I'm letting you kill yourself without a fight*."

You'd gotten up on your feet at some point, hands clenched into fists. Mami has a hand on your wrist, and Oriko has one on Kirika's. Doesn't matter. "And *second*, Oriko, I call *bull-*fucking*-shit*. You chose this route *because* it lets you sacrifice yourself. I know *your father's* story, Oriko. *He* failed in the same philosophy and it is *not* your responsibility to atone for *him*."

"But it *is* my right to, if I wanted to," Oriko says, eyes glinting. "It *is* my right to die in a way that betters the world. This is what my powers showed me, Sabrina. This is what has to be."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Dammit, Oriko.
