# On a Rail pt. 28

You close your eyes, surprised in some ways at your own anger. It's sharp and hot and biting at the back of your mind, the sheer bullheaded stubbornness of Oriko's... fatalism drawing your ire. It's... unproductive.

You blow out a hard breath, and force yourself to sit back down. Kirika gives you a sharp look as she settles back on the sofa, too, the wire-taut tension never leaving her frame. You flash Mami a quick smile - you're alright. She smiles back a little, and takes your hand between both of hers.

"Fine," you say. Gentle, but firm. You don't need to snarl or rage like a cut-rate stage villain to get your point across - especially not now. You *know* Oriko's listening. That admission was more than you'd ever gotten out of her.

She wants to die. She's admitted as much, implicitly.

That's progress.

You work your jaw for a moment before continuing. "Fine. I agree, you do have that right," you say without any particular emphasis. "That *doesn't* mean you need to do it as soon as possible. And I do understand wanting your death -and your *life*- to have meaning."

"Do you?" Oriko asks, folding her hands on her lap. Kirika pouts and adds her hand to the pile, nudging insistently until Oriko turns her hand over to interlace their fingers. "Do you really, Sabrina? You have a grand destiny laid out before you, do you not? You know what you wish to do in life, if you'll pardon the turn of phrase."

"Do *you* not?" you counter. "*I* chose to care about my friends, to care about Mami, to fight against whatever may come. I mean, hell, I wanna save the world too, eventually. To help all the magical girls out there."

"I chose my goals," you say, and purse your lips. "But I have to wonder, Oriko, what goals did *you* choose? No, don't answer that, that's rhetorical, but this isn't." You meet her gaze square on, and let your voice drop an octave for that little bit of emphasis. "Oriko, is this about saving the world, or ending your life?"

"It's-" her voice goes sharp with outrage, anger cracking the smooth blankness of her expression. "I'm *saving the world*!"

"I believe you," you say, gesturing with one hand. "And yes, *we're* gonna succeed. But..." You chew on a lip for a second. "I'm not going to ask you why you have to die. We've been down that rabbit hole before. But Oriko, look. You can do a lot more alive than dead, and you have a... fixation on your own demise."

"It's what my visions show me," Oriko snaps.

You cock your head. "And you want to make sure your death has meaning, that you worked to the fullest extent of your capability to leave your impression on a better world, right?"

"If you want to put it in such *tawdry* terms, then yes," Oriko says. "I do."

"Alright," you say. "What would it take for you and Kirika to live a long, meaningful life together and *eventually* die as heroes? What needs to change for you to not die as villains?"

Oriko shrugs. "I cannot see the future anymore, but for what I remember," she says. "However, I imagine that would involve convincing Akemi Homura."

She has a point there, you suppose. "That much is true, but that's *my* problem to deal with," you say. "And I might have brought this up to you before, but I think it's worth reiterating. We are *magical girls*, Oriko, and we fight fate. We *literally* make the impossible possible, so visions or not, why are you just... submitting?"

"It's the best future I can *find*," Oriko hisses. "My first vision was of the *end of the world*, how it all falls apart. This is the best path."

"Why?" you challenge, squeezing Mami's hand. She squeezes back. "What makes it the best?"

"Everyone lives, ultimately," Oriko says.

"Except you? And Kirika?" you challenge, folding your arms.

Oriko shrugs eloquently. "Other futures are less..." her expression tightens. "Less optimal."

"Less optimal because you don't die?" you ask.

"I die regardless. That much is certain from my visions," Oriko says. "This is the way my death helps to prevent others from dying."

You blow out a hard breath, cocking your head to the side. Because *that* niggles at something you've been turning over in your head. "Just so we're clear, Oriko, your Wish gave you a vision, there and then. That was the... immediate effect of your Wish, and you *additionally* got precognitive visions as your power. Correct?"

Oriko frowns at you. "That is correct."

"Then... Well. Your visions show you what you want," you say. "A way to die meaningfully. But that's not what you Wished for, is it?"

"I am going to die," Oriko snaps, earning her a worried look from Kirika. "And I've told you. I've accepted that."

You open your mouth to report, but the words die as you hear the glass door slide open. You'd made the privacy field one way, after all - you can still observe the outside perfectly well, and if you carefully do not think about a localised Olber's paradox, it's like it's not even there.

Well, that, and the ever present sensation of *Witch* singing in the back of your mind.

Your eyebrows jerk up in surprise as Homura strides into the room, a wooden stocked submachine gun cradled at the ready. Her eyes scan warily, finally settling in your general direction - she can't see into your interdiction field, obviously.

Kirika makes a quiet noise in the back of her throat, eyes narrowing. She subsides only when Oriko puts a calming hand on her wrist.

"Ah... I'll go see what she wants?" Mami suggests, watching as Homura transfers the submachine gun - PM-9?- to her other hand, freeing the other. She flattens her fingers into a C-shape against her stomach, just beneath her navel.

"Sayaka," Mami says, words mirroring your realisation. She jolts bodily off the sofa, glancing back at you.

You flash her a smile and a nod, though you're tempted to bolt from the sofa yourself. Sayaka should be fine, it hasn't even been that long since you started talking to Oriko.

You watch as Mami pushes through the boundary of your privacy field and talks to Homura.

You watch as Homura shifts uncomfortably. Mami says something, and Homura nods before speaking.

You watch as Mami's expression freezes.

Homura beckons at you, but you're already on your feet, arms windmilling as you fight for balance. You plunge out of the privacy field and nearly crash facefirst to the floor, but Mami's hands catch you.

"Miki Sayaka ran into Sakura Kyouko," Homura says.

"Are they-" you start. Homura cuts you off.

"They're not fighting. Just talking," Homura says. "You've told Sakura about her already? Miki went east. Apparently, Sakura Kyouko was hunting and spotted her roofhopping from across the river."

You glance backwards, at the sphere of absolute, abyssal darkness that is your privacy field.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

... oh.
