# On a Rail pt. 29

"Oy vey," you mutter under your breath. You pinch the bridge of your nose, squeezing your eyes shut. Somewhere out there, someone is laughing at you.

"Never rains, but it pours," you grumble, exhaling as you open your eyes. "Homura, could you timestop us? The three of us; I need planning time."

Homura's already reaching for her shield, cranking it sharpl-

\-y. You blow out a hard breath, straightening and tightening your hold on Mami's hand. Homura's holding your other hand, and Mami's already spooling golden ribbon from her sleeve to lash the three of you together.

"Alright, alright," you say, giving Mami a smile as she winds a ribbon around Homura's wrist, and then yours. "Homura, was it just the two of them? Were either of them angry or starting to get angry?"

Homura shakes her head. "No," she says. "They seemed to be just talking, and Chitose Yuma was there, too."

"OK, good," you say, relaxing a bit. Just as well, though, because you'd been struggling with yourself about whether to ask her to join the conversation. *That* would probably earn you a spear to the gut. Rightfully so, if you're honest with yourself.

So really, it *is* a good thing Yuma's there. She's a good counterbalance to Kyouko's abrasiveness. And now that you think about it, there's no real good place to stash Yuma while she goes out hunting, in any case.

"Give us a moment, Homura?" you ask, smiling at your friend.

She regards you, expressionless, and eventually nods. "I'll be outside," she says, giving one last glance at the absolute blackness of your privacy field before striding out of the room and leaving you and Mami in the dead silence of her timestop.

You turn to face Mami fully, taking her hand in both of yours. You meet her eyes, giving her a gentle, reassuring smile.

She's scared.

You squeeze Mami's hand. "I-" you shake your head. "I guess I jumped the gun a little. I didn't mean to conceal anything from you - it's just that after I brought the idea of having Kyouko train Sayaka up with you, I went ahead and mentioned it to her. I'm sorry I didn't tell you yet - I didn't think it was urgent, and stuff kept coming up."

Mami swallows, eyes wide. "I-" she bites her lip. "A-alright. I- I suppose I shouldn't be upset."

"No," you say, squeezing Mami's hand tightly. "No, Mami. *Are* you upset? I- there's no such thing as '*shouldn't* be upset'. If you are, you are."

Mami looks down, her eyes finding your joined hands. "I- I am. I-" she shakes her head. "I'm not upset at you. I- I know you're b-busy. Just, I- you know my history with her, and... it's for the good of Sayaka, but- it's hard."

"Thank you for understanding," you say softly. "I- first of all, I'm trying to be better about all this. Mami, you *matter* to me, and I'm trying to keep you in the loop. Just... I genuinely didn't think this one would come up so soon."

She gives you a wan smile. "How could you?"

"Yeah, well... I want to be more open with you," you say. "And... well. Second, I... Sayaka's my friend, but she's *your* student, and Mitakihara is *your* territory."

"It's *our* territory," Mami says, closing her free hand on top of yours.

Well. You suppose it is. You swallow the lump forming in your throat, and smile at her as you continue. "Alright, but- I... I want to give you this decision, Mami," you say. "I... I would *prefer* to settle the discussion with Oriko tonight, since it... doesn't seem like the situation with Sayaka is particularly urgent. But that is *my* preference, and it really is *your* decision."

"Ah. I-," Mami says. Her jaw works as she swallows, eyes not meeting yours. But... she's thinking. You can tell as much, just watching the expressions flicker across her face, and the little twitches of her fingers.

"I..." Mami says, fingers tightening on yours to almost crushing strength. "I'm not- I'm not strong enough. I- w-we can stay? And talk to Miss Mikuni? If that's alright?"

"That's perfectly fine, Mami," you say. "As I said, I... that's my preference, anyway. I suppose we'll tell Homura?"

She nods weakly, not letting go of your hands.

"Hey, Homura?" you call in her general direction. "We're done."

The time traveller appears a few minutes later, raising her eyebrows at you as she steps neatly around a rather nice vase.

"We're... going to continue talking to Oriko," you say. "I... are you sure we can't persuade you to come in? You don't *have* to talk to Oriko, but you could at least sit on a chair inside the house instead of outside in the cold."

Homura shakes her head. "No. Inform me when you're done," she says. "I... appreciate it."

"Alright," you say. "Thanks for keeping an eye out for Sayaka, by the way."

She shrugs, expression neutral.

"Right... I guess you can end the timestop, now. Stay safe, and stay warm, OK?" you say. "It's probably gonna be a cold night."

Homura nods. "Stay safe," she echoes, reaching for her shield. She twists it, and with tha-

\-t familiar sense of dislocation, you're back in the real world. Homura's already striding out in a swish of lustrous black hair, Mami's hands still clasped around yours.

You smile at Mami, and then turn back to your privacy field, pushing through.

You're met by the *smuggest* look from Kirika, who seems to have migrated to sit across Oriko's lap in the relatively short non-timestopped period you've been outside the field. "Hi, Sabrina!" she chirps.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Apologies for the delay in the update!
