# On a Rail pt. 30

You huff an amused breath as you wave at Kirika, who shows no inclination to move. Oriko seems rather pleased to have Kirika on her lap, too, despite the breach of propriety.

Well, if she's not complaining, you see no reason you should. It does make it slightly harder to hold a serious conversation, though not significantly.

You flop back onto the couch, tugging Mami down beside you. You wrap an arm around her waist - it's not a competition with Kirika, of course, and it's hard to decide to do something unconsciously, but you don't need a reason to hug Mami.

"Sorry about that, apparently Sayaka ran into Kyouko," you say. "Anyway, Oriko..."

You press your lips together, and meet her eyes. "I'm sorry for my tone earlier. I was rude and unfair to you, and I apologise," you say.

"Apology accepted," Oriko says, shifting Kirika a little on her lap. "You were understandably frustrated."

You give her a flat, unamused look. "*Understandably?*"

Oriko shrugs, her mouth ticking up in the corner. "Just so. I know what it's like to speak to someone obstinately and uncompromisingly opposed to your worldview, after all," she says.

"... OK, fine, I walked right into that one," you concede, relaxing against Mami. She leans her head against your shoulder.

"It is in my nature to set traps for people," she offers.

"No, you stop that," you say, pointing your finger at her. "You're supposed to be aggravating and argumentative, not cracking self-aware jokes at me."

Oriko shrugs, smiling faintly. "I'm in a good mood," she says, indicating the Kirika on her lap. "And I am nothing if not self-aware. It's just that I've accepted who I am."

Which sobers you *right* up. You straighten, keeping your arm around Mami's waist. "About that," you say slowly. "I... I have to apologise in advance for what I'm about to say, because I have to question that."

Oriko's expression smooths out into something unreadable. "Do go on," she says.

"Well, keeping in mind that this kind of *is* armchair psychology," you say slowly, frowning as you try to find the correct words. "Well... No. Let me ask you a question first. You can guide your precognition, right? I mean, you've mentioned this being the best path you can find, and all that."

"Of course. Nothing very precise, admittedly, but a general direction," she says. She frowns at you, silver eyebrows drawing together over sea green eyes. "Are you about to suggest that I have been *looking* for ways to die?"

Not in so many words, but yes. That *is* in fact exactly what you think. Of course telling her that to her face isn't going to work, you don't think. But... Oriko isn't the only one you want to convince, here. You want to at least take a stab at convincing *Kirika*- because she might have made her Wish to change herself for Oriko's sake, but she made her Wish to change herself *for Oriko's sake*.

If you can get Kirika on your side -and she's already partway there- then your battle is all but won.

"Unconsciously," you say, meeting those eyes. You're not afraid to own your opinion. "I think that you're at least slightly depressed, which feeds into your precognition, which gives you visions of your death, which feeds into your depression. Or at the very least, even if you're not depressed, then your fatalism."

"I find that hard to believe," Oriko says, tilting her nose up a bit.

"I-" you blow out a hard breath. "I know. I know, but just... hear me out, Oriko? Please?"

She waves her hand at you, as if to say 'carry on'.

"OK, OK, I... I'm not a trained psychologist, though I do have a good bit of knowledge," you say. "And OK, calling it depression might be a bit strong. But Oriko, I... I'm not going to say you want to die, but am I right in saying that you feel a need to atone for your father's sins?"

Oriko nods slowly. Reluctantly, because she's stubborn and annoying, but she's not stupid. She can see where you're going, and she doesn't like it. Kirika's attention is on you too, orange eyes fixed and unblinking and thoughtful.

"And atoning..." you nod at her. "I... Oriko, this is just my hypothesis, but I don't think it's completely outlandish. I don't-" You shake your head, hair flying. "I don't want to throw accusations around. I'm here, trying to help. Just... You said it was your right to die. I... I think your visions are feeding you what you want to see."

"It *is* my right," Oriko insists.

"I'm not denying that." Because it'd be worse than useless to, and it's more than irrelevant right now. You sigh, leaning back on the sofa and closing your eyes for a moment. You toy idly with Mami's hair, curling a drill around one finger.

"I... would you consider it?" you ask. "Oriko, *is* it possible that despite you *trying* to search for an outcome where you live, you only found the ones where you died well?"

She opens her mouth to speak, but you hold up your hand, stopping her. "No, let me add one more point, please?" you ask. "Oriko, you Wished to know the meaning of your *life*. But you've... you've rejected it. You've been seeking a meaningful *death*. And that's why you lost it."

Oriko laughs bitterly. "Useless to the end, then?"

"That's *not* remotely what I meant," you say, your tone and eyes sharpening. "Feh. It's not even what I *said*. And you know it. *Think*, Oriko. Please."

She grimaces. "All I see is death, Sabrina," she says. "Even if your hypothesis is correct, what do you expect me to do? Decide to be happy?"

Oriko's clearly *thinking* about it. And she hasn't refuted you yet. She might be ignoring you, but... she seems troubled, if nothing else.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Progress?
