# On a Rail pt. 35

"*Yep,*" you respond after a quick moment's thought. "*Talk to you soon. Thanks for helping Sayaka decompress. Goodnight to you and Yuma!*"

"*Mmmgrn,*" Kyouko grumbles. "*'night.*"

She closes the connection as you glide past some apartment blocks, skimming low over the rooftops. Mami shifts, seeming to sense that your attention is less preoccupied now, and takes the opportunity to nestle closer against you. You give her a smile, and turn your head slightly to check on Homura.

Violet eyes meet yours, framed by the flowing black perfection that is Homura's hair, streaming in the wind. You give her hair a considering look, but it just isn't the same like this. It's still Homura's ridiculously perfect hair, but somehow, it's just not the same as a proper hairflip. Homura raises a single eyebrow at you.

You give her a grin and a shrug. There's nothing going on, you just feel behooved to check on her.

She tilts her head slightly, settling back.

As you reach the Kaname residence and slow down, you glance back one last time at Homura. Her hair remains *frustratingly* perfect, when you *know* that yours is a wind-tousled mess.

... come to that, Mami's hair seems ruffled but essentially unaffected by the wind, too. Her hair drills still hold their shape, even. And Kyouko... well, you don't think you've really seen a knot or anything in that giant ponytail of hers. She probably washes her hair in hotel rooms and such fairly often, but how much proper maintenance can she really put into it when living more-or-less on the streets?

You're beginning to suspect that you just didn't get the 'nice hair' part of the puella magi package. You'd say you got gypped, but it was probably a trade-in for the 'phenomenal cosmic power' package.

Hm. You really should try Grief hair extensions at some point.

You coast in for a landing. Can't set down *too* close to the Kaname's, not when there's no good place to conceal your approach. Which you kind of do out of reflex. Breaking the masquerade is one thing, but causing UFO sightings is another.

You beam at Mami, and then Homura. "Shall we?" you ask, taking Mami's offered hand to step off the disc. You'd landed in the clearest spot you could find, out of sight from the apartments thanks to some trees.

"Let's," Mami agrees. Homura nods, and starts up the street. You fall in behind her, letting her lead.

Mami freezes midstep, eyes going wide. "We forgot to get a gift!" she exclaims.

Homura frowns. "I have something," she says, and makes a sharp turn back out of sight. You sense her transformation and *de*transformation before she reappears, holding a boxed set of eight plastic tubes in her hands.

"Spices?" you ask, squinting at said box.

"Fresh herbs," Homura says, tonelessly. "Mr. Kaname enjoys cooking."

"It's not wrapped," Mami says, reaching for the box. "Give them to me, Homura?"

Homura hands them over, and Mami concentrates for a second. Ribbons wrap around the box, golden light flaring before it settles into tasteful, cream-coloured wrapping paper decorated with flower-like patterns in black and gold.

You rub your forehead. "Man, I completely forgot about that," you say. "Nice save, Homura, Mami."

Mami pats you on the shoulder, turning the wrapped box over in her hands before nodding in approval. "We all forget things," she says, and gives you a warm smile. "Shall we?"

"Yeah, let's," you agree, starting up the street. It's not far now, the house coming into view as you walk onwards.

You've been here once, of course, during the grand timestop hunt for Oriko, but the Kaname residence is still *ridiculous*. It's not on the same scale as the Mikuni mansion, but *that* was built with embezzled public funds. Not so much the Kanames', and this *is* modern, land-starved Japan. You still don't know how that works.

Lush greenery surrounds a very modern house, all glass and white painted walls. They have *two* second floor balconies and a *garden* out front with a *running fountain* and enough space that you can't even see the neighbours as you walk up the path, and you can't help but gawk around as Homura leads you up to the front door. She hesitates there, halting in front of the door.

You clasp her on the shoulder reassuringly, before reaching past her to push the doorbell. The chime echoes from inside the house, long and tinkling. And then-

"Coming, just a moment!" Madoka calls. Homura straightens infinitesimally, the tension bleeding out of her shoulders at the same time.

When the door opens, though, it's not Madoka. Instead, on the other side of the door is a wall of olive green wool.

"Good evening!" Tomohisa says.

You... well, you knew he was tall, and you'd met him for a few minutes earlier today. But you were preoccupied at the time, and you're right in front him now. You have to tilt your head back to give him a smile. "Good evening, Mr. Kaname!"

"Good evening," he says, cupping his chin as his bespectacled gaze sweeps the group. "You must be... Sabrina-chan, Akemi-chan, and... Tomoe-chan?"

Mami startles, and then bows to Tomohisa. Homura follows suit. "Yes, I'm very pleased to meet you!" Mami says.

Tomohisa nods, smiling. "Madoka told me abo-"

"I'm coming!" Footsteps pelt down the stairs, followed by Madoka herself with twintails bouncing. "Ah, papa!"

Tomohisa turns to beam at Madoka. "Don't worry, I haven't brought out the baby pictures yet," he says.

"Papa!" Madoka complains, hurrying over to the door.

"That will wait for Junko to come home," he says with a firm nod. "Junko's my wife," Tomohisa adds in an aside to the three of you standing at the door.

Madoka giggles nervously. "Papa..."

"Relax, I'm just teasing," Tomohisa says.

"Oh," Madoka says, tugging on a twintail. "Ah, papa, this is Homura, Mami, and Sabrina. Everyone, this is my papa, Kaname Tomohisa."

Tomohisa nods. "We've already introduced ourselves," he says, mussing Madoka's hair gently.

You know, you kind of have to wonder where all the tallness went, considering Tomohisa. Yes, that's not how genetics work, and it's probably more that Madoka inherited Junko's height instead, but it's also more amusing to imagine that Madoka has a massive growth spurt lying in wait to ambush her next year or so.

"Ah, why don't you all come in?" Tomohisa says, guiding Madoka out of the way of the door.

"Thank you, Mr. Kaname!" Mami says, stepping forward and shucking her shoes. She bows and offers the wrapped box.

"Ah, thank you," Tomohisa says, receiving the box with both hands. "You didn't have to!"

Mami smiles, bowing again and leading the way in, stepping around a nice, wooden chair you choose to believe is for people to sit down and put their shoes on. You follow suit with a bow, trusting Mami to know what she's doing. Homura does too.

The interior of their house is much like the outside: *ridiculously* expansive and very modern in aesthetic. Except, well, it *would* be modern apart from... the sofas. They... don't match. Any of them. There are far too many of them sitting around the rectangular coffee table, and... none of them match. One is high backed, deep blue, and evidently spins. There's one upholstered in beige leather, and another in brown. And-

And there's also a baby staring up at you with huge, curious eyes.

"Erm," you say, by way of noting his presence to the room at large. He's dressed in an *adorable* little yellow hoodie, chubby face topped with a mop of messy purplish-pink hair a middle shade between Madoka's and Tomohisa's faded pink.

Tomohisa glances over, and he laughs. "Tatsuya! Come to papa," he calls, kneeling and opening his arms.

"Nuh!" Tatsuya says, still staring up at you. He puts one pudgy little finger to his mouth, and turns to Madoka.

You laugh, and squat down. You glance at Tomohisa for permission before reaching to ruffle Tatsuya's hair. "Hi, baby! Well done, baby, you're doing a fantastic job being a baby. If you keep doing such a good job, I hear you're up for promotion to toddler soon. Congratulations!"

... even Homura's giving you a puzzled look now.

At least Tatsuya seems to appreciate the headpat, gurgling happily and butting his head against your hand.

You cough, standing. Tatsuya coos in disappointment, toddling over to Tomohisa to be picked up instead. "Er. Sorry? I... it seemed like the right thing to say," you say, fighting the embarrassed blush. "He's cute?"

Mami shakes her head, patting you on the shoulder. "Oh, Sabrina," she says, giving you a fondly amused smile. "He is, yes."

"He *is*," Madoka agrees.

Tomohisa laughs easily, and leads you past the living room with baby balanced on his hip. You spot their kitchen through an open doorway. Equally well kept, glass-fronted cabinets showcasing all their tableware, with a spacious kitchen counter and enough room for a dining table. And there's a floor-to-ceiling glass enclosure in the middle of said kitchen, open to the sky, that houses a miniature palm tree.

Because of *course*.

You're kind of jealous of their kitchen, but on the other hand, having a cozier kitchen has its benefits too.

You spot the picnic basket on the kitchen counter, evidently not packed away yet. "Ah, Mr. Kaname, thank you for the picnic basket. It was delicious!" you say, and blink. "Um, the food, not the basket. You wouldn't eat the basket, it's all wooden and... cane-y."

Tomohisa gives you an odd look, but waves it off with a dismissive air. "Oh, it was nothing. By the by, who prepared the curry Madoka brought back? And the pastries?"

"Ah, Mami baked," you say. "And I did the curry. Uh... Madoka mentioned that we should swap curry recipes?"

You notice Madoka hovering anxiously at the periphery of your vision, eyes dancing from you, to Homura, to Mami. But mainly she darts worried little glances at *you*.

"Indeed!" Tomohisa says. "I've been looking for a good Indian curry recipe for a while, really." He shakes his head mournfully. "It's rarer than you might think. Let me get you some drinks..."

"Ah, I'll help!" Madoka says, hurrying after her father into the kitchen.

You meander over to the sofas, giving Mami and Homura a smile. You settle down on the brown one, and Mami immediately claims the spot next to you. Homura sits primly on the blue-coloured, revolving sofa, almost dwarfed by the sheer size of the thing.

Madoka bustles out with a tray of pastries a few minutes later, Tomohisa following with a tea tray and Tatsuya toddling after. Does that technically mean he's already earned his promotion already, you wonder.

You relax into the sofa, taking a cup of tea and a senbei -rice cracker- which is *delightfully* crisp and sweet in your mouth. "This is great!" you say.

"Ah, that's good," Tomohisa says, taking one for himself. "I was worried these might have gone soft; I made them a few days ago."

"No, these are still wonderful," Mami says, nibbling daintily on her own.

Homura nods silently, watchful gaze never quite still.

You spend a while just relaxing and swapping recipes with Tomohisa. It turns out that getting *good* foreign recipes in Japanese is actually surprising hard, something Mami's more than happy to commiserate with. Madoka offers commentary, mostly in terms of what sounds delicious, and Tatsuya adds his gurgled two cents.

Homura Homuras, making a quiet remark every now and then.

At some point you excuse yourself to go to the bathroom. All that picnic food and the tea has to go somewhere, of course.

"Down the corridor, second door on the left," Madoka instructs.

"Gotcha!" you say, padding down said corridor and pulling it open. You purse your lips, close the door, and walk back to the living room. "So, uh, all the glass-"

"That's just the washing area, Junko loved the idea," Tomohisa says, with an air of having explained this before. "The toilet is on the right, behind the screens."

"Right," you say, and head back in. You give the *wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling glass windows* a long, uncomfortable look. There's even *screens* mounted on the wall, inactive for now.

After relieving yourself, you head back to the living room, finding Tomohisa getting to his feet with Tatsuya balanced on his hip. "I'll leave you to enjoy yourselves, alright? Tatsuya needs his bath," he says with a smile, and heads up the stairs.

Madoka smiles at her father as he leaves, before turning her attention to you. "Are you alright, Sabrina? You seem a bit out of it."

---

- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] When appropriate - destress first, no need to cut hanging out short or anything, no emergencies here - talk to Madoka.
  - [x] Ask her how she's doing. Anything she's thinking about or worrying about, that kind of thing.
  - [x] Ask Madoka for advice on Sayaka. She's Sayaka's friend and knows her better than any of us do.
    - [x] Give her an overview of the situation. We found the girls that burned down Sayaka's house but were kind of stressed out and afraid of how everybody would react, so we procrastinated on telling everybody for way too long. We told Sayaka and Hitomi today and now they're mad at us and probably don't trust us and we feel really guilty about it, so...
    - [x] And, yeah, we probably should've told Madoka about it too. :/

\=====​

So, a guided tour! The [exterior](http://puu.sh/u79AU/15bafac036.jpg) of their house. Note the fountain and non-euphemistic huge tracts of land. We then move on to [Tomohisa's garden](http://puu.sh/u77X3/35af16c0b8.jpg). I'd like to point out that there are *stairs going down* and railings behind. Also for comparison: their garden in [Rebellion](http://puu.sh/u78cv/2b73577057.jpg). And then their [kit](http://puu.sh/u783f/0cbe3c8f7d.jpg)[chen](http://puu.sh/u77Ns/6446e2911d.jpg). And of course, their [bathroom](http://puu.sh/u77UF/e485b371dc.jpg).

Also, [swivel sofa](http://puu.sh/u7gw8/e29c2da965.jpg). My friend has one of these (upholstered in leather) and it is *sinfully* comfortable.
