# On a Rail pt. 36

You sigh, sinking back into the sofa and giving Mami a squeeze. You're not quite sure when it happened, but it became kind of habit to just automatically pull her into a hug whenever she sits next to you. Which is always. It's just... comfortable.

Somewhere in the house, you can hear running water start up - Tatsuya getting his bath, you suppose. And that makes it a safe-ish time for you to talk.

"I am, I suppose," you say, rubbing your nose. "I... Truthfully, Madoka, I didn't want to drag this in. I wanted to just hang out, but... Yeah, I guess I *am* a bit out of it, for more than one reason."

You chew your lip a bit, drawing a concerned look from Mami. Madoka, too.

"Talk to me?" Mami urges quietly. "Talk to us."

You chuckle weakly. "I didn't want to turn this into something all big and serious and stuff," you note. "I really did just want to hang out. But... It concerns you too, Madoka."

"Ah?" Madoka says.

"Yeah. I... You know about Sayaka's house, and Hitomi's arm, of course," you say. "I... I knew who caused both, right from the start. A pair of magical girls; Oriko and Kirika. We went after them, that night." You gesture at Mami, Homura, and yourself.

Madoka nods, eyes wide. But for all the horror on her face, she looks... resolute. Determined to hear you through.

"We caught them, of course," you say with a little grin. "Homura is incredibly overpowered, and Mami is just plain awesome, and I can get rid of the, ah, resource costs."

Homura snorts softly, to which Mami makes a little noise of agreement. "Don't give yourself so little credit, Sabrina," Mami says with a chiding, warm smile.

You shrug, grinning weakly. "It's called being modest," you say. "Anyway... I... I guess that's where I messed up. I put them under house arrest. It was my decision, and... They're not bad people, just misguided. And... I didn't tell Sayaka or Hitomi about them. I didn't tell you either, and that's my fault, too."

"If anything, it's all our faults," Mami offers quietly. "Both Homura and I had every opportunity to say something, too."

"But I was the one behind the whole thing, more or less," you say, attention shifting back to Madoka. "It was my fault. I... to elaborate, I told them earlier today, after the picnic. I've... I sat on it for too long. I had what I think are good reasons, but the fact is that I concealed things from my friends, and I made them angry."

Madoka seems to wilt a little as you speak. "Why did you hide it?" she asks.

"I had... what I think are good reasons," you say. "I... Homura? Can I ask you for a timestop, for all of us? I don't... I want to talk about this more privately."

Homura blinks slowly, eyes flickering over to Madoka before she nods, and stands, sweeping her hair back. You sigh, turning away to hug Mami tighter, who's more than willing to cuddle back against you even as she spools ribbon with her free hand. "Madoka? You'll need this ribbon, may I put it around your wrist?"

Madoka looks at Homura, eyes wide, and then Mami. "A-ah- alright!"

It only takes a few moments for Mami to wrap the ribbons appropriately and Homura to ready her shield. She cranks it across.

Stillness floods the world, the silence almost a tangible weight blanketing and smothering the life. Colours bleed away, leaving empty grey hues and the bright splashes of colour that are your*selves* the only things that feel real.

Madoka sucks in a breath, looking around with an awed, slightly fearful expression. "This... this is your power, Homura?" she breathes.[ where are you](<http://where are you>)

Homura nods. "My shield lets me stop time." She grabs a cracker and drops it, letting the frozen monochrome of the timestop take it mid-fall.

"That's amazing," Madoka says. "It's so... it's so *quiet*."

You pipe up, since Homura doesn't seem to be inclined to say anything more. "There's no noise because everything's stopped. There's no cars, no machines, the fridge isn't making any noise, the insects are frozen..."

That draws Madoka's attention back to you, though, her gaze snapping to yours.

She somehow has a *really* guilt-inducing stare, sad and disappointed and yet hopeful that you can make it all up at the same time.

"I *knew* them before I met them," you admit. You fumble for Mami's hand, interlacing your fingers and squeezing *tight* in reassurance. "I knew all of you. Mami, and Homura, Sayaka, Hitomi... and yes, you, Madoka. I knew Oriko and Kirika and a handful of others as well."

Madoka makes a squeaking little noise, eyes going absolute huge and twisting her fingers together nervously.

You hold up one hand - the other one's in a vise grip around Mami's. "Not... not so in depth, just... I knew who everyone was, when I woke up in that alley. I-" you swallow. "I knew you. Sayaka... everyone. It was a... shock, I'll say that much. I knew of all of you, but I didn't remember anything behind me."

You bite your lip. You're... you're not quite worried about that. And that's something that's rather odd, isn't it? You're vaguely aware that anyone who had amnesia of their past would probably be panicking, trying to find out anything they could about it, but you... didn't. It's a thought you harbour at the back of your mind and wonder about every now and then, but it's nothing you dwell on.

You're worried that you're *not* worried, you guess. You're worried that you don't feel *lost* for not having a past or anything. And that's rather odd, if interestingly recursive.

"Y-yeah," you say. You choose not to voice those thoughts. Not now, maybe. "I- I know Oriko and Kirika too, and... I *know* they can be better. And I-" You swallow thickly. "I know that *Sayaka*, at least, might do something that, that she can't take back, so I chose not to tell her at the time. But..."

You blow out a breath, lowering your head. "I chose wrongly, I suppose. I made her angry, and I'm... just bothered by it."

Mami's half turned, by this point, giving up any pretense of doing anything but hugging you tight, face buried against your shoulder. And on Homura's face are faint traces of worry, set in the lines around her mouth and the downturn of her lips. Worry directed at *you*, sharp attention directed at Madoka.

Madoka...

Madoka looks *thoughtful*. Her fingers have stilled entirely, gaze fixed on you.

"You didn't choose wrongly, Sabrina," Madoka says, voice strong and clear. "I think you did the best thing you could have, and..." She looks down at her lap for a second. "Sayaka's my friend, but I don't think you're wrong."

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Hmm.
