# On a Rail pt. 37

Relief hits you, almost a sledgehammer blow. Or, well, maybe a soft, comforting pillow. It's... well, it *is* a relief, somehow, to have Madoka absolve your actions.

Your mind being what it is, you can't help doubting. Not... not Madoka, of course, you trust her. You absolutely do, but... She doesn't have *that* much context. Is she really able to absolve you, like that? And she's Madoka, of course she'd forgive you, but-

That's not completely true, is it? She's just as human as you are, and... that can't have been easy to say about her best friend, to *you*, a relative stranger.

You let out a shuddering breath. "Thanks, Madoka, just... thanks," you say. "I..."

Sharp on the heels of relief comes unease, a frission of fear streaking down your spine like febrile fingers carressing your spine. There's... there *was* something, like the feeling when you bite into ice and it squeaks on your teeth. It happened in the past, but you only noticed it *now*.

You bite back on the rising edge of panic, schooling your face into immobility. No. It's just a voice, nothing that can harm you. Instead, you shake your head, raising a hand to draw attention away from your expression. "Cleansing, everyone?"

You've... not-heard the not-voice before. When you were fighting Elsa Maria, for one, and that was the point where Sayaka was *shifted* into a Witch's Barrier after you messed with making your *own* Barrier. You don't even know who -or *what*- did that. Dedolere? Feathers? One and the same?

You'll need to check on your friends once the timestop talk is over. But not here, and not now.

You manage to smile at your friends as you cleanse everyone's Soul Gems. You don't think anyone noticed your brief panic. A generous handful all around, from Homura's, from Mami's, from your own. You send the Grief billowing out of the open window to join the main mass you hid on the roof - not like you're going to disturb Tomohisa's perfect garden with grief, after all.

"Hope that feels better?" Madoka says, watching your Soul Gem with anxious eyes as you revert it to a ring.

"Yeah," you say, smiling and rolling your shoulders. This dislodges Mami, so you pull her back into your hug, leaning your head against hers.

Affection comes easily to you. You're a very... touchy-feely person, yeah, but... Mostly with Mami. Sure, you give out hugs to all your friends, but mostly Mami, closely followed by Homura. And you kind of want to give Madoka a hug too, just to even things up. But...

Mami.

Yes, it's comfortable. It's comforting, just being with her. It's nice to hug her, to have someone close to you, to have someone supporting you. Certainly she's your best friend, and perhaps even closer, but... Her emotional dependence on you.

"Sabrina?" Madoka prompts. "Are you alright?"

Of course, you can't talk about it here. Not in front of Mami, at any rate, Madoka as your de facto counsellor or not.

"Yeah, just thinking," you deflect. "I... can I tell you more about the situation? With Oriko and Kirika, and Hitomi and Sayaka?"

Madoka nods, wringing her fingers together. "I... I don't really know about all this magic and stuff, but I can listen?"

Ah, Madoka. Spine of steel, self-worth of a cooked, floppy noodle.

Well, that's a bit mean.

"Well... The thing I was most afraid of was that Sayaka might have made a Wish on the spot to go after Oriko, when she found out," you say, swallowing a little. "I... well, I know that she might do this kind of thing impulsively. And depending on the kind of Wish she made, she might have twisted her own mindset irrevocably."

"That's terrible!" Madoka says, flinching back. "I- are you sure, Sabrina?"

"Yeah," you say. "It's unfortunately true. A Wish *can* twist your mind, if you make the wrong Wish. I know at least one magical girl who did that. Maybe two." If you count Akiko, that is. Jury's still out on that one, really, but you'll get to check on her tomorrow.

Madoka bites her lip, looking down for a second. "How- how *do* you know? All this? You... you said you knew all of us?"

"Yeah," you admit with a heavy sigh. "I don't know. I woke up in that alleyway - you were there, and I have *nothing* beyond that. I don't remember *anything* of a past life, if I even had one. Magic being what it is..."

You shrug again. You *know* that magic can outright *create* people from nothing. Of course, the one example you know of is from Asunaro, and also questionably sane. Though she did, in fact, Wish Good.

"It doesn't matter," Mami says, shifting so that she can look up at you. "It doesn't *matter*, Sabrina, you're here *now*." And then her expression crumples, certainty disappearing. "Right?"

"Yeah!" Madoka agrees. "We're glad you're here, Sabrina!"

"Right," you say, smiling warmly at Mami and hugging her tighter. You can't help but feel a pang at the *fear* on her face. "I'm not leaving you, Mami, for anything."

Mami makes a low, worried noise, and buries herself in the curve of your hug, pressing close. You hold her close, stroking her hair gently.

"I don't... my past isn't something that worries me," you admit. "I *do* have friends and things to accomplish here and now. My past... I can look it up sometime, I guess, and I do worry a little that I *don't* worry about it. I mean, most people would just freak out about not having a past, right?" You shake your head. "But... I have friends, and all of you are important."

Madoka nods enthusiastically. You spare a glance for Homura, who's been quiet this entire time - but all she does is nod at you, gaze steady.

Heh. She doesn't care about where you came from. She wouldn't, really.

"Then what *is* bothering you?" Madoka asks.

"Heh," you say. "It's no one thing. It's more like... there are so many secrets, like this one, the fact that I feel like I'm, I'm, responsible, I guess, for every messed up situation I come across. I want to *fix* everything, and it's... a lot to handle. Then there's future plans that I have. I don't just want magical girls around *here* to live well. I mean, I do want to make sure Mami- make sure *everyone's* happy, but that's the point. *Everyone*."

You take a breath, shifting your hug around Mami. "I don't- well, then, the problem becomes Grief socioeconomics. Or Grief sociopolitics. Which is kind of a huge mess. And I... I guess I'm making inroads on all that so far, but, uh. It's a lot to handle, and it's kind of stressful."

"Have you ever thought about delegating?" Homura asks, a ghost of a smirk flickering across her mouth.

"Do *you* have any room to talk there?" you ask, and promptly stick your tongue out at Homura.

Madoka giggles. "It *does* sound like you need help, Sabrina," she says. "Um."

"Heh, sorry," you say. "I didn't mean to unload it all on you. And I suppose it's nothing new, just... Bah. Thanks for listening, all of you." You smile around at everyone, particularly at Mami.

She cuddles against your side, arms locked tight around your waist.

"I didn't do much," Madoka protests.

"You listened," you counter. "That's plenty. I don't... I don't expect to find any easy solutions for all of this, you know? I *kind* of know what needs to be done, and it's all very much one step at a time. It's just that there's a lot of it, and having it all together is a burden."

Mami stirs, and peers up at you. "I'll help," she says firmly.

"I know," you say with a warm smile. "I- well, it helps. It helps, just having you around."

You sigh, and relax as Mami shifts closer so that you're hip to hip.

"Well, um..." Madoka says. "What did you mean by Grief socio-economics?"

"Basically, Grief Seed distribution," you say. "Magical girls fight over them, because we need them to live. I'm the exception to the rule, because of my powers, and I've been able to create these Clear Seeds. Um. They're basically Grief Seeds that will last *years*, as opposed to normal ones that last maybe a week or two."

Madoka cocks her head. "And you want to distribute them?" she asks.

"Or something *like* them," you agree. "Ideally, something that isn't dependent on *me*, and not dependent on Witches. I want magical girls to be *freed* from having to rely on Witches. And, uh, I'm not *absolutely* sure Clear Seeds are safe, yet."

"I see," Madoka says. "So you're worried about magical girls fighting over them, and, um, nobody would hunt Witches any more, right?"

"Yeah. And of course, I need *time* to do all this, which... heh," you say with a nod at Homura. Walpurgisnacht. "Well, I'm not going to impose on Homura's powers *too* much, right? And there are more immediate things to handle, too."

"Ah..." Madoka says. "W-well, I believe in you, Sabrina. You can do it!"

"I will," you say, flashing her a smile. "Thanks, Madoka. And-" You raise a hand and poke Mami's cheek, smiling. "I know, Mami. Thank *you*, too."

She blushes, and closes her mouth with a nod.

You relax with a sigh. Dear Madokami, but it's nice to actually *vent*.

There's a... topic you've been skating around. More than a few, you suppose, considering how you'd just skated right over Walpurgisnacht, but Feathers, in particular. You haven't brought it up at all, and you're sort of reluctant to do so with that *voice* so freshly present.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

What next?
