# On a Rail pt. 38

You blow out a hard breath, and smile at Homura. "I... think I'm done," you say. "Thank you so much for... letting me impose on you, Homura. You didn't have to let me, but I really appreciate it."

Homura gives you a shallow, careful nod. "No problem," she says, expression neutral as she reaches for her shield and cranks it sharply.

Colour and noise return with a sharp gasp of time turning once more on its axis. The brilliant hues of the Kanames' living room flood back in, painting the chairs and rug and walls and decorations with vivid light, the rushing sound of flowing water mingling with the distant hum of the city.

Madoka makes a startled noise, glancing around her living room. "So cool..."

Mami gestures, and the golden ribbon dissolves. A nova of purple light fills the room, signalling Homura's detransformation, and you avert your eyes just as she reaches up and starts to sweep her hand through her hair.

Instead, you turn your attention to Mami, giving her a warm smile. "I'm alright," you say. "Really, I am."

"Alright," she says, returning the smile and leaning against you.

"Ah!" Madoka says, perking up and turning her attention to Homura. "Homura, how are *you*?"

"I'm fine," Homura says, doing that slow, nonplussed blink she has. It's *amazing* how much emotion she can convey with that look. Of course, knowing her, you can see the slight tension humming in her body, strung tight. Trying not to lose control.

Of course, Madoka being Madoka, the look completely fails to deter her. She beams at Homura. "That's great! Did you put the leftovers away at home?"

Homura hesitates for a second before responding. "No. I keep them in my shield."

"Eh?" Madoka blinks in surprise.

You grin, and tune out a little as Homura reluctantly explains that her shield will keep the food fresh, with a little prodding from Madoka. You beam at Mami, nestled comfortably against your side.

That's one thing. You need to check on your friends - that voice is *worrying*, and the last time it happened, Sayaka got dumped into a Witch Barrier, defenseless and Witch Kissed. "*Sayaka?*" you murmur, reaching out across the aether.

"*Gah, what?*" Sayaka responds. "*God I hate you. I hurt *everywhere* now.*" A light tone belies her harsh words, so you don't read *too* much into it.

"*First, you can heal those aches away,*" you point out, relief flooding you. She's fine, then. "*Second, how was the training?*"

"*I haaaate you and that red-headed demon,*" Sayaka moans. "*She said that wasn't even training and that was just venting.*"

"*So it went pretty well, then?*" you guess. Madoka starts talking to Homura about... iPods, of all things. Huh.

"*Mnnnarghrgh,*" Sayaka complains. "*Was good to blow off steam, I guess. She said she wanted you to pay her first, though.*"

"*Yeah, she's been on the streets for a while,*" you say. "*And she's looking out for herself and Yuma. I can understand her being wary.*"

Sayaka snorts. "*Of *you*? I mean, I have to agree with her. You're the nicest goody-two-shoes there is.*"

"*Meh,*" you say. It sounds hopeful, though. They'd talked, and... Sayaka seems to have forgiven you. "*Anyway, I'll settle that. Hope you're looking forward to actually training with her?*"

"*Mnnngh,*" Sayaka grumbles. "*I can see *why* you want me to.*"

"*Alright, good,*" you say, suppressing a grin.

Mami notices, even if you're trying to hide your amusement. She peers up at you, blinking curiously. You grin back. "*I'm talking to Sayaka,*" you murmur to her. "*And I'm going to tease her about Kqyuriko\~*"

A flash of a smile appears on her face, and before she can even ask, you're already extending the mental call to include Mami. "*Anyway, I just wanted to check in on you,*" you say without missing a beat. "*Also, hey, check in on your cru\~ush\~?*"

"*Eeh?*" Sayaka squeaks, her mental voice going up an octave. "*Why?*"

"*Oh, I'm just making sure to check in on everyone I know before I head home,*" you say innocently. Butter wouldn't melt in your mouth.

Mami is *much* better at holding her amusement in than you are, only the crinkling around her eyes giving her away. And you only notice because you're privileged enough to be sitting right by her, her head tucked against your shoulder like it belongs there.

"*Uh, um,*" Sayaka says. "*Right, uh, yeah. I can do that. It's a good time to do that, right? Making sure he's alright after all that food.*"

"*Yup!*" you agree. "*You have an *excuse* to talk to him\~*"

Sayaka makes an inarticulate noise and closes the connection. You break into a fit of giggles, prompting Mami to start giggling too, drawing stares from Madoka and Homura.

"We're teasing Sayaka about Kywuskiko," you manage by way of explanation. "Trying to get her to check on them."

"Ah!" Madoka says, beaming.

"He would make a terrible boyfriend," Homura says, voice utterly dry. This earns her an exceptionally startled look from Madoka.

"Um..." Madoka starts twiddling her fingers against her fingers. "He's a bit... enthusiastic about his music?"

"That's putting it mildly," you admit, swallowing a snicker. Understatement of the year right there, Madoka. Even in your memories-that-aren't, you recall him neglecting his girlfriend entirely, until Hitomi... pulled the equivalent of a non-puella magi Witching out and spawned a Nightmare.

Or something. *That* particular segment happened in Homura's Witch Barrier -which is *never* going to come about on your watch- and was about as strange as you'd expect.

Speaking of Hitomi, you should check in on her, too. You tug your phone out from your pocket and fire off a simple message, making sure that she's fine.

Madoka pouts. "Maybe he'll be better if he gets a girlfriend?"

"He doesn't seem the type?" Mami says with a nod at Homura. "More worried about his art than anything."

Your phone buzzes with a response from Hitomi. She's fine, and mildly puzzled by your sudden solicitude. But that's good. She hasn't been attacked by Feathers or something. Which, heh, when you put it that way, sounds rather silly.

You kind of wish that Feathers were just a puella magi or just a Witch or something. A Witch you can fight, even uncommonly powerful ones. A fellow magical girl, you can also fight. You're exceptionally good at that, even. You could just fill their Soul Gem up with Grief and *what are you thinking-*

You clamp down on *that* thought. Think about something else- think about something calming. Mami. Mami, whose elegance and pure, bold *élan* manages to take your breath away. Mami, who is living proof that you can change things. For the better, mostly, even as you stumble and trip and struggle and *try*, but Mami is alive and well.

You blow out a breath, just... soaking that in. Mami's warm and comfortable and alive, tucked into your side, and you're here just chatting with your friends. Even Homura's here, talking to Madoka. Intrusive, unpleasant thoughts aside... You're fine.

"... I think they would make a cute couple!" Madoka says.

"That shouldn't be the only reason, Madoka," Mami chides with a smile to take the sting off her words. "Right, Sabrina?"

You smile at Mami, taking her hand between both of yours. She closes her fingers around yours and squeezes lightly.

You're alright.

"Yeah," you agree. "To be fair, they probably would, just... I have to admit I worry about his, ah, commitment."

Footsteps come down the stairs, preceding the arrival of the tallest man you've ever met. Not that that's... hah. Not that that's a *high* bar to clear. "Whose commitment?" Tomohisa calls, peering around as he enters the living room. His hair's still a damp, dark pink, presumably from having bathed Tatsuya and put him to bed. "Ah, girl talk. Never mind, then! I'll be making supper now, would you girls like to stay?"

Supper? Your surprise must show on your face - and you see it on Mami's too. Tomohisa laughs. "Junko will be home soon, and hungry. Corporate dinners aren't fun. I think... hm, miso soup with tuna teriyaki?"

Mami squeezes your hand lightly, turning her gaze to you in a wordless question.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Homeward bound, or sticking around a little longer?
