# A Red Letter Day pt. 2

You stab an accusing finger at Sayaka. "You realise, of course," you drawl. "This means war."

Sayaka's grin widens, giggles still bubbling. "Nah, it already was," she answers.

You flop back and sit on the mattress. Mami makes a sleepy, grumbly noise, and shifts so that she can wrap her arms around your waist without getting up.

"What time is it anyway, Sayaka?" you ask, scrubbing at your eyes with the heel of your palm.

Sayaka shrugs. "Nine?" she squints at the wall. "Eight forty-five."

You snort. "Well, I win anyway," you riposte. "You had to get up early, of your own volition, on a *Sunday* for this, Miki 'I don't do mornings' Sayaka."

Sayaka makes a face. "I didn't even get up myself. Madoka woke up first. Er. Homura woke up *first* first and Madoka was worried because she was missing. Then she stepped on me."

"Gah," you say, mouth twisting. "I *told* her to get some proper sleep. Hope... Well, I hope they're both doing OK."

"Nah," Sayaka says, flapping her hand at you and propping the other on her hip. "They're fine. We found Homura doing her vampire thing outside. 'Keeping watch', apparently."

"That's what I was afraid of," you grumble. "She better have gotten some sleep."

Sayaka shrugs. "Mr. Kaname's making breakfast, by the way," she offers.

"Aw, I wanted to help," you say. "Mmm... Ah, well."

"You can still help if you hurry, but I don't think you can get up," Sayaka says with an amused smirk.

"Mmmnm," Mami agrees, tightening her arms around your waist.

You huff in fond amusement. "Probably," you agree.

Sayaka rolls her eyes, already turning away. "Figured. I'll go see what Madoka's up to."

Mami clings tighter with a pleased noise as Sayaka leaves the room.

"You're not asleep," you observe to Mami.

"... No," Mami admits. Her voice is kind of muffled by the way she nuzzles her face against your side. "Sayaka woke me up."

"Mmm," you agree, walking your fingers through Mami's hair. It's so *soft*, and neither you nor Mami have any intention of getting up for a bit. So you luxuriate in having slept in, just a bit, and you luxuriate in Mami's presence.

You're interrupted a few minutes later by measured footsteps coming up the stairs. Homura, who pulls the door open and blinks slowly at you. "Breakfast will be ready soon," she says.

"'morning, Homura," you say, narrowing your eyes at her. "Did you sleep well?"

Her lips twitch a little. "Eight hours?" she affirms.

"Really?" you ask.

"Yes," she says. "Eight hours."

"Right," you say. You should probably take her at her word.

You should also probably get up, but there's a Mami wrapped around your waist. You nudge her gently. "Mami, breakfast? Mr. Kaname cooked."

"Dunwanna," Mami responds eloquently.

You poke her in the cheek. "Maaaami," you say. "Wakey wakey\~"

Mami sighs, blowing a puff of air at your finger as her eyes flicker open. She smiles warmly at you.

"'morning, Mami," you say, smiling back. "Awake now, are we?"

"Can I say no?" she asks.

You shrug.

She sighs again, and pushes herself up to a seated position before slowly levering herself upright. Her hair isn't quite a *mess*, far from it, but it's certainly a touch unkempt and definitely not curled into her traditional drills. It falls down her back in soft, golden waves that invite you to run your fingers through them - and so you do, combing it as best as you can with your fingers, drawing a pleased noise from Mami.

A quiet snort draws your breath to the door - Homura standing there with her *perfect* hair.

You meet her eyes, quirking an eyebrow. "You know, I think I asked you before, but what *do* you do with your hair?" you ask. "I know, just shampoo and water, but... man, you *did* sleep last night, right?"

Homura nods.

"And you didn't have to do anything for your hair?" you ask. *Your* hair is perpetually a bit messy, locks eternally straying. Especially if you've just gone flying.

"I took a shower?" Homura says. "And I combed my hair."

"That's so unfair," Mami complains, still rubbing sleep from her eyes. "*I* need to brush and take care of my hair properly."

"Right?" you agree, shaking your head. "Your hair is bullshit pretty, Homura. I refuse to believe magic isn't involved someho..." You trail off, frowning.

Homura *did* Wish to become someone who could protect Madoka. Maybe looking cool came as part of her personal Wish package.

... Nah.

"Sabrina?" Mami prompts, giving you a curious look.

"No, just a stray thought," you say. "Anyway, shall we?"

"Let's," Mami agrees, hopping to her feet. You accept her offered hand with a smile, letting her pull you up.

Homura leads the way down the stairs. Halfway down the stairs, you hear a door slamming open, followed by very loud squawking. Junko stumbles out of her bedroom to join the raucous breakfast table a few minutes later. A normal morning at the Kanames', probably.

Well, mostly normal. Sayaka's right at home here - she chats with Madoka *and* Junko. Tomohisa, too. You spend a few minutes to coo over Tatsuya, who is *adorable* and seems to delight more in smearing syrup all over his face rather than in eating.

"Oh, that reminds me, Sayaka," you say in between bites of deliciously fluffy pancakes. "What was in that toolbox you brought over?"

"Eh? Oh, it's, uh, *Dark Heresy*," Sayaka says, using the English words. "Plus *Space Hulk*. Uh... have you heard of that?"

"Huh, really?" you say, brightening. "Wouldn't have pegged you for the type."

"They're pretty cool," Sayaka says with a shrug that tries for casual.

You purse your lips. "Hmm..." you say. "Lemme guess. Space Marines? Please don't say Ultramarines."

"They were cool before uh, what's his name, got his hands on them!" Sayaka says with a scowl.

"Matt Ward," you say. "And eh... They were kind of... vanilla?"

"Yeah, but they were the good guys!" Sayaka says.

"Excuse you, what about the Salamanders?" you ask, quirking an eyebrow.

"Ehhh," Sayaka say, flapping a hand at you. "I guess. They all look cool, anyway."

You snort, slicing up some pancake. "Yeah, they do, at that."

Madoka pouts. "I don't like the game much," she says. "I- um, the game is fun! But the world is awful!"

"It is," Sayaka says with a frown. "But they're so cool."

"Make your own version of the story," you say, smiling and waving a pancake-laden fork at them. Mami smiles at you. "There's no reason you can't tell a different story with the same pieces, right?"

"Mmmhm!" Sayaka agrees.

And that's that. With breakfast out of the way, you all laze around Madoka's room for a little longer - it's not like you'd expected this and brought your toothbrushes over. You'll have to go home for that.

Even Homura seems content to lounge around, relaxing in one of the many, many chairs Madoka has sitting around.

"So," you say, rolling belly down on the mattress so you can prop your chin up on your hands. "Today I'm going to be meeting Bennouna and doing a cleansing trip."

Mami shifts, bumping up beside you, and you give her a smile. She still has her hair down, which is actually a pretty good look on her. Not her *trademark* appearance, but she looks good. Then again, she looks good anyway.

"Um?" Madoka says, blinking at you.

"Out of town magical girl," you explain. "She travels between cities, carrying news from place to place."

"Oh!" Madoka brightens. "That sounds wonderful!"

"It is a rather important service, yeah," you agree. "But yeah. Sayaka, do you want to come along for that? I'm kind of wondering if you can hold more than one power at a time, or maybe store them - and actually that's something I'm kind of wondering, if you could enchant a power into something reusable or something like that."

A slowly growing grin splits Sayaka's face. "That sounds *amazing*."

"Right?" you say. "The thing is, thanks to Mami, we know that magical girls tend to be able to create enchantment that ties closer to their own powers easier. So I'm thinking *you* might be able to do that." That earns you a warm smile from Mami.

Sayaka nods eagerly. "Yeah, I wanna come," she says.

"Right," you say, snapping your fingers. "And also? We're meeting a teleporter. That means *you* get to be a tactical genius too!"

"But-" Sayaka's eyes narrow, and then widen in faked surprise as she throws her hands up. "CREEEEED!"

You laugh at the blank looks on everyone's faces. "It's a joke from Sayaka's game," you note by way of explanation.

"Mmhm," Sayaka agrees.

"We should go home first," Mami notes. "We... do need to change."

You look down at yourself, still dressed in one of Tomohisa's old shirts. "Yeah, true," you say. "Sayaka? When's good for you?"

"When's good for *you*?" Sayaka counters.

You shrug, glancing to Mami. "Maybe... in an hour?" Mami suggests. "Ah, Madoka, Homura, what about you?"

Madoka scratches her head. "Ah... I can come along?" she says. "If you want?"

"It might be dangerous," Homura says, voice sharp.

Madoka quails.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

And a good day to you, too.
