# A Red Letter Day pt. 3

You sit up and wave your hands, almost on instinct. The motion draws Homura's glare from Mami to you, and you hold your hands up, meeting her eyes with what you hope is an open appeal on your face.

"It *would* be great to have both of you along to meet Bennouna, if you want to come," you say, still holding Homura's gaze. You're not quite staring her down - but you're trying to convey your reassurance. It'll be OK. "It should be safe. *But.*"

You turn to Madoka. "Maybe when peace has settled in?" you say. "When the trips become... mmm, routine. Right now, we don't know for sure what these girls are like, or how it'll go."

Madoka nods tremulously. "O-ok," she says. "Um... will you be alright?"

"Yeah," you say, giving her an encouraging smile. "Not to put too fine a point on it, but Mami, Homura, and I are probably some of the most powerful puella magi around. Though speaking of which..."

You turn back to Homura. She seems to have relaxed a tiny hair, though she's still glaring at you. "Madoka, Homura? Could I ask you to hold the fort, here in Mitakihara? While the rest of the team is away? Bennouna seems peaceable and... more than that, she's neutral. But the other cities..."

"A-ah! Of course!" Madoka says, before looking down. "I don't know how much help I'll be, though..."

Homura's jaw tightens. You can see the wheels turning in her head as she processes what you said.

"Fine," she says at last, tone flat and expressionless.

"Alright," you say, smiling at her. "Thanks for understanding, Homura."

Her lips compress into a flat line. She's clearly not *happy* about it, but willing to accept it.

Madoka nods in determination. "We won't let you down!" she says. "Ah... Am I part of the team?"

"'course you are!" Sayaka declares with a grin. "Jeeze, Homura, lighten up a little. You too, Sabrina. Madoka can't kick ass as hard, so she doesn't go where we might need to kick ass, right?"

"Right, Sayaka," Mami says with a smile. She rolls over and tugs your arm over to her so that she can hug it. "It doesn't have to be complicated."

"Well, yeah," you say with a shrug. "Anyway... Well, we'll meet back up in an hour?"

"Where?" Sayaka wants to know, pushing blue hair out of her eyes. "Your place?"

"Uh... I'm fine with that. Mami?" you give your friend a smile.

Mami taps her lips in consideration. "Maybe we should check with Miss Bennouna?" she says. "I'm not sure when she arrives, it might be faster for us to meet back here to pick Madoka up?"

"That works," you say, giving Mami a warm smile. "Can you help me check that? Sayaka, Homura, can I offer you two a lift home?"

Mami gives you a warm smile, sitting up. "I'll be just a moment."

"Yeah, that'd be nice," Sayaka says.

"That won't be necessary," Homura responds, tilting her head slightly.

Which you take to mean she isn't actually going anywhere.

Ah, well. Baby steps.

You hum quietly, slipping an arm around Mami's waist as you wait for her to finish the call. She really has the most beautifully soft hair. You can't resist the urge to run your fingers through it, soft strands curling around your fingers. Bunched up, they sort of remind you of noodles, for some reason.

You *do* resist the urge to start chewing on her hair, no matter how adorably confused her reaction would probably be.

"She says she'll arrive at eleven or so, and wants to know if an early lunch is alright?" Mami says.

"Food, food, food," Sayaka groans. "Is this a magical girl thing, or are you trying to fatten me up for slaughter."

"No, I'm trying to fatten up Homura," you say with a perfectly straight face. "She's too thin."

Sayaka raises a finger, and pauses before giving Homura a considering look. Homura glares back. Sayaka lowers the finger.

"Ok, fine, I can't argue with that," Sayaka concedes.

Homura gives you a supremely unimpressed look.

Mami giggles, wrapping her arms around one of yours again. "Shall we?"

"Yeah," you say, giving Madoka a grin as you stand. "Thanks for having us over, Madoka... actually, could I have a moment?"

"Ah? Sure!" Madoka blinks at you, surprised.

You give Mami a smile. "I'll be right along, alright?"

She nods, smiling back warmly, and detaches herself from your arm. "Alright\~" she says, and heads out the door along with Sayaka and Homura.

You turn a bright, beaming smile on Madoka as the door closes. "Thank you," you say fervently, meeting her soft, pink eyes.

"E-eh?" Madoka startles on her chair, fiddling with her hands. She jumps to her feet, standing in front of you uncertainly. "It was nothing."

"No, not the sleepover," you say. "Well, that too. I had a *lot* of fun, Madoka. I don't..." You shake your head. "Heh. You know my story - this is my first sleepover, I guess. It's *wonderful* to be able to just hang out with my friends, you know?"

Madoka smiles a little. "It was good having you here, Sabrina."

"But more than that," you say. "It's just... normal is nice. Normal, away from magical politics and Witches and fighting and all that. And you even invited Sayaka, too. That was great, and... you're a Good Friend." You take care to pronounce the capital letters.

"Eh?" Madoka says. "I just didn't want Sayaka to be left out, or be jealous that she was left out when she was upset."

"And that *does* make you a good friend, Madoka," you say with a smile. "*I* didn't think of that."

You hesitate for a second before taking a step forward and pulling her into a quick hug. "You're a good person. *That's* what makes you special."

"I'm not," Madoka protests. She does hug you back, though.

"You are," you insist, pulling back a little. "Trust me. I manipulate one of the very essences of human emotion, and I know Good People when I see one." You wink at her.

Madoka pouts. "If you say so."

"Speaking of friends," you say, stepping back properly. "Do me a favour. Point the friendship cannons at Homura? It'd be good for her, I think."

Madoka looks almost *affronted*, her eyebrows drawing together. "You don't need to tell me *that*, Sabrina. Homura's my friend, too."

"Sorry," you say. "I- yeah, fair enough. Sorry, Madoka."

Madoka smiles at you, patting your shoulder. She has to reach up to do so. "It's alright. Thank you for coming today."

"Good to be here," you say, smiling back at her. That done, you head out with Madoka, finding Mami chatting with Sayaka downstairs, while Homura engages in a staring match with Takkun. The toddler seems absolutely *fascinated* with Homura's hair.

For good reason, you suppose.

You say your goodbyes, thanking the elder Kanames for hosting your impromptu little sleepover. It's waved off, of course. Homura walks with you out of the house, even essaying a little wave to Madoka before she leaves, and turns in the opposite direction Sayaka, Mami, and yourself are going.

Which is a shame, because... you *did* want to talk to her. Ah, well.

A few minutes later, you're airborne, flying on a small disc of Grief with Mami claiming one of your arms for a hug and Sayaka sitting behind you. Following behind you is a dark, rippling cloud of Grief in hundreds of spheres, probably enough to be visible from the ground even this high up.

"So you know," you call over the wind. "I had a thought."

"Oh?" Mami asks, cuddling your arm closer.

You switch to telepathy, including Sayaka. You'd *felt* rather than heard Mami's curiosity, mumbled against your arm. "*So... I'm pretty sure magic is at least somewhat conceptual in nature,*" you say. "*Things hurt Witches because they are Things That Hurt Witches. So, for example, Sayaka wouldn't do as much damage to a Witch if she just picked up a regular sword and started swinging it.*"

"*Hm...*" Mami says, considering that. "*I suppose? I've never had occasion to test it.*"

"*We might ask Homura,*" you note as you bank the flight disc in a lazy curve around a particularly tall antenna. "*She does use the most mundane weaponry out of all of us.*"

"*That's true,*" Mami agrees.

"*So...*" Sayaka says, sounding confused.

"*Well. If the effect is *conceptual*; a weapon hurts Witches *because* it's something that hurts Witches, then it would kind of follow that *naming* an attack actually makes it better,*" you say. "*Because... if it has a name, then it's something...*" You wave the hand not being cuddled by Mami. "*It's something *specific*. Am I making any sense?*"

Mami blinks, and straightens up to stare at you. "*Do you think so?*"

"*Maybe? It's... it's not even a *theory*, it's just a hypothesis,*" you say.

"*But hypotheses need testing,*" Mami says, a slow grin spreading across her face. The both of you twist about to look at Sayaka, who buries her face in her hands.

"*Really?*" she grumbles.

"*Hey, *I* name my attacks,*" you say. "*With Mami's help! Besides, c'mon, it's cool to have a name you can yell out!*"

"*... maybe just a little,*" Sayaka admits. "*When I have a move worth *naming*, anyway.*"

"*With all luck, you'll pick up a few neat skills today,*" you say, facing forward again and directing the disc to rise over a building. "*You've got a *fantastic* powerset, Sayaka. It just needs a bit of buildup.*"

Mami nods in agreement.

Sayaka grumbles. "*... Do you think 'Tactical Genius' would be too on the nose if I work out something with teleporting?*"

"*Nope, not at all,*" you snicker.

The three of you chat quietly until it's time to drop Sayaka off, and then it's just you and Mami, coasting in a comfortable silence. "*Mami?*"

"*Mm, Sabrina?*" she asks.

"*Do you want to fly home?*" you ask, giving her a soft smile.

"*I'd love to,*" Mami says.

You beam at her, and stand, offering her your hand as you bring the flight disc to a halt. You should have more than enough height here for Mami to glide home. She lets you pull her to her feet, facing you with a smile on her face.

"*Ready?*" you breathe.

"*Ready,*" Mami responds.

And you dissolve the platform.

Mami's hand leaves yours as you both fall - you both need the distance for your wingspans. But you can turn your head just far enough to catch Mami's eye and smile at her as golden ribbon ripples out behind her, the bright counterpart to the tears in reality of your forming wings.

Golden wings billow out to full, and she catches the wind with a smooth stroke. You swoop up to her on dark wings, a huge grin splitting your face.

She grins back, and angles her wings to match speeds with you, wingtips just brushing yours.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

The next update will carry you through to meeting up again. There will be about an hour free before Bennouna arrives and expects to meet.
