# A Red Letter Day pt. 5

You exhale, smiling gently at Mami as you wrap your arm around her.

"Is it time to go?" she asks.

"Mm," you agree. Instead of getting up, though, you tighten your arm around her. "I want more snuggles."

"Sabrina?" Mami giggles.

"I need to be all professional for the meeting later," you say mournfully. "So I want more hugs right now to make up for it."

"Ah," Mami says, nodding solemnly. "That makes sense." She nuzzles her nose into the crook of your neck. "Better?"

"Much," you agree.

You spend a few minutes like that before sighing and stirring. "Alright. We really should go."

You leave the apartment by the roof, flying on a disc of Grief - you *do* need to pick up Sayaka on the way, of course. And you do just that, with a quick stop on the roof of her apartment before heading over to Madoka's house where Homura and Madoka are both already waiting.

"Over here!" you call from the little copse of trees where you'd landed the disc. It's just out of sight of the main road, or Madoka's house.

"Ah?" Madoka says, looking around in bafflement. Homura, of course, spots you immediately, pointing you out. They walk over.

You grin around at everyone as Madoka takes tentative steps up onto your disc of Grief. You'd widened it just for the occasion, raising the lip more for Madoka's benefit than anyone else's. "All aboard Mitakihara Meguca Airlines, flight SA-003," you say cheerfully.

"Dork," Sayaka snorts, rolling her eyes. "Hey, Madoka, Homura."

"Hi, Sayaka!" Madoka says happily, beaming at her friend as she gingerly sits down. She looks down at the Grief with a slightly worried look.

"Hello," Homura says as she seats herself at the back of the disc.

"Everyone seated and ready?" you call over your shoulder. "Mami, where are we going?"

"A cafe downtown," Mami says, smiling at you over the chorus of affirmatives.

"All right. Here we go!" you say, and lift the disc into the air. Madoka yelps in surprise, clinging to the raised side. She leans cautiously over the edge, Homura keeping a sharp eye on her as Madoka peers at the receding ground.

"We're so high up," Madoka breathes in awe.

... You've barely cleared the surrounding houses.

Mami giggles. "Have you ever flown before, Madoka?"

"Ah, yes, I went to London for a holiday once!" Madoka says. "Um... it was a holiday for papa and me, but it was mama's business trip. I was only seven!"

"Ooh, very nice," you opine. "Did you visit the palace?"

"I did!" Madoka says, beaming. "It was very nice."

Sayaka chimes in, and the conversation flows onwards after that. It's not a terribly long trip, but you have time to consider the notion of cross-continental flight. You could probably do it - you could probably do it at supersonic speeds, even. You could be in Italy for dinner with Mami if you wanted to.

Well, probably not *today's* dinner. You'll probably be busy then.

But perhaps tomorrow, or the day after... it might be nice to take Mami there. She'd love it, you're sure.

All too soon, you have to redirect the Grief disc in for a landing. Rather than land on a convenient roof, you spend a moment to search for a secluded alley. It's not like Madoka can jump down with the rest of you, after all. You *do* stash your Grief on the roof, though. You're not really sure where else to put it.

"So, Mami, are we on time?" you ask as you step off, beaming at her and detransforming. You're left wearing a nice, button-down shirt and slacks in white and green, and you check your phone for the time.

"We're early," Mami says, flashing you a smile.

"Ah, neat," you say, draping an arm around Mami. "Shall we find a table at the cafe first?"

"Sure," Mami responds, and all of you proceed to invade the cafe. It's a western style affair, with umbrella-covered tables outside. You claim a large round table and order drinks - a hot chocolate for yourself, and for Mami, to your mild surprise.

Mami wrinkles her nose in response to your questioning look. "They use *teabags* here," she murmurs quietly.

You laugh. "Fair enough."

"What's wrong with teabags?" Sayaka asks, rolling her eyes. She'd ordered a milkshake.

Mami purses her lips. "Sabrina, do you know this person?"

"Who?" you ask, tipping your nose up.

"... hey!" Sayaka protests.

Madoka starts to giggle, patting Sayaka on the shoulder, while Homura just looks faintly exasperated.

Someone enters your edge of detection. She's-

*Woah*.

She is *loaded* with magic.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"Bennouna's here," you say, tilting your head. "Uh... she uses a *lot* of enchantments, doesn't she?"

"Oh? Um, I think so?" Mami says, considering that for a second before nodding decisively. "I believe so. It's been a while."

"She's here?" Sayaka asks, craning her head and peering around. "Where?"

"Not *here* here, but she's approaching," you say. You glance at Madoka, who seems rather excited. Bouncy, even. Homura, by contrast, is Homura, expression impassive and nearly impossible to read. You're pretty sure she's actually interested, though.

"She's here," Mami says, standing and raising her hand to wave.

You follow her gaze to... Well, that's Nadia Bennouna. She turns out to be an athletic, wiry-looking girl, not that much shorter than you are. Her skin's definitely shaded towards the olive, and tanned at that, the colour of someone who spends a lot of time out in the sun. Sharp cheekbones and sharp green eyes sweep the group. Her hair is black, falling just past her shoulders, and carefully hemmed back with a dark red hairband that compliments her bright red shirt and black, knee-length skirt.

She spots you, striding over with easy confidence, and stops short of the table. She bows to Mami, not too deep, not too shallow. "Ohayō gozaimasu, Mami-san."

Nadia's Japanese is passable. Accented, but passable. Mami bows back, echoing the greeting.

She then turns to Homura, sitting on Mami's far side, and repeats the bow and the greeting. And then Sayaka, and then Madoka. They all bow back, and when Nadia reaches you...

You *don't* bow back.

Instead, you grin, touching your hand to your heart. "As-salām alaykum."

Nadia's eyes go wide in surprise, and then she grins. "Wa alaykum s-salām!" she responds.

"Is everything going well?" you continue, still in darija.

"Yes, quite!" she responds, practically bouncing on her toes, contriving to include the world with a grand gesture. "How are you?"

"I'm doing good!" you respond, still grinning. You switch back to Japanese. "We should probably use Japanese, though."

She throws her head back and laughs. "You must be Sabrina."

"That's me," you say.

Mami touches your arm with a gentle hand. "Shall we sit?"

"I'll go order first," Nadia says, waving at the counter. "I'm starved, *fimti*?"

Without waiting for a response, she turns and heads for the counter. You sit, beaming at the awed looks from everyone.

"Look, I don't have any memories of a *life*," you say. "But I have all sorts of *knowledge* stuck in my head. It's useful."

Sayaka sighs, shaking her head. "Only you."

"Only you, Sabrina," Mami echoes fondly as she rests her hand on the crook of your elbow.

Nadia returns a few minutes later, carrying a number on a stand. She sets it down with a click, finding a space between Sayaka and Madoka. "You have, ah, new students, Mami?" she asks, including all of you with a little wave.

"Oh, no," Mami says. "Well... we're all friends."

"I see!" Nadia says. "Good to meet all of you. I'm Nadia Bennouna, you can just call me Nadia. I travel, and I carry the news, *fimti*?"

"I'm Miki Sayaka!" Sayaka introduces herself, half-twisted in her seat to face the other girl. "Uh, Sayaka Miki? Miki is my surname."

"Ah, I'm Kana- um, Madoka Kaname," Madoka says, blinking and fidgeting. "I'm not a magical girl."

"No shame in that, *fimti*? And I know the Japanese naming thing," Nadia says, grinning and leaning back far enough to prop the chair up on two feet. That only lasts a second before she realises what she's doing and lets the chair thump back down, transferring her gaze to Homura. "And you?"

"Akemi Homura," Homura responds. "My surname is Homura."

"Yes," Nadia says, pointing at Mami. "And Tomoe Mami, of course. And *you* are Sabrina."

"Mmmhm," you agree, giving Homura a baffled, surreptious look, one that you see mirrored on Madoka's and Sayaka's and- well, and Mami's faces. Her *surname* is Homura?

"Are y' from Switzerland by any chance?" she asks, giving you an evaluating look. She waves a hand off towards the sky, as if trying to indicate the country. "Only, I've a cousin from there, *fimti*? She reminds me of you, *fimti*?"

"... no, I don't think I am," you say. Mami's hand tightens on yours for a second, and you turn to give her a reassuring smile, covering her hand with yours.

Nadia eyes you for a second. "N'aam. Yes," she says. "Didn't really think so, anyway."

"In any case," Mami says, nodding. "We're all equals, here, and we're meeting as friends."

"I see," Nadia says with a shrug, conversation pausing for a second as Nadia's meal arrives - fish and chips. She digs in with gusto. Sayaka nudges Madoka, raising her eyebrows at the pink haired girl.

You take advantage of the lull to give Mami a warm smile, squeezing her hand gently. "I'm going nowhere, Mami," you murmur.

"I know," Mami says, smiling back at you.

Nadia sets her fork down with a clink, her plate half cleared. Sharp green eyes flick over to you and Mami, and she smirks at you. "Anyway. Shall we get down to business?"

"Ah, yes," Mami says, rooting around in her pocket to find a Grief Seed. She pulls one out - *Suleika*.

"Actually," you say, holding up a hand. "Nadia, I know you have a standard deal, but I have a proposition."

"Na'am, yes, I remember. But no," she says, waving her hands to ward you off. "Grief Seed first, *fimti*?"

Sayaka bristles a little, jaw setting mulishly. "Hey, Sabrina isn't some con artist."

"Maybe," Nadia says, pointing at Sayaka. "There are- there are *many* stories of girls who can cleanse our Soul Gems. Everyone wants to believe." She smiles thinly, beckoning for the Grief Seed from Mami. "They have all been false."

Mami smiles in gentle amusement as she hands the Grief Seed over. "Nevertheless," she says. "I haven't had to use a Grief Seed since meeting Sabrina."

That's... not *quite* true. You remember- you remember Mami crying on the floor.

It's not a good memory, but...

"Is that so?" Nadia asks. She holds her hand palm up and takes a quick glance around before materializing her Soul Gem. It's a dark, blood red, shimmering faintly in the sunlight, an unhealthy film of Grief churning beneath its surface. "Show me."

"Thought you'd never ask," you say, extending your hand towards her Soul Gem. "With your permission?"

She nods, watching closely.

Deciding to make a bit more of a show of it than you usually do, you curl your fingers, beckoning the Grief towards you. It comes free as a flowing banner, billowing and roiling as you tease it free of the Gem. You close your hand into a fist, crushing the Grief into little marbles - a small handful of them. You hold your finger up, the spheres orbiting your upraised finger as you meet her eyes.

Nadia holds the Soul Gem up to her eyes with hands that shake only a little. She turns it this way and that, inspecting the pristine crystal.

Mami leans against you, watching with what you might call *smugness* on anyone else. Sayaka's smirking a little, too.

"*It's true, Nadia,*" an unfortunately familiar voice says, echoing in your head.

Kyuubey.

Your head snaps up, finding the *creature* as it hops up onto Nadia's lap.

Mami flinches, expression crumpling, and her hand grows *tight* on yours.

"Oh, hello Kyuubey," Nadia says, peering down at the creature. "So Sabrina truly can cleanse Soul Gems?"

"*Indeed!*" it responds, tail waving slowly.

Sayaka scowls at the creature, aggrieved, and Homura doesn't look *happy*, either.

**\[] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X] When meeting Bennouna, present yourself as someone who wants to help others. Sure, you're a bit of a dork and a ditz at times, but your drive to help people is who you are.
\-\[X] Be polite, be efficient, have a plan to befriend every magical girl you meet: At some point, offer to refresh any grief seeds Bennouna might be carrying, with a standing offer to do so whenever she comes through. Also offer to empty out a grief seed for her, and tell her about how long you think a single clear seed ought to last, if she accepts the offer.
\[X] Ask Bennouna about any magical girls who could do similar things to what we can do, such as girls who can manipulate soul gems. Also ask about the largest magical girl group she's met in her travels -- we want to get an idea for just how organized people are so far.
\[X] If/when the subject of Bennouna telling other magical girls about our ability comes up, ask her to make it clear to anyone who asks her about us, or anyone she tells about us, that we're more than willing to clean soul gems and grief seeds for free, and that the only string attached is that violence or coercion in Mitakihara will not be tolerated.
\-\[X] Ask Bennouna to only tell people about us who she thinks would be reasonable, but that if even unreasonable people ask about us, to make that clear. We know word is going to get out, but we really don't want there to be fights and conflict due to it.
\-\[X] Explain your reasoning to Bennouna. That you want to help people, but you know it's not that easy.
\--\[X] You've foreseen lots of problems with infinite cleansing - abuse, people rejecting it because it's "too good to be true", upsetting power structures, general making-things-worse - and you're necessarily leaving it up to her how best to proceed in any given situation.

\=====​

'Fimti' is something like the Italian 'capisce'? Excess usage is kind of the equivalent of a valley girl, like, going like, 'like' all the time.
