# A Red Letter Day pt. 8

"A precognitive told me before her Wish power faded," you explain, and grimace. You don't... really like talking about Oriko like this behind her back, former enemy or no. And really, that's the point. *Former* enemy. You certainly have no qualms about thinking of Ono or Hiroko as the pains they are.

Well, Hiroko, maybe.

Sayaka's expression is tight, but controlled, only the clenching of her fist giving lie to her emotions. Madoka shrinks a little, glancing past Nadia at her friend.

"A precognitive," Nadia says, scowling. "Someone who sees the future, yes?"

"Mm. She caused us... well, she caused us a *lot* of trouble at first," you say. And now she's under house arrest without a guard, and only her goodwill and the implicit threat of you and Homura coming down on her like a ton of bricks holding her there. "It's actually why I was hoping you might know someone with a danger sense."

Nadia smacks her palm against her face. "Of *course*, this makes sense. Future-seers are *just* as impossible as *you* are." She jabs an accusing finger at you, scowling. "Yes, this makes perfect sense."

"Sorry?" you say with a shrug.

Nadia groans, Mami patting your linked hand in amused consolation.

"Is it *that* impossible?" Sayaka asks.

"*Yes*," Nadia grumps, hand still firmly in place. "Sayaka, I have been a traveller for seven years, *fimti*? I have heard every story and I have seen every horrible fate. There are many con-artists and many girls who did... terrible things. There has *not* been someone who can actually do what your friend can do."

Sayaka shrugs, settling back in her chair. "Right. I'll take your word for it."

"Incidentally, Nadia, you should probably be careful of Turkey around October to September," you say. "There's a major earthquake due there, I think."

You're not technically *sure* that the earthquake's going to happen. The Fukushima meltdown didn't, but the tsunami *did*, and yet, the Syrian civil war seems to be ongoing. It's probably reasonable to conclude that *some* of the human events have been eliminated by the presence of magical girls.

Nadia's face does something complicated and borderline non-euclidean, and she sighs. "Of course."

Sayaka snickers, ducking her face behind her arm to muffle her laughter.

Mami shakes her head, smiling in amusement. "Sabrina, did you have more questions?" she prompts gently. "Or more warnings?"

You smile back at her, squeezing her hand in thanks. "Well... Are there any particularly *nasty* groups? Like... You know what Sendai was doing, right? Pressuring people using their services to extort for Grief Seeds, that kind of thing? I mean... I know I'm gonna make a lot of waves with free cleansing and Clear Seeds and so forth, are there any groups that might be *problems*?"

"Nasty groups?" Nadia asks, opening her hands. "If magical girls think I sent others to attack them, I am dead. I am only myself, *fimti*? I do not paint targets."

You open your mouth to argue, but Sayaka beats you to the punch. "What?" she snaps, straightening with a sharp jerk. "Why would you help them *hide?*"

Nadia tilts her head and leans forward. "Yes, Sayaka. I am helping the Iowa group by hiding the fact that they tend to raid cities, *fimti*?" Her eyes flicker over to Mami, intent and sharp. "I am helping the Saja by not telling you about their *tribute* system. Ay. I cannot speak about the San Shi Hui, with their protection racket."

She pauses, smiling faintly and soaking in the flabbergasted look from Sayaka. "The last two, Korea and Hong Kong."

"And Iowa?" you ask.

"They travel almost as much as I do. The last I heard, they were in India," Nadia says with a shrug.

Madoka looks horrified, instinctively clutching for the nearest person - Homura. She has a death grip on Homura's wrist, fingers tight, and Homura looks *petrified*. Frozen in place. It would be funny if it weren't depressing.

"I see," you say. Mami squeezes her fingers, and you give her a soft smile before assuming a regretful, fake voice. "I'm sorry we couldn't see eye to eye, but I certainly wouldn't want you to be troubled by other groups. Perhaps I'll have other questions in a bit - well actually, um, I have questions now."

Nadia smirks, making a little 'go on' gesture.

"Well, I was wondering - Riona Mag Aoidh... hang on, 'Mag Aoidh' is her surname, right?" You continue at her nod. "Riona. Is she feared because she's powerful, or because she's powerful and *mean*? There's a difference, after all."

"Powerful. She's..." Nadia mutters for a second in Darija, taking a moment to stuff her mouth with more fries, chewing and swallowing before continuing. "Reserved, yes. Does not become friends. If she offers cider, refuse politely, *fimti*? She brews it herself, but it is..." The Moroccan girl winces.

"Noted," you say with a snort. Friendly, then, for a given value of friendly. "What about Old Lady Catherine? I mean what are her powers, when did she contract, that kind of thing?"

"Don't call her that," Nadia says, brow wrinkling. "*She* is nasty. She does not pick fights, but she will not even try to save you unless it helps her somehow. She is jaded and cynical. No friends. No family. She is... I *think* she is a healer, but I am not sure."

"Huh," you say, scowling. That can't be the *only* way to live to be old as a magical girl. You refuse to let it be, because like *hell* your friends aren't going to live to see old age, and like *hell* you'll let them become *that*.

"Mm." Nadia says, feeding herself the rest of the fish and setting the fork down with a satisfied clink. "Next question?"

"Yeah - do you have a cellphone number, or an email address or something? And do you know of any magical girl forums, or chats, or such?" you ask.

"Cellphone, no," she says. "I do not have a stable income, *fimti*? I cannot have a plan. Email, yes. Chats, yes. Remind me to show you before I leave."

"Right," you say, nodding. "Next, uh... Last two questions from me! One, do you know of any magical girls who might be willing to travel to Mitakihara to help fight a giant, city-destroying Witch? And do you know anything about the group in Asunaro?"

"Giant, city-destroying Witch?" Madoka squeaks.

Homura stiffens, eyes snapping to you.

**\[] Write-in**

\=====​

Um...
