# A Red Letter Day pt. 10

"Well. Helping magical girls so they don't have to fight for a living anymore?" you raise your eyebrows, managing to put on a confident smirk for Nadia despite the worm of dismay working its way into your guts at the look on Madoka's face. "I think that's *exactly* why I made my Wish. Please, Nadia."

Mami beams at you, the fingers of your interlaced hands squeezing gently.

"Then I shall do so," Nadia says with a nod. She smirks. "I will be late to my next destination."

You glance at Madoka, at the expression of worried horror on her face. You debate with yourself for a long moment. Would she care about losing face in front of Nadia? Perhaps, but you don't think so. Ultimately, you're not the kind of person who would let your friends stew in that.

"Um, Madoka, could I have a quick word?" you ask, smiling at her. You glance around the table, checking on everyone. Homura's expression is tight and controlled, and Sayaka is just scowling. You'll need to talk to Homura later.

"A-ah?" Madoka starts, eyes refocusing on you. "I- OK?"

You smile at Mami. "Take over for me? I- well, I guess *I* kind of took over, sorry. It's a bad habit," you say.

"It's alright," Mami says. She gives you a smile, her thumb stroking gently over the back of your hand for a second before she releases you. You give her another quick smile before standing and beckoning to Madoka, who follows you, wringing her hands.

"Hey, I'm coming too!" Sayaka says, hopping to her feet. "I need to stretch."

"Sure," you agree. "C'mon, then."

You lead the two of them off to the side. The cafe isn't terribly populated, so you manage to find a quiet spot out of earshot and screened from your table.

The moment you stop, Sayaka pulls Madoka into a hug. You close your arms around the *both* of them, as far as you can reach.

"It's horrible," Madoka whispers, voice shaking a little. "Magical girls shouldn't- shouldn't-"

"We shouldn't," you agree. "That's what *we* are fighting for, Madoka, I-"

"Oi, just... give us a minute," Sayaka says, raising her head a little to make eye contact. She continues by telepathy. "*I know you're trying to help, but she's *my* best friend. We'll be fine.*"

"Ah, sure," you say. "I'll head back to the table, then?"

"Mm," Sayaka agrees, flapping her hand at you.

Well, that's... settled, then. You think. It doesn't *quite* sit well with you to just leave it be, but Sayaka's right. She *is* Madoka's friend. You wander back to the table, rejoining the conversation as Nadia shares a bit of gossip about some group off in Hokkaido.

You slide back into your seat beside Mami, hand finding hers once again. "Did I miss anything interesting?" you ask.

"Welcome back," Mami says with a smile, interlacing your fingers together. "Ah, I wasn't sure how long you'd be gone, so I asked about Asunaro for you, um..."

"Yes, one of Mami's old students is there. Kazusa Michiru. She has a group, the... Pleiades Saints," Nadia says with a snap of her fingers.

You bite your lip, trying to decide how to *delicately* ask about Michiru's vital status. You've misstepped enough for an entire day, and you don't particularly feel like asking if Mami's ex-student is dead in front of her face, after all.

"That's- that's good," Mami says, a hitch in her voice. She squeezes your hand tightly, seeming to draw strength from you as she straightens. "I... I didn't ask before, but how is she? Is she doing well?"

Nadia makes an amused face. "She has *her* students naming their attacks, *fimti*?" she says. "I think she enjoys her life."

You snicker, amused and relieved all in one. So that presumably means Michiru is still alive, then, which is great. You sneak a quick glance at Homura, whose expression is stony and unamused - not a hint of recognition on her face. And more to the point, you're pretty sure she's upset with you.

"That's good," Mami repeats, nodding. You pull her hand into your lap, so that you can cover it with both hands, tracing gentle patterns over the back.

"Mm," Nadia agrees, eyeing Mami for a second before transferring her gaze over to Homura. "How about you, Akemi? Do you have any questions?"

"No," Homura says, expression moving not one whit. "My concerns are with defeating Walpurgisnacht."

Nadia purses her lips in consideration. "You will have many recruits," she muses. "I do not know if you need more. Your friend's promises are attractive. But it is *hard* to attract a *strong* group. You will have to go."

Homura nods sharply.

"I have a few questions," Nadia continues. "You understand, I carry the news. Sabrina is big, *new*, news, but Tomoe Mami has always been news, *fimti*?"

You give Mami a broad, proud grin. It's not like you can take credit for it, but just knowing that Mami has fame? That's something you're more than glad to hear again. She flushes in embarrassed pleasure, leaning into your side. "Ask away?"

"Your new team," Nadia says, gesturing around. "Sabrina, Sayaka, Akemi. Sabrina is new, yes? And Sayaka."

"I heard my name," Sayaka calls, arriving back at the table with Madoka in tow. She plunks herself down back in her own seat, Madoka sitting between Homura and Nadia once more. Madoka looks more settled, the worry lines around her eyes softening, though still slightly strained.

"Yes," Nadia agrees, taking the opportunity to retrieve her book again. "Where did you contract, what are your powers?"

"Eh? In Mitakihara, of course," Sayaka says, puffing her chest out proudly. "I live here. Duh. I'm a power copier."

Nadia nods, pushing her fringe out of her eyes and scribbling in her book. "And you, Akemi?"

Homura's eyes narrow. "I'd rather not say," she grunts.

"I see," Nadia says, pursing her lips. "I understand."

The rest of the conversation passes with unimportant gossip, though you do take the opportunity to ask about older magical girls in Japan itself - apparently Tsubaki Mikoto is alive and well, but Nadia hasn't heard of Suzune. Which does *hopefully* mean that Kagari Hinata isn't a threat, but you're not entirely sure you can bank on that.

It's about one when Nadia stretches, hooking an arm over the back of her seat. "I should go. I will not be leaving Mitakihara until tonight. But I need to hunt," she says. "Mami, where is a place with more Witches?"

"Actually, about that-" you interrupt, raising a finger. "Do you want a Clear Seed? If nothing else, you can use it as proof of what I can do, right? Though, uh, you'd have to be careful with it. It's kind of like carrying a few million dollars around with you in cash."

"It is," Nadia says. She drums her fingers on her table, a deep frown wrinkling her brow. "You... you would just *give* me one? I cannot use it like you say. I can only use it for myself, *fimti*? I do not want to get into a fight because of it. But if you still want to give me one, I will take it gladly. Are there conditions?"

"Help people," you say, simply. "That's all I ask. I understand if you can't show the Clear Seed off, but if you have spare, *normal* Grief Seeds, you can help people with *those*. Do what you can to help spread the word, bring people in for Walpurgisnacht and beyond."

Nadia gives you a long, considering look, green eyes boring into yours. "Done."

"Excellent," you say with a smile. "Do you have a spare Grief Seed on you? It doesn't matter whether you've used it or not. I'll take just a few minutes to make the Clear Seed. Um, Homura, could I have a word while I'm at it?"

Homura glances at you, expressionless for a long moment before sighing and standing, striding out of the cafe. Nadia wordlessly hands you a Grief Seed, raising her eyebrows in Homura's direction. You shrug, and follow Homura out.

This time, you don't just head around the corner, you step out of the alleyway and bound up the wall to the roof where you'd stored the rest of your Grief - you need a bit more privacy for both talking to Homura and to make a Clear Seed. Homura follows you up.

You turn to face your friend. "I'm sorry about that slip, Homura," you say, meeting her eyes. "I really am."

Her jaw tightens, eyes squeezing shut. "I don't want Madoka to know," she grinds out between gritted teeth. "I don't want her anywhere *near* being a magical girl."

"I know, Homura," you whisper. "I know, I get it, and I'm right there with you. *I'm sorry*. I slipped up."

"You did," Homura says, clinical and harsh.

"And I'-" you whisper fervently. "I want to beat Walpurgisnacht too, and I want to keep Madoka -to keep *everyone*- safe. You know that."

Homura sighs, shoulders sagging. "Do better, Sabrina." She hesitates for a long second, before adding in a voice that's barely audible, "Please."

"I promise, Homura," you say. "I promise I'll fix things. That's what I'm here for, right?"

Homura sighs again, looking away and very, very tired. "Do better."

"I will," you say. "I- I don't think Madoka's that upset, just... shaken, a bit. Sayaka talked to her, and I think we're fine."

Homura grimaces, looking down at the Grief Seed dangling loosely in your hand. "Make the Clear Seed," she murmurs, gaze flicking away. "I'll keep watch."

"Alright," you say, giving her a weak smile and turning your focus to the Grief Seed. It's a few minutes' work to clear the Grief Seed - it wasn't fresh, either, but after removing all the Grief from it, it most definitely is. Transparent crystal embraced in intricate filigree gleams under the midday sun, almost sparkling as you hold it up to the light.

You cast a look at the Grief on the roof. It's manageable, insofar as you *are* managing it, but you have well and away enough to fill up two of those big shipping containers now. Probably enough to pack, say, the Kaname residence wall-to-wall with Grief, not that you'd do that.

Well, it's not exactly a *problem*. You head back to the cafe with Homura, presenting the Clear Seed to Nadia and sliding back into your seat beside Mami. "Uh, an important caveat?" you say. "Do not, *do not* put these together with regular Grief Seeds. The Grief Seed pulls the Grief out of the clear one, and might hatch."

Nadia nods seriously, her hands trembling slightly as she accepts the Seed. "I see," she says, giving you a thankful smile. "Thank you, Sabrina. *Thank you.*"

"'s what I'm here for," you say.

"Feel free to hunt the usual two Witches," Mami offers, and gives you a quick smile as she leans against your side. "If nothing else, you can use *their* Grief Seeds to help other magical girls, right?"

Nadia nods, still inspecting the Clear Seed with disbelief clear on her face. "Yes," she says. "Would you like to hunt with me as usual?"

**Voting is closed until:**Apr 18, 2017 at 3:00 PM

- [ ] Decline, you have to head to Ishinomaki and Sendai
- [ ] Head to Ishinomaki first
- [ ] Head to Sendai first
- [ ] Suggest someone else can go hunting with her
- [ ] ~~Mami~~
  - [ ] Sayaka
  - [ ] Homura
- [ ] Agree, a quick hunt should be fine
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 100 words)
-> Any specific conversation to have
-> Specific things to do in Ishinomaki/Sendai

---

For the record, I'm not completely braindead about the word count, or the timing. I'm willing to allow *some* flexibility within reasonable limits, but *don't push it*. Also, the time is already localised for you. It's a forum feature!
