# A Red Letter Day pt. 12

You raise two fingers to your ear in the universally accepted gesture for *hey, I'm taking a call without a visible phone*. You're not really sure *why* it's the accepted gesture, but there it is. Probably something to do with actual headsets and the associated motion. Or maybe those wireless earpieces, which might need to be held in.

Mami beams at you, linking her arm with yours.

"*Ah, yes, well - uhhh, is maybe two hour's time good?*" you respond to Chouko first. "*My friends and I were just finishing up something, and we need to hit Ishinomaki too.*"

You continue out loud as Chouko responds in the affirmative. "Hey guys, one of the girls from Sendai's calling," you say. "I *did* say we'd be along late morning or early afternoon today, so uh, is everyone OK for that trip right now?"

"Yeah, sounds fun!" Sayaka says, pumping her arm.

"I can handle a Witch hunt myself," Nadia offers, straightening out one last victim and standing. "I would have no problems. You are going to Sendai?"

"Yup," you confirm. "Ishinomaki first, then Sendai. Do you want to tag along?"

Nadia frowns, eyes sharp and clearly thinking.

"*Miss Tsubaki, we're heading out right now,*" you tell Chouko. "*We need to hit Ishinomaki, then we'll be swinging to Sendai, unless there's anything urgent?*"

"*No, that's just fine,*" Chouko says. "*Thank you for your time, Miss Sabrina.*"

"*See you in a bit, then!*" You beam around at your friends as you end the call. "Everyone OK?"

"We are," Mami agrees, cuddling your arm with both hands. "Shall we?"

"Hey, can we grab a snack along the way?" Sayaka asks, rubbing sheepishly at the back of her neck. "I know I was complaining about all the eating earlier, but we haven't had lunch..."

Nadia laughs at that. "I was wondering, you did not eat earlier."

You scowl, pursing your lips. "Why *didn't* we?"

"We were talking, so it seemed rude to interrupt it to order?" Mami offers.

"Yeah, that," Sayaka says, pointing her thumb at Mami.

"We could either get lunch in Ishinomaki or here?" you say.

"Here's good," Sayaka says, waving you over to the edge of the roof. "There's a stall down there, I can grab us all something from there?"

You hum thoughtfully as you eye the store, a curry place. "What do you think, Mami?"

"I'm fine with it," she says, smiling at you. "Um... I'll have a katsu curry, Sayaka?"

"Sure," Sayaka says, bouncing on her toes. "Sabrina?"

"Omu rice?" you say. "Uh, Nadia?"

"I ate," she points out. "Hm... I will not be going to Ishinomaki. But you are passing through Mitakihara going to Sendai, yes? Can you pick me up?"

"Uh, no problem," you say, watching as Sayaka flashes you a thumbs up and hops down to the alley below. Her cape flutters gently behind her as she falls, the last thing to disappear out of sight over the edge of the roof.

Not out of mind, though. You can sense her Soul Gem as she transforms and trots across the street to the curry place - it's slowly trickling up. You keep a metaphorical eye on Sayaka's Soul Gem as Nadia waves goodbye, off to continue on her hunt.

"Oh- hey, Nadia!" you call after Nadia, who lands on the next roof and bounds back, eyebrow raised quizzically.

"Before I forget, about those websites? And IRCs?" you ask.

"Ah, yes," Nadia says, patting her costume. "Do you have paper- nevermind, yes."

She produces a scrap of paper from somewhere in her costume and scribbles on it, handing it over to you.

"Thanks," you say, tucking the paper away into your bag. "Good hunting!"

Nadia waves a careless goodbye in response to you and Mami's goodbyes, and hops back towards the next roof.

The formerly Witch-kissed people are still unconscious for now - you've laid them out as comfortably as you can on the hard roof, and you don't doubt that Kyuubey's aware of them. It'll come and wipe their memories later, you suppose. It's not something that sits entirely *right* with you, but they're alive and healthy.

You take a seat on a convenient piece of venting. Mami curls up against your side with a pleased noise, tucking her head against your shoulder.

... Hm.

You're not *absolutely* certain, but you don't think Sayaka's Soul Gem is filling any faster than it had when she'd had only Mami's ribbon powers. Perhaps the difference is so small you don't notice it, or perhaps you're remembering wrong, but you don't think so.

That's interesting and very, very usefu-

You twitch in surprise at the touch of Mami's warm finger on your earlobe. You glance at her, and she pokes curiously your earlobe again.

"Your ears," she says, as if that's all the explanation she needs to provide. She tugs on the shell of your ear curiously, apparently intrigued by how far it sticks out.

Well, if it makes her happy. Sayaka's still ordering, so you'll take the opportunity to let your other friends know. "*Hey, Homura? Madoka?*"

"*Ah, Sabrina, hello!*" Madoka says, sounding happy. "*Is something going on?*"

"*No, no, not at all - just letting you and Homura know that Mami, Sayaka, and I will be heading out of Mitakihara right now,*" you explain. "*We're going to Ishinomaki and Sendai for a cleansing trip.*"

"*Ah, that's wonderful!*" Madoka says. "*Um... Homura and I will watch the city?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*Homura, are you there?*" You're pretty sure she is - you can feel her presence like you can sense someone in the same room as you are without looking. You're a little worried about how quiet she is, though.

"*I'm here,*" she murmurs.

"*Alright, just checking,*" you say.

"*Is Nadia still in Mitakihara?*" she inquires.

"*Yep, she is,*" you confirm. "*She said she'd be leaving this evening.*"

"*Understood,*" she says, and hesitates before responding. "*Stay safe.*"

"*We will, Homura,*" you say, suppressing giggles as Mami reaches around you to toy with your other ear. "*You too.*"

"*Um, stay safe!*" Madoka says as the call ends.

You smile at Mami, pulling her a little closer with an arm around her waist, and she's perfectly content to cuddle against you. Sayaka's still waiting for the food, so you take the opportunity to call ahead to Ishinomaki - you get Inoue Yuuki, the tech-focused girl, and you let her know you're heading over.

Sayaka returns a few minutes later, carrying plastic bags laden with plastic trays. It only takes about ten minutes more for you to form your Grief platform -though fully enclosed and complete with a *Witchy* but transparent windshield- and be on your way.

You sit crosslegged with Mami on your left and Sayaka on your right, though rather unlike Mami, your blue-haired friend *isn't* leaning against your side. You all snack companionably on the curry rice, though Sayaka goes through hers rather quickly.

You pour on the speed, willing your Grief on faster as the suburbs zip by beneath you. You *still* don't know if you're breaking the sound barrier, but you *must* be at the very least close. You kinda wish you had something to measure airspeed - *inside* a sonic boom, you wouldn't hear it, even if you were.

"Hey guys, I'm gonna try experimenting with deleting Grief, alright?" you say. "I've got... rather a lot of it."

"Alright," Mami says, smiling at you. "We'll keep an eye out."

You pull a single marble of Grief from your ever-present bag, absently checking for your *obrez* and the notebook. And your oodles of yakuza money and gold, of course.

All present.

"Oh, and before I forget - Sayaka, you're still holding onto Nadia's and Mami's powers, right?" you ask, glancing up from the marble.

"Um? Yeah, I got 'em," Sayaka confirms.

"Right, hang on to them," you say.

Sayaka nods, looking thoughtful as she bends forward to inspect her own Soul Gem.

You return your attention to the Grief. Compressed, it's just a dull, *dark* purple that's nearly black, and mottled with different colours. And you... want to get rid of it. You're not unaware of the possible consequences, especially with regards to Kyuubey. But this is a small scale experiment, and to be frank, a magical girl *dying* is also lost energy to Kyuubey, as little as you like thinking about that prospect.

A slow breath out. You'll try simply willing it gone, first.

And so you try. You try vanishing the Grief with your will, but all that gets you is a blinding migraine that has Mami looking at you in concern. You try creating a device that can delete Grief, but *that* accomplishes nothing at all. In a fit of pique, you recreate your Infinity Gauntlet of Enchanting and try to enchant something, to no real success.

You do earn a look of fond exasperation from Mami, though, who's wrapped her arms firmly around your waist so that she can tuck her chin on your shoulder.

"Aha!" Sayaka says as you reach the outskirts of Ishinomaki, interrupting your enchanting.

Which is fine. Just fine. It wasn't working anyway.

You dissolve the gauntlet with a sigh, flicking the wisps of Grief off your hand. "What've you got, Sayaka?" you ask, dropping the speed a little on your platform as you coast in amongst the skyscrapers of Ishinomaki.

She holds up a little five-lobed charm made of blue crystal and trimmed with white. "Mami's ribbons," she says proudly.

"... eh?" you say. "... wait. Did you do what I think you just did?"

Mami holds her hand out for the charm, turning it over in her hands. "You managed to store your copy of my magic?"

"Yup and *yup!*" Sayaka says proudly. "Cool, eh?"

You're about to answer when a telepathic message intrudes. "*Hello, Miss Sabrina!*"

You blink, peering out of the windscreen. A flare of green and silver draws your attention- there, right *there*. Seven slight figures stand atop one of the taller buildings, one of them with her hand up and shooting what looks like pixels into the air as an impromptu landing signal.

\*\*Voting opens **Apr 27, 2017 at 10:00 PM
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Random note: [Coco Ichibanya](https://www.ichibanya.co.jp/english/) is very nearly Japan's equivalent to McDonald's. It's bloody *everywhere*.

Also, standing action: Sabrina will check her own and her friends' Soul Gems as long as they're around, and cleanse when necessary. Anyone outside her immediate group fo friends will be noted in text if relevant.
