# A Red Letter Day pt. 13

You turn your attention back to more *important* matters. The Ishinomaki girls are there, all present but for one -probably the independent girl?- and they'll keep for the next half a minute.

Instead, you grin at Sayaka and offer her a fist bump. She thumps her gloved fist against yours, grinning back.

"Well *done*, Sayaka," you say. "Congratulations, you're officially super OP."

"You think so?" she says, bouncing a little. "I mean..."

"Sayaka..." you chide.

Mami leans over you to offer Sayaka a high-five, which is gladly returned. "You will likely be the most versatile magical girl on our team with time," she says.

"I mean, I guess you can't copy my power, and you can't copy how awesome Mami is, but everything else should be fair game, right?" you say. "By the way, how do those work?"

"They're just... instant powers, just add water?" Sayaka says, shrugging as she takes the little charm back from Mami. "Except I'm the water. I think I can turn any power into these... I dunno, what do I call these?"

"We'll have to think of a name," Mami says with a smile. You grin, and speak in sync with her. "Names are *important*!"

Sayaka stares, and then throws her hands up. "God, you two. I'll think of something. By the way, uh-"

She points out of the windscreen. And yes, you're approaching the rooftop - Yuuki's halted the flare. You glide your Mobile Oppression Fortress to a halt just short of the roof and dissolve the windscreen. You stand, putting a pleasant smile on your face, and step forward onto weathered flagstones with Mami moving in smooth, easy coordination with you. Sayaka's just a step behind.

The Ishinomaki girls stare back at you with mingled curiosity and just a touch of worry. Which is fair, you guess. You *did* kick their asses the last time you met them and you *did* just arrive in a vehicle that stank of Witch.

"Heya," you say, raising a hand in a wave. It's a little awkward, but so what?

"Um... Hi," Yuuki says, taking a step forward. She hasn't changed much since the last time you saw her, still in her bodysuit of green with light, carapaced armour plates of silver. She extends her gloved hand towards you, and you clasp it in a firm shake.

"Hello!" you say, giving her what you hope is a disarming grin as you look over her friends. "You remember Tomoe Mami, and this is Miki Sayaka," you say. "Uh, Sayaka, these are..." You proceed to introduce Sayaka to everyone.

Her sister, of course, Inoue Yuuna in her fluorescent blue and silver bodysuit. You remember her fighting Kirika in her concrete armour - and losing, granted, but Kirika's really good at that. She'd fought Yuuna and... Koizumi Aki, clone-girl to a standstill. Said girl regards you steadily, with her short brown eyes framing eyes just as tired as the last time you'd met her.

Then the last three of their group... Sato Kimiko brushes aside lavender hair and gives you a cheerful wave as you meet her eyes, irrepressible grin on her face as she rocks back and forth. Someone who's *not* wary of you, apparently, quite in contrast to Tsukada Hoshiko. The purple armoured girl has her arms folded across her chest, giving you a sour look.

Last are the two girls who *hadn't* fought you. Kagome Ayaka, apparently one of Mami's ex-students, and finally, Ueda Miyako, a bright splash of nearly *obnoxiously* orange and ribbons.

"... say," you say, returning your attention to Yuuki. "Don't you have an independent girl in the city? Nakano Mika?"

"Ah... yes," Yuuki says, nodding. "Why?"

"Uh, she should be here for this, right?" you ask, scratching your head.

"Ah, OK," Yuuki says. "Um, Ayaka? Could you let her know?"

Ayaka nods sharply, taking a step away from the group.

"So, um, you can really cleanse our Soul Gems?" Yuuki says with a frown. "Not that I don't believe you, but..."

You'd respond, but you sense a presence, fast approaching from above. You turn just in time to see another puella magi plummeting towards you. Wind buffets you, forcing you to raise a hand to cover your eyes as the girl drops on the roof for a none-too-gentle landing.

"Hi, hope I'm not too late!" the newcomer says, scrubbing messy brown hair out of her eyes.

Your first impression of the girl is that she's someone used to laughter. Nakano Mika -and it has to be her- looks older than you, perhaps about eighteen, and she's startlingly skinny. Her costume is a set of sleek, flowing robes the same emerald green as her eyes. Laugh lines crease her face as she looks around at everyone.

"No, not at all," Mami says, smiling and extending her hand to shake. You let her take the lead - she's better at this than you are. "I'm-"

"Tomoe Mami?" Mika interrupts, eyes widening. "You're famous!"

Mami blinks, blushing a little. "Um, thank you? This is Sabrina, and Miki Sayaka from Mitakihara. We're here to offer our services."

You take a smooth step forward, sliding your arm around Mami's waist and repeating your spiel.

"... and I was just about to demonstrate before you arrived," you say, checking your friends' Soul Gems quickly. "Um, Sayaka? Do you mind?"

"Nope," she says, detaching her Soul Gem from her navel and holding it up. There's a thin sheen of Grief swirling beneath the surface, bubbling and sullen.

"Now you see it," you say, gesturing grandly at the Soul Gem before curling your hand into a beckoning gesture. "And now you don't."

Grief coils out of the Gem in eddying wisps, and you clench your fist to implode the cloud. You grin proudly at the girls.

Mami smiles, touching your shoulder and taking a half step forward. "Sabrina can indeed cleanse Soul Gems," she says. "We're offering that service for free, though Sabrina *does* have a favour to ask."

"And Grief Seeds too," you add, spreading your hands as the wind starts to pick up, whipping at your hair and longcoat. "And to be clear, this is *absolutely* free. No strings attached, other than asking that you be *reasonable*. Treat other magical girls nicely, don't start fights, and so on."

Confusion and surprise ripples through the group. An expression you're fast becoming familiar with is mirrored across every face - suspicion, dawning hope, and wary hope.

"I'll take it!" Mika says, putting her hand up.

"Well, one more thing, actually," you say, hunting through your pockets for Hildegarde. "I can also do *this* to Grief Seeds."

You hold the Clear Seed up for everyone to see, letting it balance on the tip of your finger. "This is a Grief Seed *completely* emptied of Grief. Theoretically, it should be able to last decades, but, uh-"

You're drowned out by exclamations of shock and frantic questions. You wave your hands, trying to calm them down, but it isn't much help. To your surprise, Yuuna and Yuuki are trying to argue *against* accepting the Seed. Aki and Miyako want to take it, though, with the other girls trying to calm the argument. Sayaka watches, eyebrows arched high in bemusement.

"I'll take one!" Mika says, sidling over to you with a grin.

"Gladly," you say, but turn a worried look on the other Ishinomaki girls. They're engaging in... vigorous debate, pulling back into a loose circle. Voices are raised.

You tighten your arm around Mami's waist, and she's more than happy to lean against you. "It's a big deal," she says.

"Is it really?" Sayaka asks, scowling at the arguing girls.

"Yes, it is," Mika offers. "Imagine if you had a billion dollars, but you don't have a bank to store it in. Every magical girl in the area wants it."

"Hrrrrrm," Sayaka says, turning her scowl full force on the brown haired girl. "But *you* want one?"

"I can put it in a sock under my bed, especially if I can put my bed in a safe," Mika says, a mischievous, secretive grin lurking on her lips. "There's no reason for anyone to want to try and *fight* me for it."

"-we're *not* taking one of those Clear Seeds, and that's *final*," Yuuki yells, stomping her foot hard enough to crack the flagstones and silencing the argument. "Do you want someone like *Hamasaki* coming after us again? I don't!"

She ignores the sullen looks and turns to you. "Miss Sabrina, I apologise for the trouble. If it's possible, could you just cleanse our Soul Gems?"

You purse your lips. You kind of want to ask if she's sure, but that's probably a surefire way to ignite the argument again, pun intended. "Yes, absolutely. I can also *refresh* any Grief Seeds you might have, so that they're like new."

"That would be acceptable," Yuuki says. "You mentioned something about wanting my services?"

"Yes, rather, uh- OK, everyone hold out your Soul Gems for me?" you ask. You don't *need* to do that, but better you ask than you starkly remind them that you could target each and every single one of their Soul Gems. "And any Grief Seeds? I'll refresh them so that they're like new."

You're presented with an array of Soul Gems and Grief Seeds, some more openly than others - Mika and the Inoue sisters are willing enough, Soul Gems presented on their open palms, others gripped tight in the palms of their hands. Not from Hoshiko, though - the purple-armoured girl holds just her Grief Seeds. "No offense, Miss Sabrina," she says, eyes hooded and wary. "But can you... refresh my Grief Seeds, and let me cleanse my Soul Gem myself?"

Sayaka bristles, raising her chin. "Hey. Are you implying Sabrina might try and do something with your Soul Gem?"

"Our Soul Gems are important," Hoshiko says, hunching her shoulders defensively and practically disappearing behind her oversized pauldrons. You decide not to mention that you *know* where her Soul Gem is and could snatch it from the nape of her neck with a thought.

"It's fine," you assure both Sayaka and Hoshiko. "I understand. Alright - I'm going to cleanse all your Soul Gems."

You extend your hands with fingers spread, making sure your movements are slow, because these *are* their very *Souls*. A bit of theater to keep them calm won't go amiss here. You take a breath, considering their Soul Gems - none of them are quite *clean* in the same way you're used to your own Soul Gem being.

You pull your hands back slowly, drawing Grief from their Soul Gems and Grief Seeds with the gesture - and you take the time to cleanse your own Soul Gem, too, and Mami's. The worry and the trepidation melts away from their expressions in that familiar way that comes with the lifting of very *tangible* negative emotions from their shoulders, drifting through the air to fall under your control.

"Cooool," one of them breathes. Kimiko, the girl with light purple hair. "Can I keep one of those little balls?"

"Eh?" you say. "One of the- these?" You hold a finger up, Grief marbles following the movement.

"Yeah!" Kimiko says. "As a souvenir."

"... uh, sorry, you can't," you say, keeping an eye on Hoshiko as the armoured girl cleanses her Soul Gem with a refreshed Seed. "These turn into gas and disperse outside of my control."

"Aw. OK," she says, looking disappointed. Miyako gives her a consoling pat her on the shoulder.

"Alright," you say, beaming around at everyone. You quirk an eyebrow at Hoshiko, beckoning her for the just-used Grief Seed. "So like I said - no strings attached whatsoever. Just... be excellent to one another."

"I see," Yuuki says. "What was the favour you wanted to ask?"

"Uhh," you say. "Hold up a sec- OK, Mika, you wanted a Clear Seed, right? Do you have a Grief Seed- right." You catch the Grief Seed she tosses at you. "OK, so, two things, actually. My friend Sayaka is a power copier, would you mind if she copied your powers?"

"I don't take them away or even reduce them," Sayaka notes, raising her hand. "I just... copy. That's it. You'll have your powers still."

"I would mind," Yuuki says with a frown. "Um... just me, though. Girls?"

Yuuna shrugs. "I don't mind."

"OK, uh, Sayaka, you go ahead? Miss Inoue, I'll go to the side and empty this Grief Seed out for Miss Nakano, can we talk while I do that?" you say.

"That would be fine," Yuuki responds.

Mami gives you a smile, and follows as you head over to a corner of the roof.

"So what did you need?" Yuuki asks.

"Well," you say, holding the Grief Seed to the side. You don't really want to talk with your face literally hidden behind mists of malice, to coin a term. You take a breath, and start the process - the majority of focus is on emptying out the Seed, but you can spare enough to talk. "I... don't exactly have a legal identity in this country."

"And you need... a passport and an identification card," Yuuki says with an understanding nod. She smirks a little at the look on your face, obviously more comfortable with *these* dealings. "I've done this before. It'll take me a week or two for the actual documents to arrive, though. Local resident, or foreigner in residence?"

"Umm," you say, unsure, and still concentrating more on drawing Grief out from the Grief Seed. "Mami?"

"Local resident," she says, giving you a smile. "It's easier."

Yuuki shrugs, clapping her hands together and forming a silver box with an obvious lens on the front. "I'll need a picture," she says, holding the device up.

Mami smiles, backing off a little so that you can have your picture taken. You pause the siphoning of Grief and lower the half-empty Seed for a moment so that Yuuki can do so. "Address?"

"Uh, I'm living with Mami," you say. "So, um..." You rattle off Mami's address.

"Place of birth, birthday?" she asks briskly, not even batting an eyelid.

"Um... might as well list it as Japan, and, uh..." *don't* say the first of May don't say first of May don't say first of May- "19th of May, 1995."

Good, well done, you. As good a random date as any, as long as it's *not* the first of May. You'd probably give Homura a heart attack.

"Oh, uh," you say. "Can we change this in the future if I need to?"

"That's not a problem," Yuuki says. "I just have to nudge the government computers, and they *can't* catch me. First name, last name?"

"... is it possible to not have a last name?" you ask. It's not like you don't have *ideas* for names, ranging from Vee to Velociraptor[ to Tomoe](<http://to Tomoe>). "Just... Sabrina?"

Yuuki tilts her head in consideration. "It *should* be possible," she says, eyeing you curiously, but evidently decides not to ask.

You feel kind of beholden to answer, anyway. "I don't remember my last name," you admit. Mami tightens her hug around you a little. "So I'm not sure what I want there."

"It should be fine," Yuuki says, nodding again. "Normally I'd charge two Grief Seeds for this, but under the circumstances, I'll consider it partial payment for getting Hamasaki off our backs."

"Thank you," you say, sparing enough of your focus to give her a smile. The Grief Seed's almost emptied out, the torrent of billowing Grief dwindling to a trickle as you crush the last of it down into spheres.

"No problem," she says. "Was there anything else?"

You cast a glance over at Sayaka. Without your immediate presence, Sayaka's become the center of attention, apparently fielding questions about herself, Mami, and inevitably, *you*.

\*\*Voting opens **May 1, 2017 at 7:00 PM
\[] Head to Sendai, picking up Nadia
\[] Stick around
\- \[] More questions to ask?
\- \[] Something to do?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

So as far as I remember, and as far as I can tell, you never actually explicitly told the Ishinomaki girls in much detail about your powers, just in passing.

Also, for the record, in my mind, [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg37Qlc0YNo) is Sabrina's theme. It's what I frequently write her to.
