# A Red Letter Day pt. 14

You return your attention to Yuuki, thinking for a second. Is a surname important?

It... kind of is, you guess? It's not unheard of for people to not have surnames, and you can absolutely play up the 'strange foreigner' angle. But it might make things easy for you if you had a surname.

"Uh, one second, Miss Inoue. Uh, Mami?" you say. "What do you think of 'Vee' as a surname?"

"Hmm?" Mami says, soft golden eyes meeting yours. She thinks it over for a second, forehead scrunching adorably. "I think it's a fine nickname?"

You beam at her, and turn back to Yuuki. "'Vee' for a surname. Uh, 'V-E-E', not just the letter 'V'."

"Sure, that won't be a problem," Yuuki says. "Changed your mind?"

"I probably look less suspicious *with* a surname?" you offer, shrugging. "By the way, uh - did your sister pass on that message about tracking down a phone?"

"That was *you*," Yuuki says with a scowl tossed over her shoulder at her sister. Yuuna notices the expression, blinks, and then flushes in embarrassment. "I apologise, my sister forgot to mention that it was you. The Kuroki family, correct? That was the name on the phone records."

"Yeah, that'd be them," you agree. "I'm looking for Kuroki Matsuko, should be the daughter of the family?"

"Yes," Yuuki says, pulling a phone out from... somewhere on her costume. It's a high-end model, and very evidently modified with magic judging from the way she just pulled a holographic display out of the screen. You lean forward, fascinated by the way she slides through familiar apps rendered in the air.

"Here," Yuuki says decisively, pulling up a map of Mitakihara and zooming in on a location out to the east. You recognise it, even in glowing, translucent light - you've been there often enough. The old industrial district. "That's where she pulled the battery. Or broke her phone."

"Didn't just run flat by any chance?" you ask, tucking a stray lock of hair behind your ear.

"No, it isn't," Yuuki says with absolute certainty. "Ungraceful shutdown of her phone, terminated mid-push notification. *Has* to be a battery pull or damage or similar - it can't be her shutting the phone down normally or the battery running out."

"... ah, I see," you say, frowning. Something to follow up on that. "Do I owe you anything for that?"

"Normally, I'd charge a Grief Seed," Yuuki says, rolling her eyes. "Unusual circumstances, however..."

"Ah. Thanks, I appreciate it," you say, and wave back towards the main group, where it seems like conversation's dying down, anyway. "Shall we?"

Yuuki shrugs, and heads over to join the others, whereupon she smacks Yuuna on the shoulder.

"Hey, everyone, hey Sayaka," you say. "Oh, first - Miss Nakano, here." You proffer the Clear Seed to Mika. "I have to warn you - do *not* let this touch a normal Grief Seed. The Grief Seed will pull any Grief from the Clear Seed and possibly hatch it right there."

Mika snatches the Clear Seed from you, all but vibrating with excitement. "*Cool.*"

"No, not cool," you say. "The Witch hatching part, anyway."

Mika shrugs, pressing the Grief Seed to her Soul Gem and pouting when there's no visible change - her Soul Gem's still essentially clean. You don't miss the way Ayaka and Miyako's eyes follow the movement with envious eyes.

"Anyway..." you say, turning back to the group and folding your arms. "I can understand not wanting a Clear Seed right now. But make no mistake, I plan on distributing them to every group I can reach - and yes, that *does* include Sendai. I think I can trust them, with Miss Mori in charge of the group now instead of Hamasaki. But maybe you might prefer to have a Clear Seed later, when there are more groups with Clear Seeds?"

Yuuki dips her head in agreement. "That would be... A lot more acceptable," she says, tilting her head slightly to catch Miyako's eyes. The orange haired girl frowns stubbornly, folding her arms.

*Not* your argument to step into.

"Anyway. Sayaka!" you say, grinning at your friend. "Pick up anything cool?"

"Eh heh heh, kind of?" she says, scrubbing at the back of her hair sheepishly. You can *feel* the odd twisting of her magic, little knots trailing off the main body like pendants dangling from a necklace.

"My powers are *plenty* cool," Kimiko says, arching an eyebrow high.

"Yeah, she's got lightning!" Sayaka says, holding her two hands out, palms facing each other.

There's a pop, and then there's suddenly *two* Sayakas. Both blink in unison, and then fall on their asses.

Aki taps her chin in consideration, propping herself insouciantly against a convenient vent. "Huh. Never had that problem," she muses.

"I think-" both Sayaka's eyes cross. "I think I need to practice. Can I get ri-" There's a sharp pop, and one of the Sayakas vanish. "Oh thank god. That was weird."

You laugh, and lean forward to offer her a hand up. "Got confused over your many, many powers?"

"I think so," Sayaka says, grinning sheepishly at you as she lets you pull her to her feet. "Uhh... Miss Koizumi, *do* you get double-vision from your clones?"

The girl scratches at her boyishly short hair. "Yes," she says. "But it's easy to deal with. Hit me up if you get better at it, always wondered what it'd be like to fight another cloner."

"Uhh... sure," Sayaka says, looking a little uncomfortable. "Right."

"Heh," you say, stepping forward a little to take the heat off Sayaka. "Speaking of, I don't suppose you guys would like to meet up sometime for non-business stuff? Just for fun?"

"You'll have to come to us," Miyako observes, an interested gleam in her eye as she folds her arms over her chest. The ribbons -cream, orange like her hair, yellow- festooning her dress rustle with the movement. "We can't exactly travel."

"I'm up for it!" Mika says, waving her hand and grinning.

"Yeah, 'course," you say. "Anyway... Mami, Sayaka? Anything else?"

"No," Mami says, taking your arm. Her eyes flicker over to Ayaka for a split second before looking away - Ayaka was her student, wasn't she? She'd warned you to take care of Mami, way back then.

You don't think you've done too badly. There are many, many things you could have done better, but... you haven't done too badly.

You catch Mami's eyes, raising your eyebrows slightly. Does she want to talk to Ayaka?

Mami's smile is a little melancholy, but she shakes her head.

"I'm good!" Sayaka says, mood undimmed despite her confusion with her new crop of powers.

"Then... see you all sometime," you say, nodding at the Ishinomaki girls. "I'm actually trying to work on something more permanent than me having to come by every week to do the cleansing, but I'm not sure when, if ever, I'll succeed. So for now, until next time."

You exchange goodbyes and pile back onto your mobile oppression fortress. You take a moment to form more comfortable seats before sealing up the front again and taking off. You have an *enormous* amount of Grief with you right now - and even with your vague notion to give it to Kyuubey, the creature hadn't shown up, anyway.

Regardless, controlling it isn't a problem for you, so for now - back to Mitakihara to pick up Nadia, and then onwards to Sendai.

Mami curls up against you with a happy sigh, wrapping her arms around your waist and resting her head on your shoulder.

"Nice girls," Sayaka opines as you zip higher, leaving Ishinomaki behind you. "They uh... seemed a bit scared of you, though."

"Right, I don't think I ever told you the full story, did I?" you say, grinning sheepishly, and start to recount the tale. You start with Sakura, Rin, and Akiko's trip through Mitakihara, and spare a bit of your attention to check in on Nadia - apparently she's finished her second hunt with no problem and is more than happy to wait for a pick up.

"... so naturally, Mami, Kirika, and I kicked their asses," you say, smirking proudly. You'd glossed over exactly what the Sendai trio were in Mitakihara for, of course, and moved on to their supposed ambush in Ishinomaki. "Right, Mami?"

"Mmm," she agrees. "We did."

"Yeah," you say, pursing your lips. "We never did find out the full story behind the whole Kato Setsuko thing. But... yeah."

"'xplains a lot," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. She'd listened avidly, in between condensing her powers down into the little charms. "They were kind of afraid of you at first."

"Ouch," you say, wincing. "Anyway, what powers do you have there?"

"Uh..." Sayaka holds up the charms, each dangling from a string. "Mami's ribbons, Miss Bennouna's juggernaut power, the clone power, um, geokinesis? Is that a word? Lightning, um... some kind of super-eyesight? Miss Ueda wasn't absolutely clear about it. And hypnosis, I think."

Mami stirs at that last one, eyes darting up to you. Which would mean the hypnosis comes from Ayaka. You sigh quietly, taking her hand between both of yours and intertwining your fingers. You're not going to leave her.

Sayaka falls silent, smart enough to recognise when she'd touched a sore spot.

"*Kagome Ayaka was one of Mami's ex-pupils, who left her,*" you murmur telepathically to your friend. "*Touchy subject.*"

"*So that's why she was asking after Mami and you,*" Sayaka says, a brief frown flickering over her face. "*Why'd she leave?*"

"*I don't know for sure, but you know Mami's insistence on killing all Familiars during a hunt?*" you say. "*It's a very, very high standard to hold against magical girls who aren't *us*. Most can't afford it. I'm guessing they disagreed over it.*"

"*Hrrrm.*" Sayaka scowls, sitting back in her chair and frowning.

The rest of the trip back to Mitakihara is spent in relative silence, suburban sprawl giving way to farmland and then rolling back into the suburbs and familiar skyline of Mitakihara. You pick up Nadia from the spire of the DBJ tower - an easy enough landmark.

The traveller takes a few steps straight up into the air and hops aboard, peering around the Grief structure with interest. She runs her hand over the walls. "This is Grief, yes?"

"Yup, hi Miss Bennouna," you say, tilting your head to follow her movement. Sayaka gives her a wave, and Mami's still nestled comfortably against you.

"Interesting," she says. "We are going now to Sendai?"

**Voting opens**May 5, 2017 at 4:00 PM

- [ ] Head to Sendai
- [ ] No, something else
- [ ] Who do you go to first?
- [ ] University group
- [ ] Sendai group
- [ ] Enchantment along the way?
- [ ] Anything specific to check on at Sendai?
- [ ] Anything specific to talk about on the way?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

You may take it that cleansing and offering Clear Seeds will happen automatically.
