# A Red Letter Day pt. 15

"Yup!" you confirm, forming a chair for Nadia. Nice and ergonomic and everything, much like the rest you'd already made. "Well- actually, anyone mind a side trip?"

Nadia cocks her head, almost birdlike in how sharp the movement is. "To where?"

"U-uh, just the old indistrial... distrcit," you say, tongue tangling for a second. You shake your head. "Gah. Industial district." You point your thumb over your shoulder. "I kind of want to have a look around for... OK, uh, story time?"

Nadia shakes her head, holding out index and thumb finger in front of her eye as if measuring something. "Decide first, will it take long? Is the trip important? I am on a schedule, *fimti*?"

"Ah," you say, frowning. "OK, I just want to do a *quick* search for a missing girl. It shouldn't be more than fifteen minutes," you say. You can hand it over to Masami if you don't find Kuroki - you kind of suspect you'll have to do that, anyway. Someone who's been lost for nearly a week isn't going to be found quite so easily.

Nadia sits back, sprawling in her chair. "Then that is fine," she says.

"Hold on, missing girl?" Sayaka asks, jerking upright. "A magical girl like us?"

"Yeah," you say, swerving the platform in a tight U-turn to head back east. "OK, so story time?" You glance at Nadia, checking. She nods, so you continue. "Right, uh... I found out about from a source of mine about a girl missing..."

You leave out the fact that you'd found out from Homura, of course. *That* would be difficult to explain, and you *don't* want to say it out loud where Kyuubey might hear, but you can explain the rest - how you'd been investigating via the Internet to no avail, and then asking both Kirika and Yuuki to help.

Which brings you to *now*, skimming past the towering scaffolds of rusting steel and pipes. You weave between the chimneys, some still belching forth plumes of steam or smoke. Not *all* the factories or plants are defunct and abandoned, but this definitely isn't a bustling hive of economic growth, either.

"*Hey, Masami, Hiroko?*" You reach out via telepathy for the *other* magical girl couple in the city, even as you focus mainly on searching the area with your senses. "*You about?*"

"*Hello, Sabrina,*" Hiroko says. "*How are you?*"

"*Hey, Sabrina! How's tricks?*" Masami calls. "*Having a good weekend?*"

"*The last time you sounded that cheerful, you were kicking Ono around,*" you observe mildly.

"*That's probably true, but not this time!*" Masami says, a clear vein of satisfaction filling her voice. "*Right, Hiroko?*"

"*Right,*" Hiroko agrees, sounding equally pleased.

"*... how *is* she doing?*" you ask suspiciously as you swoop low to dive under a rather tall conveyer belt going into the top of some tower. Sayaka whoops, eyes bright with delight.

"*Well, she's getting up to scratch,*" Masami says. "*But I don't know if she really *gets* magical girl life.*"

"*Hrm,*" you say. "*Gotcha. I'd ask how you two are doing, but you sound in a good mood, so I assume good things?*"

"*Absolutely,*" Hiroko says, smirk audible in her mental voice.

"*Right, then...*" you say, pulling your phone out with your free hand - Mami's claimed ownership of your other arm for cuddling purposes. You'd told Nadia fifteen minutes. "*Uh, remember I told you I might need a favour sometime?*"

"*Looking for some girl?*" Masami says. "*Uh... not today, but yeah?*"

Hm. You *had* been hoping they could take it up today, but you can understand that, and you're out of time now. You swerve through a sharp loop, dodging an errant chimney. "Hey, Nadia, we're heading to Sendai now."

"Ah? No luck?" Nadia says, green eyes sharp. "You have... sensory power too?"

"Yes and yes - I can detect Grief and magic," you say, responding simultaneously to Masami. "*Yeah, I've found confirmation of when and where she last turned her phone off. Or broke it, not sure. But I can't spend the time to physically check the area right now, any chance you could help?*"

Nadia nods in understanding. "Useful."

"*Sure,*" Masami says. "*Shouldn't be a problem if it isn't too far? How'd you find out?*"

"*Industrial district,*" you say, and tell her the address. "*Also, there's a girl in Ishinomaki who has tech powers.*"

"*Oh!*" Hiroko says. "*How'd you contact her? Could you put me in touch?*"

"*Uh, sure?*" you say. Mami stirs - she seems to have noticed your telepathic conversation. She peers up at your face, searching for something. You raise your eyebrows at her, and she smiles back before settling her head against your shoulder again. "*Anytime you're free?*"

Masami snickers in amusement. "*Oh bo-*"

"\*Yes, \*please!" Hiroko says, almost breathless with excitement. "*Now?*"

"*... sure?*" you say. "*Uh, do remember about searching for Kuroki?*"

"*I got it, yeah,*" Masami agrees. "Maybe *tonight, probably Monday.*"

"*Right,*" you say, and extend your mind. "*Miss Inoue?*"

"*Yes, Miss Sabrina?*" Yuuki responds almost immediately.

"*Uh, I've been asked to introduce you - this is Gaikotsu Masami and Wakahisa Hiroko,*" you say. "*I think they have a commission for you?*"

"*Ah, I see,*" Yuuki says. "*Good afternoon, Miss Gaikotsu, Miss Wakhisa.*"

You leave them to it, murmuring goodbyes and excusing yourself from the conversation. You admit to being *curious* about what project has Hiroko so excited, but it's probably not your place to ask. Besides, you can't imagine you won't find out inevitably.

... on the other hand, Hiroko might just want a less than legally licensed version of Photoshop or Maya or something. She does art, doesn't she?

Well, next call. You stretch your mind out, hunting for Chouko to let her know you're on the way over, and to check if she'd be OK with meeting you *and* the other Sendai group at the same time. She answers readily, as if she was waiting for your call - well, she might have been.

It turns out she'd rather meet you alone, so you guess you're doing that.

You shift, rolling your neck. "So we're going to meet the University group first, is that alright with everyone? And uh- does anyone mind if we get some enchanting practice done on the way there?"

Nadia laughs, rich and rolling. "I am not sure I will be able to *teach* you much, if that is what you want," she says. "I am not a teacher, *fimti*? I learned myself."

"Well, I *was* hoping for more eyes on," you admit. "Mami's awesome, and she's been helping me, of course, but um... you seem to be carrying a *lot* of enchanted gear. I thought a fresh perspective might be nice." You hug Mami, shooting her a quick smile to show that you don't think any less of her.

Nadia shrugs, the charms dangling from her belt tinkling with the motion.

Mami smiles back at you, sitting upright. "Actually, Miss Nadia, I was wondering... do you have a translation enchantment?"

"I do," Nadia says, raising a hand to touch her earrings. "They are not... *translation* exactly, they are like an automatic dictionary? They help me find the words, the grammar is hard."

"May I examine them?" Mami asks. You beam at her - she's definitely got something in mind.

You take a quick look out of the windshield. Despite the Witchy sensation, Nadia hasn't commented once about it, nor about the gigantic *mass* of Grief that trails behind you like a malignant swathe of spheres soaring through the sky. In any case, you're clear of anything you might run into, Mitakihara proper receding behind you.

"Hey, so I'm gonna take a few minutes to make something out of Grief, alright?" you say, glancing at both Sayaka and Nadia. They're the ones not quite in the know, after all.

Sayaka flashes you an absent thumbs up, clearly wrestling with a thought.

Nadia nods, already undoing her earrings for Mami to examine.

You claim a piece of Grief from the floor of the flying capsule, patching the whistling hole with more Grief drawn from your cloud. And so you reach deep into yourself for a familiar pattern, one you've already shaped before. Your will be *done*.

Grief moulds over your hand, fractal infinity giving way to burnished metal. The single gem gleams in its setting as the gauntlet takes form, and you clench your fist, grinning. "How long did that take, Mami?" you murmur.

"Um... five minutes?" she says. She's leaning comfortably against your shoulder, Nadia's earrings held in her hands. "Um... sorry, I wasn't watching the time."

"Ah, no problem," you say. "Sayaka, whatcha doing?"

The bleunette grins at you, holding up the crystallised powers she has. "Trying to see if I can store these better," she says. "I wanna see if I can make a... I dunno, a thing that gives me the exact gem I want when I want."

"Smart," you agree, and grin at Nadia. You can speak Darija, even if she doesn't have her translation earrings. "Are you doing alright, Nadia?"

She shrugs, looking amused. "I'm fine," she says, and points at the gauntlet on your hand. "What is that?"

"It's a tool that helps me with enchantment," you say, wiggling metal-clad fingers at her. "I'm not very good at enchanting, and this helps. The only problem is that it produces enchantments that unravel if they're taken out of my range."

"I see," Nadia says, blinking. "That's very useful. I assume the enchantments can be copied? Can other people use it?"

"Yes, and I would suppose so?" you say. "I've never considered that, actually. Would you like to try?"

Nadia purses her lips. "I'll pass, no offense."

"None taken," you say. "Then... I'm gonna try making some enchantments now."

Nadia waves, and returns to watching the landscape roll by beneath you.

You spend the rest of the time enchanting. The first thing you want is something that suppresses the feeling of active Grief. And that-

-*fails*, no matter how hard you force it. You're practicing with a random bit of wood Nadia dug out of a pocket for you, but no matter what, there's simply no *pattern* your magic can take, even with the help of your gauntlet.

Your frustration earns you amusement from Sayaka and Nadia, and a consoling hug from Mami.

You give up on *that* as you approach the outskirts of Sendai, and switch over to working on an enchantment to cleanse Soul Gems.

*That* gets you a blinding headache and a dangerous wobble in the flightpath. And also a smack on the head from Sayaka, and clear worry from Mami.

You sigh, giving it up on a bad job. You'd hoped to get more done before hitting Sendai, but at this point, you should probably concentrate on not crashing into things. You can multitask, but...

"I'm fine, Mami," you say, smiling reassuringly at her. "The headache's already fading. Just- just a bad interaction of my powers, I think. It happens when I try to shape something unusual."

"Maybe it's the gauntlet?" she says, slender fingers plucking gently at the edge of the metal gauntlet. "Some kind of feedback?"

"That's possible," you say. It would make sense, you suppose. Enchantments are one thing, but when you have your Grief-shaping in the loop, as it were, it might be a... well, a feedback loop of sorts. It would certainly explain the stabbing *icepick* of a migraine throbbing between your ears.

Sayaka's still working on her idea, though she's concluded that she wants some kind of cardboard or plastic to shape it out of. On the other hand, she's working with some contraption of sticks Nadia dug out from somewhere in her pockets, making it spin erratically with little sparks of magic.

Her annoyed pout is getting *increasingly* amusing.

At least Mami seemed to get something out of the examination of Nadia's earrings, handing them back after a while.

Eventually, you reach your destination - Tohoku University.

It's big.

It's *bigger* than *Shirome*.

And it's f*e*ncier than Mitakihara and Shirome Middle combined.

You can only describe it as postmodern Gothic architecture. Flying buttresses and spires, wrought not of stone but of glass and glittering chrome that almost *swoops* into the sky. The main building is a gigantic, airy affair that all but menaces with spikes and fences across its roof, overlooking a grassy field. The university green, probably, and that's where you were meeting the University girls.

Now that you think about that, they didn't look *that* much older than you. They can't all be university students, right?

You glide down for a landing on the nearest building. "Ladies and nonexistent gentlemen, welcome to Sendai airport. The local time is four PM, and temperature is a pleasant twenty degrees celsius. We hope you've had a pleasant flight, and thank you for flying Meguca Airlines."

"Oh, Sabrina," Mami says, giving you a fond smile as she stands, the Grief platform dissolving all around you. "Where are we meeting the University group?"

Nadia watches with interest as the Grief streams away.

"Yeah, where *are* we meeting them?" Sayaka asks.

"Uhh... Chouko said we'd meet at the main entrance to the University, then go to a nearby cafe," you say. "Shall we?"

\*\*Voting opens **May 9, 2017 at 4:00 AM
\[] What do you speak to the University girls about?
\[] Anything to follow up on?
\[] Do you ask about the Sendai Group?
\[] Do you offer Clear Seeds?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

I will attempt to cover the entire meeting in the next update. Vote accordingly.
