# A Red Letter Day pt. 16

"Sounds good to me!" Sayaka says, flashing you a V-for-victory sign.

And so you hop down to the alleyway below, leaving your Grief behind to brood on the roof. The blazes of light from your detransformation light up the brick walls, flickering bright one after another to leave you all in considerably more mundane wear.

Mami links elbows with you, sticking close as you head out of the alley. It's a bright, sunny day, pleasantly warm as you stroll up the main street leading to the grand wrought iron gates of the university. As you get nearer, you sense two meguca at the gates, standing together.

You spot them as you walk closer - Tsubaki Chouko and Suzuki Rei, leaning against the wall and conversing quietly. They look...

They look different, from when you'd last seen them. Chouko still has her pale blue hair in a braid settled over her shoulder, orange coloured eyes lighting up as she spots you. A broad smile splits her face, and she lifts one slender arm in a friendly wave. Rei looks up, following her friend's gaze. She smiles too, a little more reserved but no less pleased.

"You're popular," Sayaka murmurs.

"I guess I am!" you say.

They meet you halfway. They both look *lighter*, as if... well, there's nothing metaphorical about it. A load *has* been lifted from their shoulders, you suppose. They don't have the Sendai group breathing down their necks now. Rei's practically skipping.

"Hello!" Chouko says, beaming around at everyone. "Miss Sabrina, how are you? Miss- Miss Bennouna?"

"I'm doing fine, thank you," you say. You introduce everyone, walking and talking. Mami needs no introduction, of course, even beyond the fact that she was here with you the last time. To your lack of surprise, Nadia's been here before, too, though not recently. You let Nadia chat with them, catching up with recent events.

"And this way-" Rei's taken the lead, bringing you into a nearby apartment building. You can sense the other girls upstairs. "I live here with my sister," she explains as she unlocks the door. "Hey, everyone, they're here!"

The last two Tohoku University girls are lounging around the little apartment, relaxed and apparently content. That changes as soon as the door opens, though, and you're all but buried under the enthusiastic greetings - each and every one of the University girls are pretty pleased to see Mami and yourself.

It's almost festive in here, the Tohokus simply relaxing around the apartment, all content and pleased. It's a nice apartment, too, cheerful pastel colours painting the walls, with planters full of lush greenery set all over.

Sayaka seems quizzically amused, hanging back a little. But that won't do. You nudge her forward, introducing her to everyone: Umeko Yuko, the invisibility girl currently sitting on the end of the sofa, and Suzuki Haru, Rei's sister. Plants, if you recall, in sharp contrast to her bone-white hair and her sister's paper-and-*green* hair.

Come to think of it, the plants are probably Haru's doing. The platters of fresh grapes and strawberries and watermelon, too.

"So how's everyone been in the past week?" you ask nibbling on a slice of perfectly red and sweet watermelon.

"Good!" Chouko answers, a smirk tugging the side of her lips. "Miss Mori's ceded us back the territory they stole from us, and, well, life has been pretty good."

"Yeah," Haru chimes in, raising a laconic finger. She's hardly stirred from the sofa, draped over one armrest like a particularly fluid cat. She does grin at you, though. "Think you can get us visitation rights on Hamasaki? I'd *love* to laugh in her face."

"Haru..." Yuko chides, brushing back her plum-purple hair as she stands and waves you towards the sofa. "But really, thank you, Miss Sabrina."

"I couldn't stand by and not do anything," you say, moving over and sitting, Mami squeezing in beside you. Sayaka drags a chair over, but Nadia seems content to lean against a wall and observe in silence while munching on a handful of grapes. "So everything's good, then? Also, cleansing, everyone? Soul Gems and Grief Seeds?"

That does earn you a slightly wary look from Yuko. She probably remembers you grabbing Moe's Soul Gem, back in that Sendai fight.

It might be selfish, but some tiny, quiet part of you is glad to avoid the awkwardness of going to offer the Fukushima girls cleansing, too.

"Yeah," Chouko says, holding her palm out as her Soul Gem shimmers into its egg form. You're presented with a glittering array of Gems and Grief Seeds -they've been *saving*- that you cleanse, wiping free the Grief and sending it flowing out the window.

"Thank you, Miss Sabrina," Chouko says, beaming at you as she inspects her Soul Gem.

"No problem," you say, flashing a smile and reaching into your pockets. "Now, uh... I have a proposition for all of yo-" Sayaka nudges you in the side, grinning cheekily. "Aaaaand a favour to ask of all of you for Sayaka- actually, Sayaka, do you want to take this?"

Sayaka grins, and shoots to her feet. "Gladly," she says, essaying a little wave. "Hi everyone, my magic lets me copy other people's powers. May I copy your powers? I don't take them away from you or anything, I just get to play with your powers."

"And there's no downsides or anything?" Rei asks, perched on the armrest next to her sister.

"There aren't," Mami offers, sitting up straight. "We've tested it with my powers."

"I see," Chouko says. She's the first to step forward, and with the dam broken, Sayaka soon has another set of four powers: flight, plant control, paper control, and invisibility.

"You mentioned a proposition, Miss Sabrina?" Chouko asks, turning back to you.

You swallow your mouthful of watermelon. "Yeah," you say, holding up the Clear Seed.
You launch into your standard spiel about the Clear Seeds, caveats, likelihood of being targetted and all. "And, uh... just for the record, I do intend to meet with the Sendai group later. They've been quiet, right? With that in mind, I'm probably going to offer them one, too."

That sets off some discussion, worried looks exchanged between the girls.

"Can we... persuade you *not* to give one to them?" Chouko ventures.

"I would *strongly* prefer to be able to offer it to them. Whether they accept is their prerogative," you say, wincing.

"And if they start making trouble again, this time with unlimited magic?" Yuko asks, frowning heavily at you. "Miss Mori has been peaceable so far, but there's no guarantee that the others won't take over. Or Hamasaki waking up from her... whatever it is."

"Then you holler for us, we come back and knock their heads together," you say simply. "I understand your worries. I understand you might become targets, if other magical girls hear about you having a Clear Seed. But I don't want to leave magical girls in the lurch."

"And..." you hesitate for a split second. "Have you learned about the Marshall Plan? In history? It's better to not leave the people you defeated impoverished, because that might drive them to desperation. And I apologise if this is a touchy thing, but you girls *know* how bad scarcity of Grief Seeds can get, right?"

Chouko sighs, as does Yuko. The sisters look rather *tired*.

"We do. And I understand your position," Chouko admits. "We accept. Will you help, if we *are* attacked?"

"Of course," you say. "Well... to be honest, if someone comes after you for the Clear Seed, and you can't fight back, you might as well just give it to them. I can always make you a new one, and then I can go after *them*. Better that than you get hurt, right?"

Chouko nods slowly, looking thoughtful - as do the rest of the Tohokus. "Understood," she says. "Then... I presume you will need a Grief Seed to empty out?"

"Yeah," you say. "And a few minutes."

The blue haired girl hands one over to you, and you accept it with a smile. Mami gives you a little smile, wrapping her arm around your waist and nestling closer as you take a few breaths to center yourself.

"... by the way," you say, starting to reach into the Grief Seed with your will. "Look, you're the Tohoku University group, right?"

"Yes?" Chouko says, tilting her head curiously.

"Has anyone ever called you the Touhou girls?" you ask. "I ask because... Touhou, Tohoku?"

"... I don't thin-"

Nadia barks an amused laugh, popping off the wall. "I have heard that one!" she says.

Rei groans, burying her face in her hands. "There are people out there who know me as one of the Touhou girls," she mutters in mortified despair.

You snicker, turning the majority of your focus to the Grief Seed, fractal nightmare of Grief already bleeding into the air to drift out the open window. It's heavy lifting: not complicated, but something that takes some *effort* to accomplish. You listen with half an ear to the conversation - Sayaka and Mami start chatting with the Ishinomaki girls, Nadia still content to observe.

Observe *you*, specifically, her eyes boring into the back of your head. To be fair, it's not like she's alone - all of the University girls give the drifting Grief uneasy looks. The only person in the room who *doesn't* give you odd looks is Mami, and that's because she has her head pillowed comfortably against your shoulder.

"Oh, Chouko," you say, raising your eyes to give her a grin. "I wanna challenge you to a flying contest sometime. Or just hang out, really, one of two."

"What'll you give us when you lose?" Chouko says, grinning challengingly.

"Iunno. I'm already giving you a Clear Seed," you shrug, grinning back.

"Nah, race *me!*" Sayaka says with a wide smirk.

"Yes, that," you say, pointing a finger at Sayaka. "Anyway, I *would* like to hang out sometime, if you guys want."

"Sure," Chouko says. "We'd all be happy to, I think."

"Yeah," Haru says, waving a lazy arm in the air.

It doesn't take you too much longer to complete the Clear Seed, sending the last of the Grief sailing out through the window in billowing wisps. You collect it all into the titanic, brooding mass sitting on the window - at this point, you have enough to build a small apartment building in its entirety. Or a hotel.

"And here we are," you say, presenting the Clear Seed to Chouko. You repeat your warnings and requests to her. "Just... be excellent to other magical girls. Help them if you can, and send them to me if you can't."

"Of course," Chouko says, taking the Clear Seed with hands that shake just a bit. There's clear awe in her eyes, the other University girls crowding around to take a look. Even Haru deigns to lever herself off the sofa to have a closer inspection.

"Thank you, Miss Sabrina," Rei says, bowing to you. And that sets off the others, all four of the Tohoku girls bowing deeply to you.

You wave it off, a little uncomfortable with their gratitude, and with that done, banter with them a little more. It turns out Haru *is* the one growing the fruit served, demonstrated when she casually sprouts a handful of fresh, juicy plums off a vine for everyone.

... plums don't even grow on vines. And you're pretty sure that was a *grape* vine she grew the plums on, which is just all kinds of wrong, but then again, magic is *such* bullshit.

Eventually, it's time to go - all the University group girls see you off at the foyer of the building, waving.

You wave back as you leave, a bounce in your step.

Mami smiles at you, eyes warm. "You've done a good thing," she says softly.

Not softly enough, it turns out. Nadia belts out a loud laugh. "I said it earlier, but *you* are *mad*, Sabrina," she says.

"I must be. Or I wouldn't have come here," you agree, smirking. "Anything in particular?"

"You are giving away your Clear Seeds," Nadia says. "They are probably the most valuable things in the *world* right now, *fimti*?"

"Eh," you say. "I want to help people. And I *told* you as much, didn't I?"

"It is a different thing to *see* it," she says, and grins. "I will carry word of you, as far as I go. You will be famous."

**Voting opens**May 13, 2017 at 1:00 AM

- [ ] Any particular reaction to Nadia?
- [ ] Go to the Sendai Group
- [ ] Anything in particular to say?
- [ ] Cleansing, refreshing their Grief Seeds
- [ ] Offer a Clear Seed
- [ ] Look in on Akiko?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

The next vote will take you through to the Sendai Group (unless you vote otherwise, of course).
