# A Red Letter Day pt. 17

You laugh.

"That's the idea," you say. You grin right back at her, fierce and pleased. "I *want* to be famous. Or- I want what *comes* with being famous. These aren't my Grief Seeds I'm giving out." You exhale, and hold your free hand out to her. "Thank you for believing and helping me, Nadia. I... I *will* fix this."

Instead of shaking your hand, she clasps it, palm to palm. "Hold on to that optimism, *fimti*? You will need it."

"She's not going to do it alone," Mami says, squeezing your free hand with her interlaced fingers.

"I see she is not," Nadia says, nodding.

Sayaka harumphs, folding her arms. "You know, I still don't get why this is such a big deal," she grumbles, the smirk ticking the side of her mouth giving lie to her faked discontent. "But it *is* a big deal, I know that. If we're doing all these dramatic declarations of support, I'm in too."

The street's not too crowded, so you unclasp your hand and wheel to face Sayaka, Mami moving in perfect synchronisation. "Sayaka, I'm not sure I've said it in these words before, but we four in Mitakihara? You, Homura, Mami, me? We are privileged. *We* are the one percent of the one percent. You've seen some of what it's like for everyone else. Nadia wasn't kidding when she said Clear Seeds might be the most valuable things in the world."

"I've been getting that impression, yeah," Sayaka says. "I... bah. Look, I don't need a speech, I'm in. Like I said."

You snort softly. "Sorry, it's a habit," you offer half-heartedly.

Sayaka rolls her eyes. "Right. Wasn't there one last group we're here to see?"

"Yeah, uh, about that," you say, rubbing your nose. "I should probably let them know we're here? And then we should probably find some way to occupy ourselves for a bit so that, uh, they don't know we're here without permission?"

Mami muffles a giggle against her hand. Nadia, of course, has no such reservations, throwing her head back and laughing. "Always something funny," she gasps, eyes dancing.

You sigh, rolling your eyes. Mami squeezes your hand, tugging you onwards as you reach out by telepathy. "*Hello, Miss Mori?*"

"*Ah, Miss Sabrina,*" the healer responds a few seconds later. "*I've been expecting your call.*"

"*Oh, good,*" you say, willingly following as Mami strolls onwards aimlessly. You'd told her that you were coming, yes, but you haven't contacted her *today*. Which, really, brings you to your dilemma, and a bit of a white lie. "*Hey, can I drop by for the cleansing soon? The rest of the group won't get upset?*"

A heavy sigh flows over the telepathic link. "*Feel free to drop by,*" she says. "*For free cleansing, they... we will tolerate you. Akiko...*"

You hear the shrug. "*I see,*" you say. You don't, really, but you *will*, with your own two eyes. Akiko can't still be catatonic, can she? "*I'll be along soon, then.*"

"*See you,*" Rin says.

"*See you,*" you echo. The white lie, pretending that you aren't technically already here without their knowledge... It smooths many feathers, you suppose. You can imagine the stream of invective, starting mostly with the letter 'f', coming from Sakura if you didn't. Then again, you might be getting that anyway, and it's not like you know the rest of Rin's crew all that well, right.

"Alrighty," you say, smiling at Mami. "We have... ah, twenty minutes to spend?"

"Hmm... I wonder if there are any music shops around?" Sayaka muses. "Or an arcade?"

"We passed a music shop," Mami says.

"Oh yeah, you're right!" Sayaka says, pivoting on her foot. "C'mon!"

"Getting more music for *Kwasuke-kun*, eh?" you say, waggling your eyebrows at Sayaka.

She flushes red. "It's not like that! I genuinely like the music!"

"Ah, but of course," Mami says, nodding wisely. "You also like sharing it\~"

Sayaka blushes brighter, and sticks her nose in the air as she marches away. "I'm ignoring you two now."

"'Kwasuke-kun'," Nadia muses, pursing her lips. "'-kun' is for boys."

"Mmmmhm," you say. "And well, *maybe*, to answer your next question."

"Ah," Nadia says, rubbing her chin thoughtfully. "I understand."

Mami giggles, hugging your arm closer.

"Anyway, shall we? Though-" you don't need to *look* to feel the masses of Grief you have. You know where each and every single piece is: the bag full of marbles bouncing at your side, outlining the deadly shape of the *obrez*, the monstrously large primary mass of Grief you direct over the rooftops in an endless waterfall of malevolently dark spheres...

"Though?" Mami says.

"I think I'll step out for a moment, when we reach the music store?" you say, coming to a decision. "I need to drop off the Grief, I have *way* too much, and it's getting impractical."

Mami's eyes flick up to yours, and you see comprehension fade into *worry*. "I-"

You stop, and pull her into a proper hug. You get *looks* from the passersby, but you don't care. Mami's the only thing that's important. She hugs back with crushing force, clinging tight to you. You stroke her back in slow, soothing circles. "It's OK, Mami."

She sniffs quietly. "I-I'm sorry. I s-shouldn't-"

"No," you whisper. "There isn't a *shouldn't*. You feel how you feel, alright? And I'm willing to give you all the time and attention you need for you to feel better."

"I-I know," she says, pulling back far enough to give you a smile that's only just a bit teary. "I know. It's just- hard."

"I know," you whisper, smiling back. "I'm still here, right?"

She indulges in the hug a few moments longer, before pulling back. You see the way her lips move, shaping the first syllable of 'sorry' before she dips her head and smiles hesitantly at you.

You take her hand, interlacing your fingers with hers, and look up to find Sayaka standing with her back to the two of you, glowering at the curious pedestrians. She must have noticed, and hurried back. You give her a grateful smile. Clear cerulean eyes meet yours, and she smirks.

"Um... shall we go to that music store?" Mami suggests in a rather small voice.

"Yeah," Sayaka says, grinning to smooth over the awkward silence. "Let's go!"

You squeeze Mami's hand, and follow. The music store's set in the front of a large, airy building. You don't head in, but you give Mami one more tight hug and a promise to return as fast as you can. You give Sayaka a sharp look, and she rolls her eyes before nodding. You turn away and down the nearest alleyway, scaling the side of the building in a few rapid bounds.

"*Kyuubey,*" you call, shaking brick dust off your hand from where you'd trailed it up the wall. "*I have Grief for you.*"

"*The Grief is always appreciated, Sabrina,*" the Incubator's words flow into your mind promptly, the little white alien's body stalking out from behind the stairwell. "*As will the reduced workload from having to modify memories of people who see your Grief.*"

It almost sounds like the Incubator's *scolding* you. And it's not like you're *happy* about those mindwipes, but... you just want this done quick and smoothly so you can make good on your promise and get back to the important things. Like Mami. So you're just going to ignore that.

Instead, you summon the Grief to yourself with a wave of your hand, a gigantic wave of spheres cascading down towards you. The Incubator watches with unblinkingly, fluffy tail lashing in slow, metronomic motions.

"*Do you know how much trouble you're going to cause with the Clear Seeds?*" Kyuubey asks.

"Lots, or so everyone tells me," you say, eyeing the Grief. You leave a decent chunk for everyday use, and you make *damned* sure you seperate out all the spheres containing your stuff. Homura's notebook, particularly. The rest you draw together into a titanic, ominous sphere that hovers over your heads.

Without being prompted, Kyuubey presents its back to you. You spin Grief off the main mass, ostensible solid flowing like liquid into a slender, pouring stream that you drive into the hole in the Incubator's back. You'd briefly considered compressing it, but it's not like you *need* to, and you don't really want to broadcast the sensation of *Witch*, anyway.

Grief under your control moves *fast*, all but blistering the air as you slam it through the hole. The deep purple sphere bleeds mass, waves crawling across its surface as you siphon away congealed despair. It dwindles smaller and smaller, the downdraft of air dragged along by the Grief enough to rustle the hem of your shirt until there's nothing, the last, slender spike of Grief driven into the Incubator.

"*Thank you for the Grief,*" Kyuubey says, pawing at itself. It rolls over to fix you with glassy pink eyes.

"Thank you for taking it off my hands," you say, rolling your eyes. Seems to be the thing to do. Without another word, you turn on a heel and drop off the side of the roof, landing in a smooth crouch. You smooth your clothes down and wander out of the alleyway to find your friends.

Mami's eyes are already rising to meet yours through the glass front of the store before you round the corner. That preternatural sixth or seventh sense of hers, heh. She practically teleports to you, and you greet her with a hug that sweeps her off her feet.

"Hey," you say, smiling at her. "Are you OK?"

"Better now," she says, the anxiety melting off her face as she smiles back at you.

Sayaka waves at you through the window, pointing at her basket, and then the counter. You flash her a thumbs up - that gives you a bit of time to cuddle with Mami, anyway. You're not going to object about *that*.

Nadia and Sayaka rejoin you a few minutes later, Sayaka swinging a small plastic bag from her finger. Checking your phone, you decide that enough time has passed, which means it's time to go and meet the Sendai girls.

Neutral territory, a park, so you get airborne. Well, neutral for *this* meeting, anyway; a meeting with the University girls wouldn't be *neutral* in a park for Haru to bend to her will. The four of you get airborne, and along the way, you explain the situation to Sayaka and Nadia both.

You make particular note of the whole Kato Setsuko... anomaly that triggered off the whole mess, of course. You still haven't gotten to the root of that, the missing girl who might have started off Akiko's obsession with Grief Seeds. You *think* that she Witched out in Ishinomaki territory, whether because of the Ishinomaki Group's actions or not, and that set off everything.

But you're not sure.

Eventually, you're descending towards a building near the park, rather than try to land your Mobile Oppression Fortress in a crowded location. And it *is* crowded. Sunday in a fairly large city, of cour-

A surge of magic.

*Vwwp.*

Sayaka yelps, spinning on the spot. Shining steel flashes into existence, Sayaka brandishing a sword at the newcomer.

Sakura -who else would it be?- glares back, arms folded over her brown jacket and white undershirt. She doesn't even have a weapon but for a scowl directed at Sayaka. "Put that fucking toy away," she growls. "I'm not here to fight."

"Then don't- don't startle us like that!" Sayaka snaps back. She does lower her sword, though.

Mami's free hand eases from a clenched fist, and you feel the subtle, *subtle* magic of a ribbon dissolving. You didn't even *see* it.

Nadia seems completely unruffled by the altercation, tilting her head in that birdlike manner of hers. "Tachibana Sakura?" she asks.

"Yeah? Oh. You." It takes a moment for Sakura recognise the traveller, and she unwinds far enough to give her a short bow. "You're with the Witch Girl?"

"I am passing through, and she has been gracious enough to give me a lift and allow me to observe, *fimti*?" Nadia says with an amused smirk and a gesture at you.

Sakura folds her arms again, turning to you. "Anyway, Rin sent me to check whether that was you," she mutters. "As if there was any doubt, *Witch girl*. They're at the big pavilion."

*Vwwp.*

Sayaka blinks at the space where Sakura had been, expression twisted in disbelief. "She's... friendly."

"Yeah, I was hoping she'd have mellowed out over the week," you say with a sigh. "She seems to have, ah, simmered nicely in her dislike."

"Jeeze, she doesn't need to take an ass-kicking *that* personally," Sayaka mutters. "Shall we go?"

"Yeah, we probably should," you say with a sigh, choosing not to get into the matter of, well, Akiko. You'd covered it already, no point bringing it up again. Mami squeezes your hand, giving you an encouraging look.

Nadia laughs again, apparently amused. "It is just ruffled feathers," she says. "They will get over it, or they will not."

You sigh again, hopping off the edge of the roof. Mami doesn't let your hand go, following you down and landing in easy tandem with you. All four of you stroll out onto the street and over to the park, threading the crowds.

There are three of them at the pavillion, three out of five. Akiko and someone left as a caretaker, you'd assume.

Rin stands as you approach, giving you a small, but genuine smile that touches her green eyes. "Good to see you, Sabrina," she says. Sakura's *not* here. Instead, you see Minami Yumi, dressed in a close-cut green blouse that complements her iron grey hair. Gravity, if you recall correctly.

Well, you *also* recall snatching her Soul Gem from her and fighting a brief, one-sided tug of war with her gravity powers for it. Which would explain how *strained* her polite smile and murmured niceties are. On Rin's right is Tanaka Tamiko, the girl with the iridescent, orange-tinted force fields. She brushes back her long hair, giving you a sharp nod.

"Good to see you too, Rin," you say. "Um, so this is Mami, of course, she was here last time. This is Miki Sayaka, my friend, and Bennouna Nadia."

Nadia nods, taking a step forward to shake Rin's hand. There's a spark of recognition in Tamiko and Yumi's expression, but not to Rin - it seems like she actually hasn't met Nadia before. The Moroccan girl's in her element as she introduces herself and explains what she does, Rin nodding along.

The healer seems a tad surprised, but hides it well.

"Ah, but I do not mean to steal the spotlight," Nadia says. "Sabrina?"

"Right, thanks," you say. "Anyway, is everything going well, Rin?"

"They are, thank you," Rin says with a careful nod. She brushes back her black hair. "It's been a quiet week, really, and things have needed some... settling into."

"Yeah," you say, wincing. You don't want to undermine her authority - hell, you're not absolutely sure what the situation's like. Is she leading by dint of having *seized* power, or whether because they are willing to follow. "How's hunting been?"

"Hunting is... sustainable," Rin says. "We've given some territory back to Miss Chouko's group."

Tamiko tilts her head, giving Rin a *look*.

"Well, that's good," you say, a little at a loss for small talk. "So, uh... cleansing?"

"That would be appreciated," Rin says with a little smile. She offers her Soul Gem readily, emerald green Gem sparkling in the sun. Tamiko tenses as she produces hers, keeping it caged between her fingers, as does Yumi. You're presented with a generous array of Grief Seeds, too. More than you'd expect, for their group, but then...

Akiko had been stockpiling, hadn't she?

You take a breath, and wipe them all clean with a theatric wave of your hands. Fractal banners of Grief drift free, winding around you and collapsing into little marbles that you send streaming away.

Tamiko tucks her Soul Gem away with a little more alacrity than is strictly *polite*, but you don't grudge her that.

"So, uh... how's Akiko?" you ask carefully.

Rin's expression goes blank. "She's... coherent. Why?"

**\[] Offer a Clear Seed (conditions and warnings will be automatic)
\[] Ask to allow Sayaka to copy powers
\[] Ask after Akiko
\- \[] Ask to see Akiko
\- \[] Write-in how
\[] Avoid the subject, leave
\- \[] Write-in what to do
\[] Write-in**

\*\*Voting opens **May 16, 2017 at 10:00 PM
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Apologies for cutting this one off a little early, but the update's starting to get a little too long. The key write-in in this vote is about Akiko; what, specifically, do you want to do?
