# A Red Letter Day pt. 19

"The Clear Seed is *free*," you say, shaking your head. "Replaceable, even. You just saw me make one, all it takes is a Grief Seed, and-" You tap a finger against the Soul Gem on your longcoat, drawing forth a wispy streamer of billowing, fractal purple which you banish to join the rest of the Grief. "-just a bit of time."

"I- I see," Rin says. "Then *thank* you, Sabrina. You have our gratitude."

"You're welcome," you say, shaking your head with a smile. "Can you tell... can you tell Akiko I'm sorry? If you think she's ready for it. And that... I'd like to talk to her sometime?"

You'd debated with yourself whether to tell them about what forming a Clear Seed does to the Witch within it. You have a *guess* that Akiko saw Setsuko Witch out, contributing to her obsession with Grief Seeds. And if she *has* Setsuko's Grief Seed... would she want it calmed down?

It's a bit of a long shot. And ultimately, there was no way to gracefully insert it into the conversation except as a rather *odd* tangent. Which you of all people could probably get away with, in retrospect, but you weren't *sure*.

"I will find a time to do so," Rin promises.

"Also... have you heard from the Fukushima group?" you ask.

"No," Rin says, shaking her head. "Not after they went home. Are you thinking of extending your aid to them, too?"

"I want to extend help to *every single magical girl*, eventually," you say. "Hm... Well, if you haven't heard from them, I guess I'll go drop by at some point, maybe. Not very sure about that."

"I understand," Rin says. "If you need our help to mediate a meeting, feel free to ask?"

"Thanks," you say, flashing her a smile. "Now, my turn to ask - is there anything left? Rin? Mami, Sayaka, Nadia?"

"If you're sure there's nothing else we can offer in return for the Clear Seed?" Rin says, and continues when you shake your head. "Then no."

Sayaka shakes her head, tucking away the power gems into her pockets. "Nope," she says. Nadia shakes her head, too.

"Then for now, farewell," you say, standing. Mami rises smoothly at your side, followed belatedly by Nadia and Sayaka. "I'm not entirely sure when I'll drop by again, but hopefully soon? And... honestly? I hope we can be friends, in the future. I know I've caused you all a lot of trouble, but... yeah."

"I'd like that too," Rin says with a smile as she stands and bows to you. "I think we all would."

Yumi rolls her eyes, pushing herself to her feet. "Better than having you as an enemy, I'd say."

Tamiko swats her on the arm, and bows to you, too.

"See you all!" you say, bowing in return. Exchanging your goodbyes, you head out, Mami taking your arm.

Nadia ambles over to your other side. "Can I ask for a ride?"

"Of course," you say, quirking an eyebrow at her. "I was going to offer you one, actually. Where do you need to go?"

"Northeast Sendai," Nadia says. "It is not too far out of the way, and I can make it to Shiogama easily."

"Ah," Sayaka says, grimacing. "The group that was... broken?"

"Yes," Nadia says, with a nod. "I will tell them to travel to Mitakihara."

"I *could* fly you all the way there?" you suggest, bobbing to the side to allow a passerby to walk between you and Nadia. "And then wait to pick them up?"

Nadia shakes her head. "Unless you are willing to wait for a few days, I do not think they can drop *everything* to move so quickly?"

"Well, I don't really know anything about them," you say, ambling down an alleyway. You bound up the rough brick wall, Mami, Nadia, and Sayaka following. "Watanabe Noriko and Saito Akemi, right? I presume they're good people, since you're sending them my way."

"That is true," Nadia says, ruminating for a moment. "They were both pleasant people. Their teammate's loss hit them hard, they are mourning, *fimti*? They do not live as peacefully, they have become harsher."

"Right, thanks," you say, guiding in Grief with a wave of your hands and starting to form your Grief platform.

"So be extra-nice to them?" Sayaka asks. You loop a ball of Grief around her head, and she gives you a scowl, to which you respond with an unrepentant grin.

"I do not know," Nadia says with a shrug. "They were prickly. But they will be glad for the help, I think."

"We'll give them a nice welcome," you say, finishing the flight platform. "And then figure out what they *want*. Now, all aboard!"

"Mm," Nadia agrees, stepping up.

Mami cuddles against your side as soon as you sit down. You smile at her, wrapping an arm around her waist. "Are you alright?" you ask. "You've been a bit quiet."

She takes a shaky breath. "I'm alright," she says. "Just... I realise how much of your time I take up. You do so much *good*, Sabrina."

"And one of the best things I've done was helping *you*," you say, smiling at her as you lift off the platform. "So no, there aren't *better* things I could do with my time than spending it with you, Mami."

That earns you a smile. "Thank you, Sabrina," she says. "I- I'll try and keep it in mind."

You bank the platform, and head northeast as Nadia requested. Sayaka seems preoccupied, sorting through the pocketful of power gems she'd collected with a thoughtful frown. Nadia relaxes, taking full advantage of the back end of your mobile oppression fortress to sprawl out comfortably, looking up at the sky whizzing by.

You keep an eye on the city rolling past, the skyscrapers giving way to the many, many apartment buildings and smaller shopping centers. You glance back at Nadia. "You're sure I can't take you further?"

She cracks one eye open from her half-doze. "You can," she says amiably. "But I like to go alone. It is... relaxing to travel alone, *fimti*? I might drop by after!"

Nadia pauses, tapping her chin thoughtfully. "I might bring the Shiogama girls over," she says, frowning as she stands and leans over the side of the platform. "Maybe. I will see. Here is fine."

"Alrighty, then. Don't be a stranger, alright? And yeah, feel free to come back any time, I think we'd all love to hang out," you say, standing. You eye her, trying to decide whether to give her a hug or not.

Hm, maybe not. You switch to Darija and telepathy. "Goodbye for now, Nadia. Good luck, and safe travels!" Into her mind, you breathe the words, "*Do you know any good restaurants in Italy?*"

"Goodbye, Sabrina. I'd wish you good luck, but I think you make your own," she responds in the same language before turning to Mami and Sayaka. "Farewell, Tomoe Mami, Miki Sayaka. I wish you all the best."

She responds to you as your friends exchange farewells with her. "*I ate at Da Vittorio once,*" she says. "*It would be perfect for a date.*"

... somehow, she manages to convey the impression of *winking* at you without so much as glancing in your direction.

She bows one last time to you, then Mami, then Sayaka before putting a hand on the edge of the platform and vaulting over and shifting to a smooth stride away. With absolutely nothing supporting her. Without looking back, Nadia lifts her hand in a careless wave as she marches away on thin air, faint shimmers around her feet.

Mami waves, an amused smile on her face at Sayaka's gobsmacked expression.

Said expression morphs into thoughtful interest a few seconds later. "I can do that," Sayaka says thoughtfully, thumbing through the gems in her pocket.

"Didn't you copy Chouko's powers too?" you ask. "She can *fly*, you know."

"Yeah, but *that* is cool," Sayaka says, pointing at Nadia's receding form.

"Yeah, fine, it is," you concede. "Well. Shall we go home?"

"Home," Mami says with a smile, sitting and tugging hopefully at your arm. Of course, you take *that* invitation to sit down and give her a side-long hug.

"Home!" Sayaka says, grinning. "Man, I've got *ideas* for these powers. Actually, Mami, Sabrina, lemme run them past you?"

"Of course," Mami says, nestling against your side, but tilting her head far enough to peer at Sayaka. You bank your flying fortress around, sparing a glance to check that you're headed in the right direction.

"So..." Sayaka holds up a few gems in her hand, each one supported between two fingers. "I want to make a kind of... I dunno, selector? Basically, a wheel with powers stacked on it. If Mami can teach me how to do that trick where she hides the teacup, I could have the exact power I want on demand."

"Good thinking, Sayaka" Mami says, frowning in thought. "Certainly, I can teach you that enchantment, but it may take time to learn. Have you been giving thought to which powers would make good combinations?"

"Yeah," Sayaka agrees. "I think I need to train in how many I can manage at once, too. I did alright with your ribbons and Miss Bennouna's magic, but I don't really know if I can handle three or four or five at once. I'll need to test it out."

"Good," Mami says, humming quietly. "If you can handle three, there are so many amazing combinations."

"Invisibility, lightning, and flight," you offer with a smirk. "Or the super-eyesight you mentioned? But if I recall correctly, Miss Sato's lightning had some serious power behind it. If you could do it invisibly..."

"Or invisibility and ribbons," Sayaka says with a grin. "I could sneak up on *anyone* and trap them."

"And if you could use, ah, Miss Koizumi's cloning with that..." Mami says, beaming. "You could tie down the entire battlefield."

"Like *you* can't do that already, Mami," you say, smiling at her.

"Well... true, but now Sayaka can, too," Mami says, blushing a little.

"Bet you'd do it more stylishly, though," you say. "No offense, Sayaka."

"None taken," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes.

"Also, hey," you say, squeezing Mami a little. "Maybe we could figure out how to stabilise your ribbon-clone, Mami? I bet *that'd* be a nasty surprise for anyone -or any*thing*- you might fight."

"It depends on how Miss Koizumi's clones work," Mami says. "But maybe!"

You chat happily with Mami and Sayaka as you soar home. You track along the railway lines, overtaking the snaking trains as you zip past. All too soon, the countryside and farmer's fields give way once more to the suburban sprawl, the skyscrapers of Mitakihara spiking up into the sky ahead of you.

"*Hey Homura, hey Madoka!*" you call, hooking Mami and Sayaka into the loop. "*We're back!*"

"*Ah! Hello, Sabrina!*" Madoka says.

"*Oi, we're here too!*" Sayaka pipes up.

"*Oh, Sayaka, Mami!*" Madoka responds. "*How was the trip?*"

"*Good, good,*" Sayaka says. "*I copied a whole bunch of cool powers!*"

"*Ah, that's good!*" Madoka says.

"*Welcome back,*" Homura says, toneless as ever.

"*Hey, Homura,*" you say as you zip over the apartment buildings of Mitakihara. "*We're back, safe and sound as promised.*"

"*Good,*" she says quietly.

"*It's good to hear from you two,*" Mami says. "*How have *you* been?*"

"*We're doing alright,*" Madoka says. "*Homura's helping me with homework!*"

"*Uuuugh,*" Sayaka groans, putting a dramatically aggrieved hand to her forehead. "*I've gotta do that too. Don't leave me out! Wait- what homework are you doing?*"

"*Oh!*" Madoka says. "*Um, Homura suggested that we could work on next week's classes as preparation? You can come over, if you like? She's really helpful!*"

"*Yeah, sounds good to me,*" Sayaka says. "*Sabrina?*"

"*One drop off at Madoka's place, coming right up,*" you say. "*Want me to just *drop* you off?*"

Sayaka considers this for a moment. "*Nah. Madoka's father might kill me if I damaged the tomato plants.*"

"*Sayaka!*" Madoka squeaks.

"*What? I'm just saying!*" Sayaka says.

Mami buries her face against your side, muffling her giggles. "They *are* very nice tomato plants," she whispers to you.

"True." You snicker as you guide your flying platform in for a low pass over a convenient copse of trees near the Kaname's. You offer her a high-five. "Sayaka? Here's your stop\~"

"Oh?" Sayaka says, absently slapping her hand against yours and holding it up for Mami as she peers around. "Oh, yeah. Hard to recognise from up here. Yup, see you later!"

She vaults over the side, cape billowing like a white banner as she lets herself drop towards the patch of greenery. You pull up, reassured by the burst of cerulean blue light of Sayaka's detransformation a few minutes later - and you're not so far away that you can't see the bleunette emerge from the trees and wave to you.

Mami sighs happily, and nestles a little closer into your side. "You did good today," she murmurs to you.

"Thanks, Mami," you say. "Means a lot, coming from you."

\*\*Voting opens **May 24, 2017 at 10:00 PM
- [ ] Go with Mami to buy the things Kirika wanted.
- [ ] Head home
  - [ ] What to do at home?
- [ ] Talk with Mami about Kyouko training Sayaka once you're alone.
  - [ ] Specify topics
- [ ] Visit the Mikunis
- [ ] Broach the subject of Asunaro
- [ ] Timeskip
  - [ ] Where to?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

And here we are, back in familiar stomping grounds.
