# A Red Letter Day pt. 23.5

You suck in a breath, turning that over. You're all but certain that that's not the be-all or end-all of Airi's powers. Frankly, you *know* she has more capabilities than that.

Though it *does* seem like Oriko saw a future where you don't intervene until much later and things have... degenerated considerably. Which is unfortunate, but hopefully means you have a chance of stepping in *now* to prevent things from ballooning.

Thoughts and plans start crystallising in your head, but before you can do anything, you need *information*.

"OK, OK," you say, rubbing your face. "Uh, right. First. Thank you very much, Oriko. Second, did you see Hijiri 'connecting' with the powers of any magical girls *not* from the Pleiades?"

Oriko frowns in perplexity. "I'm not sure I understand the question."

"Right," you say. "Sorry. Hijiri Kanna's powers, to my knowledge, are to 'connect' to magical girls, effectively copying their powers in such a way that she can synthesize them *together*. It's an utterly broken power with what she has available to her. It'd be worse if she can copy other people's powers."

Homura's expression goes utterly flat as she soaks in *that* tidbit.

"I see," Oriko says. "I'm afraid that I cannot give you a definitive answer, but no, not as far as I remember."

"Right," you say, thinking hard. "Uhh. Hm. OK, uh - Mami?" You turn to her, smiling warmly. "Would you be willing to help me contact Kazusa? I completely understand if you don't want to, and... it's alright to say no."

Mami swallows, meeting your eyes. She visibly steels herself, and nods. "I would," she says, managing a weak smile.

"Thank you, Mami," you say, giving her a smile and pulling her into a proper hug. You hold her for a few moments before separating to find that Kirika had apparently taken opportunity of the lull to migrate onto Oriko's lap.

The black haired girl winks at you.

"... right," you say. "Uh, Oriko, Kirika, while we do that, can I ask you to help me look up recent news of bomb threats in Asunaro?"

Kirika's face twists into an almost comical mask of confusion. "Uh, sure?"

"*As far as I know,* bomb threats are... kind of how the events really, ah, kick off in Asunaro," you explain.

"Ahhhh," Kirika says, bobbing her head with a look of wise comprehension. She looks to Oriko.

"Please," she says with a smile.

Homura relaxes a tiny fraction as Kirika hops to her feet, bouncing out of your little privacy field and disappearing upstairs. Her hand doesn't stray far from the rim of her shield, however. It hasn't moved from there throughout the entire conversation.

... small steps. It's not open hostility.

"Righty," you say, pushing yourself to your feet. Mami's arm slides limply off your waist, and she makes a tiny, protesting noise. You smile at her, grabbing your little Grief construct by the pedestal. "I'm going nowhere - just moving this."

You move the construct off to the side of the room, so that the sofa's out of range of the bubble, and then you retreat to the sofa to draw Mami into a hug. She clings to you, tucking herself under your arm and nestling close.

"Nope!" Kirika's voice yells from somewhere upstairs, preceding the black haired girl wandering downstairs with one arm cradling a laptop. "Got nothing on bomb threats."

"Kirika," Oriko chides gently. Kirika flushes, ducking her head as she hurries back to Oriko's side, plopping the laptop down on the table.

"Alright, excellent," you say. "Mami? Could you contact Kazusa? And include everyone?"

She swallows, visibly steeling herself.

"*Hello? Miss Kazusa?*" You can feel the connection going out, Homura, Oriko, and Kirika all listening in.

The response comes after a minute. "*... Miss Tomoe?!*" a bright, disbelievingly happy voice responds.

"*Yes,*" she says, voice steady despite the tremor you can feel in her body. "*I have- a friend who wants to talk to you.*"

"*Never mind that, how are you?*" Kazusa says. "*I haven't heard from you in forever!*"

Mami makes a quiet, broken noise and looks up at you. There's elation on her face, mingled with simple, open *loss*. She opens her mouth, as if to say something, but words fail her, and she shrinks against your side.

**Voting is *not* closed.

- [ ] Comfort Mami (default action)
- [ ] Take over the conversation
  - [ ] Write-in how
  - [ ] What do you want to ask Kazusa?
- [ ] Continued planning?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Short, mid-point update.
