# A Red Letter Day pt. 25

Your paranoia jumps a notch. You can't help it, knowing what you know: Michiru Witches out on the day Umika's book debuts. To great acclaim, even, considering that you know Umika was in fact able to buy that house she promised Michiru and Kaoru.

There's a kind of awful, poignant tragedy to that, isn't there?

Well. You *reject* that.

Some part of you wants to go there now, now, *now*. You have impressions of Michiru Wishing her grandmother would be able to spend a day with her before she died, and you have memories of Michiru seeming perfectly fine up until she Witched out. Your memories might not be entirely accurate, but it's worrying enough to make you fret.

"*Hello? Miss Sabrina? Miss Tomoe?*" Michiru asks, sounding slightly concerned.

"*Uh,*" you say, squeezing Mami's hand and making a quick, snap decision. "*Give us a moment, Miss Kazusa?*"

"*Ah, of course?*" Michiru says.

"*Thanks,*" you say. You leave the connection, but speak out loud. "Mami?"

"Y-yes?" she says, licking her lips. "S-sorry I'm so..."

"No. You've done nothing wrong, Mami, don't apologise," you say, brushing her hair back and smiling at her. You reach out via telepathy at the same time, hooking in Homura, Oriko, and Kirika. "*It's going alright, just need to discuss a bit. I'll fill you in in a bit?*"

"*I understand,*" Oriko says, sipping at her tea with unruffled calm. Homura eyes Oriko for a second before biting out a curt, "*Understood.*"

"A-alright," Mami whispers. You hold her gaze with yours for a minute, smiling gently until the knot of worry written in the frown and her downturned mouth eases a little.

"Better?" you say.

She nods, managing a little smile. "It's just- hard."

"I..." you trail off. You want to say you understand, but truthfully, you don't. You *don't* understand how Mami feels, even if, perhaps, you can speculate and you can guess. Michiru would have been an *amazing* friend to Mami, but they'd met purely by chance. Michiru couldn't leave Asunaro, and Mami couldn't leave Mitakihara.

And so Mami must have pasted on the best smile she could, and... left. Because she couldn't settle for 'so close and yet so far'. It'd only have been a bitter reminder.

And here you are. Talking once more to Michiru, who's bright and eager and cheerful and more than willing to rekindle their friendship. What-could-have-beens abound, and regret isn't the best of flavours to mix with *anything*.

You exhale slowly, gathering your thoughts. Honesty is the best policy, right? "I don't understand how you feel," you say quietly. "I can't, because I'm not in your position. But I'm here, Mami, and you have my unconditional support. And not just me. You're not alone any more. Alright?"

Mami takes a shuddering breath, and smiles at you. "I- I know," she whispers. "I can- I can do this. A-and... Thank you, Sabrina." Her lips move silently for a second, but she shakes her head, still smiling at you.

"OK," you say, giving her a warm, affectionate grin. *That's* your Mami. It's slow, but she *is* recovering. "Then... I need advice, Mami?"

"What about?" Mami asks.

"I'm a little concerned about Miss Kazusa," you say very carefully. "I- I have reason to believe she's running low on Grief Seeds, but she's hiding it. Seven magical girls is a lot for one city, isn't it?"

The lines around Mami's eyes tighten. "Y-yeah," she says. "Asunaro isn't that big, either. Not like Mitakihara. And- I- I did get that impression, too."

"Kazusa Michiru is running out of Grief Seeds?" Oriko asks sharply, a frown on her face. You have Homura's full attention, too, violet eyes boring into the side of your head.

Kirika just seems slightly bored.

"*And*- actually, I'm uncertain. Mami, do you know what her powers are?" you ask.

"Um... Her powers are, um, real illusions?" Mami says, brows knitting. "She uses her abilities to imitate things, but they aren't really... *real* copies. It's not like Sayaka's magic."

You frown, nodding as you turn that thought over a few times. That seems to fit what you know. "Then... Is it possible that she's hiding how low she's running on Grief Seeds?"

"It's- it's possible," Mami says, looking increasingly worried.

"Then I suppose it's a good thing we checked in on her now\..." You say, heaving a sigh. "Right. I want to bring it up with her, but I'm afraid of making her defensive, or clamming up. Mami, what would you recommend?"

"Maybe..." Mami bites her lip. "She's a terrible liar, if you ask her directly. Maybe that could work?"

"Would she be upset?" you ask.

Mami shakes her head. "I don't think so."

"I'll ask her, then," you say. "Or- hm, I could come at it obliquely. Offer her a Clear Seed, and ask if she has one to spare that I could use?"

"That would work," Mami says, brightening a little.

"You worry too much," Kirika opines, sitting up and snagging another cookie from the plate. "You're worried, right? Just ask her."

"I don't want to call her out just like that," you say, shrugging. "Anyway, back to it... Um. Again, sorry to leave you guys out, I'll hook you in in a few?"

"That would be acceptable," Oriko agrees.

Homura nods, jaw tight.

You smile at them, and return to the telepathic call - still just you, Mami, and Michiru. "*Sorry about that, Miss Kazusa, just had to discuss a few things.*"

"*Oh no, not at all,*" Michiru responds brightly. "*Is everything alright?*"

You squeeze Mami's hand, giving her a smile and giving her the opportunity to respond.

"*Yes, everything is alright,*" Mami agrees, voice steady even as her hand tightens on yours. "*I'm sorry to hear that you had to leave your- your normal life behind.*"

"*It's not a big deal,*" Michiru dismisses it. "*Protecting innocent people is more important, anyway!*"

"*It is,*" Mami agrees, swallowing. You hug her a little tighter.

"*Yeah, I can agree with that,*" you add. "*And... well. I can agree with the pressure of having a magical girl career, if you could call it that.*"

Michiru giggles abruptly. "*'Career', I like that.*"

"*Hah, glad you like it,*" you say. "*I mean, *I'm* not in school and I feel like I don't have enough time in a day.*"

"\*I \*know," Michiru groans. "*I don't know how you do it, Miss Tomoe.*"

"*Sabrina helps,*" Mami says, giving you a warm, adoring smile.

"*I'll bet,*" Michiru agrees with a laugh. "*Being able to cleanse Soul Gems must be amazing.*"

"*It's great, yeah,*" you agree. "*And that works as a segue for me - Miss Kazusa, so, uh, to drag the topic back a bit, yeah, Mitakihara can *easily* support as many of your group as you'd like to bring over. And actually, I wanna make an offer... *two* offers. First, um - I definitely know how hard magical girl life is. I have a *sort* of solution to it, though.*"

"*Oh?*" Michiru says.

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*One of the things I've discovered about my powers is that I can control grief, including what's inside a Grief Seed - I can simply drain out *all* the Grief. I wind up with what I call a Clear Seed - and you can cleanse with it for *years*, at an estimate.*"

"*Wow,*" Michiru breathes. "*That's amazing.*"

"*Like you said, I got lucky with my powers, right?*" you say. "*But, um, the offer I want to make is: I'm handing these out. They're prototypes, and I don't know if there are any issues down the road with them, *but*- do you want one? It's free.*"

"*Yes!*" Michiru squeaks. "*Um- yes, please, if it isn't too much trouble?*"

"*Alright, then... are you up for visiting tomorrow?*" you say. Mami swallows, shrinking a little, but she doesn't pull away. "*Hm... bring a spare Grief Seed, if you have one?*"

"\*Oh, \*tomorrow?" Michiru says, sounding startled. "*Um, um, it's a bit short notice?*"

"*Well, I can ferry you over,*" you say. "*I can move really fast.*"

"*Um... Let me check with Umika and Kaoru!*" Michiru says.

"*Alright, I'll check with my friends, too, and hey, you know it doesn't have to be just three of you, right? You're all welcome to come over,*" you say.

"*I know, but we can't *all* leave the city defenceless, silly!*" Michiru says brightly. "*Besides, you can come over afterwards and meet us all.*"

"*Oh, that makes sense. Right. Let me know when you're done,*" you say. "*Oh, hey- *do* you have a Grief Seed you can spare? I'll return it as a Clear Seed, of course, or I can go and hunt one down over here,*" you say.

"*Oh, ah- sorry Kaor- uwa, I'm getting mixed up-*" Michiru trails off into incoherence for a second before audibly wrenching herself back on topic. "*Um, we can bring a Grief Seed, sorry, just one second-*"

"She seems a bit scattered," you observe to Mami, swallowing a giggle.

"She always was," Mami says, shaking her head.

"Anyway," you say, smiling at your other friends. "Alright, so here's what's happened- actually, lemme grab Sayaka, too, since she should know. Um, Oriko, Kirika, try not to provoke her?"

"Naturally," Oriko says, tone *utterly* dry.

You nod, and reach out by telepathy to grab Sayaka. You let her know what's happening, and then start a *second* mental conversation to include everyone. "*Alright, everyone here?*"

You get confirmations from everyone - Mami, Homura, Oriko, Kirika, and Sayaka. "*Alright, so, to summarize, we're in touch with Kazusa Michiru, from Asunaro. She's one of Mami's old students.*" You pause, squeezing Mami a little with the arm around her waist to make sure she's alright. "*Mami and I think she's running low on Grief Seeds, and my original plan was to visit her tomorrow. I wasn't actually sure who should go, but she had her own idea, to come visit Mitakihara.*"

"*Hunh, cool,*" Sayaka says. "*Why doesn't that happen more often?*"

"*What, visiting?*" you say. "*Mostly because meguca are territorial. But does anyone have any objections to Mitakihara hosting a few more meguca for... actually, I'm not sure if it's just a day visit or not.*"

"*Where're they gonna stay?*" Sayaka asks.

"*I'm not sure,*" you say. They could stay at the Kure's, or at home with you and Mami.

"*Our guest room would be a bit cramped with three people,*" Mami notes.

"*It would be possible for them to stay here,*" Oriko says. "*There is plenty of room.*"

The telepathic conversation goes silent for a second, and you can practically feel the dislike radiating off both Homura and Sayaka.

Heh. Homura and Sayaka, united for once by dislike of a mutual foe.

"*We'll... sort that out,*" you say. Oriko's warehouse is also a possibility, though that one mattress might be a problem.

"*Eh, good enough for me,*" Sayaka says. "*Anything else?*"

"*One thing, actually, rain-check on a conversation... uh... tomorrow, probably? Maybe tonight. I'm juggling too many things,*" you say.

Homura meets your eyes, and you nod. You haven't forgotten the conversation with *her*, either.

"*Sure?*" Sayaka says. You can feel the shrug. "*You know you can just chat with me without having to schedule an appointment, right?*"

You snort, amused. "*A good point, well made,*" you say. "*Anyway, later!*"

"*Later!*" Sayaka says.

To be honest, you didn't really expect objections on that. None of your friends *would* object to friendly visitors from out of town, you don't think, but it's still good to check with them. You *are* trying not to run roughshod over them, after all.

Mami seems to have cheered up a little, cuddling into your side with a happy sigh. Not to be outdone, Kirika's *also* wrapped around Oriko, the silver-haired girl pulling her close with her good arm. Barring the wire-taut wariness cording through her body, Homura just looks faintly annoyed.

"*Um, it should be fine!*" Michiru responds at last.

"*Alright!*" you say. "*When is good? As I said, I'll come over and pick you up. Um... Mami, would you like to come along?*"

"*I- I have school,*" she says, looking torn.

"*... how about I go over there at, say, eleven, pick you up, and be back in time to meet up for lunchtime?*" you hazard. "*Would that work?*"

"*That works for me!*" Michiru says.

"*That-*" Mami swallows. "*That would work.*"

You stroke your thumb slowly across the back of Mami's hand, shifting so that she can nestle a little closer. "*Then tomorrow it is,*" you say. "*Just three of you? We'll need to figure out where you can stay.*"

"*Kaoru, Umika, and me!*" Michiru chirps. "*Uhm, we're happy to stay anywhere as long as it isn't too much trouble.*"

"*Alright, noted,*" you agree. "*Hm... how long do you plan to stay?*"

"*Um... maybe a day or two?*" Michiru says, sounding uncertain. "*How long is alright?*"

You fight the urge to shrug. You'd look rather silly to Homura, Oriko, and Kirika, who *aren't* privy to the conversation. "*Mami?*"

She swallows hard. You can feel the faint tremor in her hand, and you hold her tight. You're not letting go. "*A-as long as you want?*"

"*Oh! A day or two, then?*" Michiru says.

"*We're flexible, so... yeah?*" you say, smiling at Mami.

"*OK! Then tomorrow!*" Michiru says. "*Um... I need to go and tell my friends! Is there anything else?*"

"*Hm... if you're coming over for lunch, would you like us to prepare something?*" you ask.

"*Lunch swap!*" Michiru says decisively. "*I'll cook something, and you cook something.*"

"*Sounds good,*" you say.

Mami smiles, a little. "*I'd like that,*" she says.

"*Then it's decided,*" you say.

"*Alright\~*" Michiru agrees. "*Anyway, I have to go now. Bye! It was great talking to you again, Miss Tomoe.*"

"*It was,*" Mami agrees, making a quiet, inarticulate noise and burrowing into your side again.

"*Bye!*" you say, and close the connection. You sigh, and sit back, closing your eyes for a second. That was a rollercoaster of a chat.

\*\*Voting opens **Jun 23, 2017 at 10:00 PM
- [ ] Restore privacy field
- [ ] Discuss...
  - [ ] Tomorrow's visit
  - [ ] Metaknowledge about Kazumi Magica1​
- [ ] Look for Scrabble set
- [ ] Talk to Homura
  - [ ] Specify?
- [ ] Have dinner
  - [ ] Head home
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

1​Keep in mind that a good deal of the plot revolves around Michiru having Witched out.
