# A Red Letter Day pt. 26

Your eyes spring open a moment later as you turn to what's *important*: Mami. You smile at her, giving her a warm, reassuring hug as she curls up on herself, pulling her legs up to her chest in a tight, worried little ball.

Regret is a bitter, bitter dish.

"Mami, it'll be fine," you murmur, wrapping both arms around her and hugging her *tight*.

She sighs, pressing against you. "I... I know," she whispers, taking a shuddering breath. "I don't... Did I do alright, Sabrina?"

You swallow hard, gratitude welling up. "More than," you say. "I- I'm sorry I made you do that."

"N-no," Mami says, shaking her head. "You didn't force me, I just- it's hard. I haven't seen her in a year, and I told myself she was just like the others, but she wasn't, that just made it easier but it wasn't true and I could have done more, but-"

"It's in the past," you whisper, stroking her back slowly. "And you'll see her again soon enough, right?"

"Y-yeah," Mami says. She huddles closer to you, curled up small and tight. "Thank *you*, Sabrina, I-I- you've done s-so much for me."

"Anything," you say.

You catch a faint sigh, just barely on the cusp of audibility. Not a sigh of frustration, no, but you somehow recognise Kirika's voice in that sigh.

... she probably thinks it's romantic.

Which you suppose it is, but it's simple truth. You care about the girl you're holding in your arms. You care about Mami.

It takes a minute for Mami to pull herself together. She doesn't move away from you, but she *does* uncurl to set her feet on the ground, nestling closer into your side. She opens her mouth, lips shaping the first syllables of an apology to you, before she shakes her head, smiling weakly at you.

Instead, she turns her attention to the others. "I apologise, Homura, Miss Mikuni, Miss Kure," she says. "I didn't mean for my emotions to get the better of me like that."

"Quite understandable," Oriko says, motioning as if to brush away a fly.

Kirika's eyes all but sparkle as she grins at you. Homura just shrugs, murmuring a quiet, "It's fine."

You beam at Mami, proud and happy. She's learning to pull herself together.

"OK. Shall we continue?" you say, already pulling at the privacy construct with your mind. You bring it back properly with the assent of your friends, floating the little circlet over and setting it down on the table with a bare thought.

"What happened?" Homura asks, violet eyes sharp the moment you're all enclosed by the hazy boundary of your privacy field.

"Yeah, uh," you say, freeing one hand from the hug to rub at your nose. "Sorry about booting everyone from the conversation like that. That was... it was an entirely different situation from what I'd expected, to be honest. So I had to, uh, reprioritise."

"That's fine," Homura says, nodding sharply. "Did you..." She trails off with a lightning fast glance at Mami, then back at you. "How are they?"

You free a few marbles of Grief from your bag with a thought, collecting Mami's teacup from the table and floating it over to her. She takes it with a grateful smile.

"As I said, I think they're strapped for Grief Seeds," you say. "At least, that's the impression I get."

"And possibly hiding it," Oriko notes.

"Yeah," you say. "From what I... know, she's the kind of person who would give Grief Seeds to her friends over herself."

"I think so," Mami says, nodding slowly. "I never... I never knew her that well."

You hug Mami a little tighter. You wish you could show her how much you appreciate her offering her advice, her opinion, even though you know it must be painful for her.

"I see," Oriko says, a speculative, thoughtful look in her eyes. She's putting the pieces together, you think, and judging from the way Homura's eyes narrow in thought, she's not far behind, either.

"Yeah," you say. "From what I know, a few\... let's call them villains... move in pretty soon. Again, this should be considered somewhat speculative, because my knowledge about them seems to be a little disparate. But it's something to go on."

"Much like my visions when you are involved," Oriko says with an amused smirk tugging at the corner of her lips.

Of course, that draws Homura's attention back to her, the wire-taut coil of the muscles in her neck tightening. Poor girl probably needs a massage for the stress, preferably from Madoka.

"Villains?" Kirika prompts, pulling her legs up to sit crosslegged on the sofa.

"Eh," you say, wobbling your hands. "Maybe that was a bad word for it. Antagonists, maybe. But yes: Yuuri, or Anri Airi, and Hijiri Kanna. And the Soujus, I suppose. Yuuri is... complicated. There was a girl, *Asuka* Yuuri, who made a Wish to cure her dying friend, Anri Airi. Yuuri later-" Witches out "-dies, and blaming the Pleiades Saints, Anri makes a Wish to *become* Yuuri."

"And uses her powers to attacks the Pleiades," Oriko asks, less a question and more a confirmation.

"For revenge, yes," you agree. Mami sips her tea, eyes wide as she listens.

"What *are* her powers?" Homura asks.

You fidget with your hair, tucking that perpetually messy lock behind your ear. "I'm not entirely certain," you admit. "From what *I* know, she can summon a giant bull, some magic guns, a magic barrier thing, and an explosion which might have been a mine of some kind? And perfectly imitating the appearance of another person."

"That does not tally with what I saw," Oriko says, frowning. "The imitation, yes. The bull... yes. She did not so much summon it as grow them? She did not use the barrier, or the explosion. She *did* use guns, yes, though I hazard that those are her weapons."

"Right," you say, scowling. "She *grew* the bull, you said?"

"Like some kind of... biological matter manipulation, perhaps," Oriko says, shrugging with one shoulder. "I am uncertain."

"Would kind of tally, I suppose," you agree. "Yuuri -the original one- had -has?- healing powers. So if Anri Wishes to be like her..."

Oriko shakes her head, looking uncertain.

"When does this happen?" Homura asks, grimacing. "Can we prevent it?"

"Unfortunately... I don't really know exactly when she makes that Wish," you admit. "It may already have happened."

Homura nods sharply, folding her arms. "And the other magical girls?"

"Kanna Hijiri... Truth be told, she is behind *much* of the insanity that I hope to derail. Among other things, she can create these things she calls *Evil Nuts*, which can turn normal humans into fake Witches," you say, grimacing unhappily. It's a little closer to the fact that Witches come from magical girls than you'd like, but you want everyone, even Mami, informed.

"That's *horrible*," Mami whispers, clutching at your arm.

"I know, right?" you say, trying to inject some humour into your voice. "'*Evil Nuts*'. It sounds awful in English. I propose we call them '*Asunaro Almonds*' instead."

Kirika laughs, clapping her hands. "I like it! Seconded, motion passes."

The laughter falls rather flat, though. It *is* a horrific specter of a power to have looming over you.

Oriko nods, deep frown knotting her eyebrows. "Then you will need to be careful."

"I intend to," you agree. "Her powers are *connection*. She can 'connect' to other magical girls and combine their powers... I *think* she may only be able to do that to the Pleiades, because that was her Wish. Uh. Her story is rather weird, and unfortunately it's *already* started, I think."

You blow out a hard breath, hugging Mami tight as you gather your thoughts. "Hijiri Kanna is a clone of Kanna Niko, created by her Wish. For *some* reason, Kanna Niko Wished for a clone of herself who was innocent and knew nothing of the fighting and suffering. When Hijiri finds out, she, uh, kind of snaps and swears revenge."

"That's stupid," Kirika notes.

"I *know*," you groan. "I just- good grief, it's just so dumb. She doesn't feel human, and wants to wipe out humans and replace them with artificial ones or something like that. I hope this is a part that my knowledge gets wrong, because this is *literally* a video game enemy motivation."

"I think I've played that before," Kirika agrees.

"Nnnnrgh," you grumble, rubbing your face. "I just- ugh. Asunaro *is* a mess, your warnings aside, Oriko."

"I... admit, your knowledge there seems more complete than my visions," Oriko admits. "I was rather focused on local events. You mentioned the Soujus too?"

"Yeah," you agree, eyeing Homura. "You predicted them arriving in Mitakihara sometime this week, as I recall, but... bleh. I don't really know much about them. They're twins, I think, or maybe a split personality or something. Two Soul Gems, one body, fire and ice powers. And they collect Soul Gems."

"They *collect* Soul Gems?" Homura asks, a trace of incredulity in her voice.

"Yep," you confirm. "They steal girls' Soul Gems."

"That matches what I saw," Oriko agrees, frowning. "They come by Mitakihara targeting *you*, barring your intended interference. They seemed to be able to combine their powers into a channelled attack?"

Mami's grip tightens on your arm, and you smile at her. "Forewarned is forearmed," you tell her, reassuring and warm. "She won't get me."

Mami swallows, looking up at you. "Beat her into the ground," she whispers. "That- they sound like *monstrous* people. If they come here, we'll crush them."

"Yeah!" Kirika agrees, pumping her fist. "Kick their asses... Hm. Kick their ass? They only have one, after all."

"I like to think the best of people, but they do it *knowing* what Soul Gems are. It's not exactly excusable," you say.

Mami nods firmly in agreement. Her hand finds yours, interlacing your fingers.

"Three threats to watch out for," Homura says, expression grim. "In addition to Kazusa running out of Grief Seeds."

"The latter of which I hope to resolve tomorrow, yeah," you say, smiling faintly. "It's one thing I'm uniquely suited to doing."

"Understood," Homura says. "Is there anything else important due to happen at Asunaro?"

"Not as far as I saw," Oriko says, shaking her head. Homura stiffens, muscle jumping along her jaw. "But the memories of the vision have... slipped, with the loss of my powers."

"Damn," you sigh. "Was hoping you might have more insight, really. I appreciate what you were able to tell me, though."

"Do these events happen because the Pleiades Saints are weakened?" Homura asks, frown deepening.

"Yeah, essentially," you say. "That's not going to happen, but basically, Hijiri manipulates both Yuuri and the Soujus into fighting them, and then takes advantage to have her revenge. Not completely successfully, mind you, but..."

Homura nods, processing that. You *all* fall silent for a while, wrapped up in your own thoughts. You stroke Mami's hair absently as you consider the utter mess you're about to embroil yourself in. Your mind drifts to another snippet of knowledge - of the magical girl named Tart, better known to the world as Joan of Arc. And perhaps Walpurgisnacht.

On the other hand, for some reason that makes you think of Homura hairflipping at Walpurgisnacht and confusing her so much that the giant Witch leaves in a huff. It's a nice image, but you doubt things will be that easy.

You sigh. It's getting later, and you should be going. "I apologise for the doom and gloom," you say. "If there's nothing else, I'll take my leave?"

"You're welcome to stay longer, but no, I don't have anything," Oriko answers. Kirika shrugs, flashing you a grin as she wraps herself around the seer.

"Then... I guess we'll be going now," you say, levering yourself to your feet. Mami clings to you as you stand, rising alongside you and refusing to let go of your hand - not that you really would, anyway.

Oriko and Kirika see you off at the back door, Kirika waving brightly at you as she pulls the glass shut. Finally, the three of you are left standing in the garden as you feel Oriko and Kirika retreating further into the mansion.

You smile at Mami, pulling her into a tight, *tight* hug. "You did great," you whisper into her ear. "And I promise I'll do my best."

"Alright," Mami whispers, all but collapsing into the hug.

You hold her tight for a minute, before stepping back. You meet her soft, golden eyes. "Better?"

She nods, smiling at you.

"Good," you say, sliding one arm around her waist and turning to Homura, who's standing stock still, facing away. You can't help but feel grateful for her giving you your privacy. "Thanks for being patient, Homura."

"It was no problem," Homura murmurs. "I should go."

"Wait- Homura, I can offer you a lift, and, um, could I talk to you?" you ask.

Homura nods, reaching for her shield with a questioning look.

You nod, and turn once more to Mami. "I'll be just a second, alright?" you whisper, smiling.

Mami swallows, and nods. "Alright."

You hug her again, smiling at her. "I'll always come back to you."

You separate, and hold your hand out to Homura. She reaches for the edge of her shield and cra-

\-nks it across. Her hand's warm on your wrist, and the stress lines around her eyes are considerably lighter, here in the safety of the frozen world.

\*\*Voting opens **Jun 28, 2017 at 1:00 PM
- [ ] Talk to Homura
  - [ ] Making up for your mistakes
  - [ ] Sensitive topics about Asunaro
  - [ ] Write-in specifics
- [ ] Go for dinner with Mami
- [ ] Head home
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Here we are.
