# A Red Letter Day pt. 29

"I know," you say softly, reaching across to try and pull her into a hug.

She resists you, body stiff and unyielding. "She asked me to keep her away from this," she whispers again, shoulders shaking under your touch.

"I know, Homura," you say, moving your hand away from her shoulder. Instead, you shuffle a little closer, and raise it in front of her, fingers spread. She doesn't want a hug, but this is the next best thing, you hope. "Homura, I'm going to cleanse your Soul Gem, alright?"

She doesn't respond, head bowed low. You move slow and careful as you touch your finger to her Soul Gem, drawing forth an ugly, billowing streak of Grief. You wrap it around you in a bilious streamer before crushing it down and sending it sailing away.

"Homura," you murmur quietly. "I know. And I understand."

She shakes her head with a sharp, convulsive jerk. "How can you?" she whispers. There's no... despair in her voice. She isn't *anguished* about it, nor conflicted. What there *is* is a bleak, open acceptance.

"Homura?" you say, gentle and warm. "Look at me?"

Faded violet eyes flicker up to meet your gaze for a second before faltering, looking away. Looking *past* you, at Mami. "You- you should go."

"No," you say. "No, I don't think so. Homura, I know what happened. I know what Madoka asked you to do, all of it. I *understand*, Homura."

You remember, all right. The end of a loop... The end of Homura's third loop. They beat Walpurgisnacht, true enough, and there the two of them were. Homura and Madoka. They'd won, *together*, but the fight took everything they had. Their Soul Gems were full.

And Madoka had one Grief Seed left. Just one - *Sayaka's* Grief Seed. And she used it on Homura, and asked Homura to save her. To stop her from becoming a magical girl...

And to stop her from becoming a Witch.

Homura obliged.

"Then you should know why we can't tell Madoka," she says, hands clenching into fists. You can feel the way the tendons in her wrist pull tight, wire-taut and too prominent under her skin.

"I..." you stumble, lost for words. You scrabble for familiar ground. Arguing Homura down -arguing *anyone* down- from a position doesn't really come easy to you. It's always a fight, perhaps one you're sometimes too eager to engage in, but it's always something you have to devote thought and time to. "Back up a bit. Homura? I... I don't know what exactly you think of yourself, but you are not unforgivable. Alright? Listen to me. I just- listen-"

You wait until she looks up at you before continuing. "*I forgive you*. I'm not the one you want to hear it from. I know." You shrug, a little sheepishly. "I said it before, but... You'll hear it from Madoka one day. I know you will. And it's probably getting old by now, but we *are* going to win this."

Homura slumps, head dipping towards the ground so that the black curtain of her hair hides her face.

"Madoka's smart," you murmur, thinking about how against all odds, she found a way to *beat* the system, once upon a never. And it worked for an eon, worked for the age of a universe, until it was brought down by the meddling of the Incubators and the heartbreak of one lost, lonely girl who accepted that she could be the devil.

Here's one more try, then. You don't know how it works - you don't know why Madoka Wished differently. Madoka *is* smart, and a Wish so oddly vague strikes you as running against the grain. And look where that got everyone: phenomenal cosmic power in the hands of, well, you.

"She's smarter than just about anyone gives her credit for," you muse, shaking off the self-deprecation. "Even herself. I suppose that's my point, though. She's smart, and she has a big heart. I know she asked you to keep her from being tricked, and I agree. She shouldn't be tricked, and she shouldn't have to make a Wish."

Homura makes a quiet, broken noise, arm jerking under your fingers.

"For that reason, though, I don't think she'll make a Wish," you say. "I remember things that never happened, but I know that they could." You grin, faint and wry. "Madoka is Madoka is Madoka, right? I know of times that never happened, and she didn't Wish because there was no need to. Because she, too, understood."

"What other times?" Homura whispers, lifting her eyes to meet yours.

You bite your lip, realising the landmine you stepped on. Times that never happened, indeed: When Homura *won*. Something vague, then.

"When there's still hope left. I..." you say, breaking off with a sigh. "I know I've said it a lot, but I truly believe we're going to win. There *is* hope, Homura. Walpurgisnacht, enemy magical girls, whatever else might be coming: they can hurt us. We'll have to fight. But they'll *beat* us over *my dead body*. And maybe not even that, huh?" You tap your finger against your Soul Gem, smiling faintly.

Homura sighs, head dipping once more as her tightly clenched fists relax. "I don't want to tell her," she whispers.

And that, perhaps, is a more compelling reason not to tell Madoka. It isn't reasoned in the slightest, but... you can understand not wanting to bring it up. Guilt, awful, awful memories.

"Alright," you say. You're trying to be better about not forcing your will on others, right? "May I cleanse your Soul Gem again?"

"That... isn't necessary," she says, but rolls her hand over so that the bright amethyst of her Soul Gem faces you. She's right - there isn't *that* much Grief, but you wipe it away regardless.

"I won't push, if you don't want to," you say, smiling at her. "I know you've tried, in loops past, to tell others about it. I understand how hard it is, because of everything you've gone through. But Homura?"

You try to pull her into a hug, and this time she allows it, dangling limply in the circle of your arms. "You're not alone any more. Please remember that. I won't tell Madoka if you don't want me to. I promise. But if you *do* want to, I can help you with it."

"Please," she whispers.

"I promise not to tell Madoka if you don't want me to," you murmur. "Unless I truly, truly see no way out."

Homura nods jerkily, and sags against your shoulder.

**Voting opens**Jul 9, 2017 at 4:00 AM

- [ ] Continue talking
- [ ] What about?
- [ ] Dinner time with Mami
- [ ] Drop Homura off somewhere
- [x] Be sappy and affectionate
- [ ] Continue through rest of night
- [ ] Anything specific to do?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Homura remains not very good at this "feelings" thing.
