# A Red Letter Day pt. 30

Homura doesn't say anything more, leaning her weight against you. You're fine with that - you're happy to hold the silence and let her regain her composure. You can't help but fret a little, second-guessing your own decisions. Should you have pressed the issue a little harder? Perhaps, but...

Homura needed the reassurance. She needed to know that she had *support*. She's not guilty, you think. She's *accepted* that she's done terrible things, perhaps a bit too well. After all, it's only that acceptance that she can and *has* done terrible things that would let her tear Madoka from the Law of Cycles for her own selfish reasons, isn't it?

She needs to know that you have her back.

You let Homura recover, the long, muffled silence of the timestop stretching out. It's a little oppressive, and you can hear your own breathing and the rush of blood through your veins. It's almost, but not quite, soothing, the absolute deadening of sound.

Still, you're doing this for your friend. For Homura. You're frankly amazed and more than glad that she's willing to be *vulnerable* like this around you. True, you're in the safety of her timestop, but the simple fact that she's willing to show weakness around you is... humbling.

Homura pulls back after only a minute, implacable mask once more in place.

You smile at her. Even keeping in mind that she deserves your support, it doesn't mean you can't or even shouldn't try and push, a little. It's important.

"Better?" you ask.

She hesitates, and nods.

"Alright," you say, leaning back on the bench and smiling at Mami's frozen form, just around the bush. She can't see it, but still. "That said... Homura? Hear me out?"

Faded violet eyes flick over to yours.

"Madoka asked you not to let Kyuubey trick her," you say, meeting her gaze steadily. "And I agree. *Nobody* should ever be tricked into this life. For all that I make it look awesome, it's harsh, it's unforgiving, and it *sucks*. But... keeping someone informed is the best way to *prevent* them from being *tricked*."

"You still think Madoka should be told about the loops," Homura says, voice and expression flat.

"I do," you say. "I think it will help, and I think Madoka would respect your sacrifices enough to not make a Wish. And I think she deserves to know."

A frown creases Homura's forehead, and she hunches her shoulders, obviously thinking. "I... disagree," she says, picking her words slowly and carefully. "Maybe... if we destroy Walpurgisnacht... I will consider it."

"I won't force you," you say, beaming at her. It's more of a concession than you'd ever expected. "But... thank you, Homura."

"Beat Walpurgisnacht first," she grunts, standing.

"One miracle at a time, eh?" You stand with her, of course - you do need to have your hand on her wrist so that you don't get frozen out of time stop.

"Is there anything else?" she asks, reaching for the rim of her shield.

"Well... get back to me with a time for that shopping trip, and that science session, yeah?" you say, smiling at her. "And hey. Homura? If you ever have any issues, I'm always happy to talk or be a shoulder to lean on. Or even if you just want to hang out, I'd love to."

"Do you like climbing trees?" she asks, utterly toneless.

You blink, and laugh. "Just *ask* Madoka if you can come in," you say. "She won't mind, I can guarantee you that."

Homura shrugs again, and grabs the rim of her shield. Gears hum in the inner mechanisms, and the world comes back to life with a gasp. Sound crashes back down upon you, *loud* after the endless silence of timestop.

Colour floods back into Mami's body, greyscale bleeding back into vibrant life. You release Homura's hand and step forward as Mami looks around for you. Your arms are already rising when she spots you, and she practically flies into the hug.

"Hey, Mami," you say, smiling at her.

The worry lines around her eyes ease as Mami nestles against your chest. "Welcome back," she murmurs.

"Hey, I was gone for no time at all!" you say, hugging her tighter.

"I know." She sighs in contentment and cuddles closer.

"Anyway, Homura, can I offer you a lift somewhere?" you ask, quirking an eyebrow at her.

"That won't be necessary," she says, tapping the edge of her shield.

"Alright," you say. "Take care of yourself, alright? See you later!"

"See you," Homura echoes.

"Bye!" Mami says, lifting her hand to wave.

Homura reaches for her shield, and between one heartbeat and the next, she vanishes, nothing left behind to give any trace of her presence at all.

"So, where are we going?" you ask, separating from the hug so that you can actually walk towards your Grief platform, still hovering obediently over the hole in the ground.

"Ah, downtown," Mami says. "There's a nice cafe downtown I like to go to sometimes? Um, if you still want to..."

"Sounds good to me," you say, smiling as you nudge your groceries out of the way and sit on the platform, smoothing your slacks down. You blink down at them, confused for a second - were you wearing these earlier today, or were you wearing a skirt?

... eh, nah, you'd changed in the morning. Right. Mami distracts you by curling up beside you and smiling at you.

"All ready?" you ask.

"I am," she says, claiming your arm to hug.

"Right, here we go!" you say, and the platform leaps skyward, soaring upwards in a smooth arc. The Mikuni mansion recedes behind you, lights glowing cheerfully from the windows as you ascend, surrounded by spheres of Grief almost too dark to see against the night sky.

You do a quick mental inventory - Yakuza gold and cash in the various storage spheres, the obrez you'd gotten from Homura, and most importantly, Homura's notebook of Witches.

"Downtown where?" you ask as you skim towards the forest of skyscrapers. You can pick out individual skyscrapers even at this distance, highlighted from below by a wash of glowing streetlights and pinpointed from above by the blinking strobes of aircraft warning lights.

"Mmnm," Mami says, and sits up to point. "Over there. Suzu Cafe."

"Gotcha," you say, steering in the indicated direction. Dinner with Mami at a nice cafe... wait.

... is this a *date*?

Your thoughts spill over each other. Did Mami just -well, not *just*, a while ago, but still- ask you out for dinner? Well-

She technically *did*, but did she mean it *like that*?

No, wait, if she did that means she stole a march on you, you were going to take *her* to Italy for a dinner date, and *that* would have been- well-

You're *damned glad* it's *dark* right now because good grief your face must be *red* right now even your *ears* are burning is this a date and did you just miss that you aren't even dressed nicely just wearing what you've been wearing all day wait Mami *knows* that you've been together the entire day and-

... maybe *not* a date? Or maybe just a very casual one? There are *images* in your mind you can't help but imagine but- *ack*.

Mami perks up, releasing your arm so that she can peer over the edge of the Grief platform. "Oh, we overshot a bit, Sabrina," she says, returning to cuddle against your side.

"Oh, OK," you say. You're *very proud* that you managed to say that normally and *thank Madokami it's dark*. And again for the fact that magical girls don't have advanced hearing or else Mami would hear your heart buzzing like a hummingbird in your chest.

You slow the platform subtly as you do a U-turn, and you take the opportunity to force yourself to calm down. Maybe it is a date. Maybe it isn't. But Mami clearly isn't expecting anything *grand* out of it, and what's the difference if it is? The two of you are *together*, regardless. A more precise word for what you are is something you can figure out over time.

You blow out a slow, careful breath as you land the platform. Date or not, you're going to enjoy your time with Mami. You always do, anyway.

You stand, smiling at Mami and offering her your hand. She takes it, letting you help her off the platform, which you 'park' in a corner of the roof, along with all the other Grief. You consider for a second before packing it all around the groceries, keeping it safe and protected from the elements. You pocket a bit of money from a Grief sphere, too.

Mami beams at you, and the both of you hop over the edge of the roof to land into the alleyway below. You stroll out of the alleyway, hand in hand.

You spot the cafe across the street, a tasteful sign glowing bright against encroaching evening. Through the glass frontage, you can see a cosy, pleasant-looking dining areas - wooden flooring, and various tables scattered around western style with padded chairs.

You hum cheerfully as you cross the road towards the cafe - happily, there's no queue outside, so you manage to grab a nice table that's out of the way. It *is* a nice cafe, not too crowded, but not so empty as to suggest that it's unpopular, either. You panic briefly over whether you should be pulling out the chair for Mami to sit, but she doesn't seem to expect you to, seating herself and giving you a warm smile.

You duck your head, giving her a bashful grin before claiming the seat opposite her. A smartly dressed waiter comes by with a cheerful welcome and menus for the both of you.

"What would you recommend, Mami?" you ask, flipping open the leaflet, but smiling at Mami instead of actually reading it.

"Oh!" Mami says, blinking in startled surprise. "Um... well, I really like their desserts here, but um, those are for dessert. How hungry are you?"

"Not *that* hungry," you say, smiling. "I could eat, though."

"Ah... do you like steak?" Mami asks. "Their steak was good, when I tried it."

You check the menu, which is written in both Japanese and English. "Oh, filet mignon," you say with some surprise. "Not too pricey, too... I could go for that!"

"I'll have the poached salmon," Mami decides. "And, um... strawberry sorbet for dessert."

"Oooh, good point," you say. "Recommend me something?"

"Hmm... the peach tart?" Mami suggests.

"Mm, nah," you say, shaking your head and smiling at Mami. "I bet you could make one that's much better than anything I could get here."

"I'm not *that* good," she says, cheeks reddening.

"I beg to differ!" you say, beaming at her.

Mami ducks her head, embarrassed - but there's a pleased smile on her face to complement the blush. "Um... maybe the lava cake? I don't know how to make *that*."

"Sounds good to me," you say. "We can share!"

"Alright," Mami says, smiling softly at you. She flags down a waiter, and you make your orders - he manages to sell you on upgrading your meals with a soup, too.

"Why Italy, anyway?" you ask, leaning back and smiling at Mami.

"Eh?" Mami asks, giving you a curious look for the non-sequitur.

You duck your head, flushing a little. "Um, I mean... you seem to really like Italy, and... I was wondering why?"

"Oh!" Mami says with an understanding nod. Her smile fades a little, turning melancholy. "Well... I went there when I was younger, with my parents."

"Ah," you say. Dammit, abort abort abort! "I'm... I'm sorry."

"No, no," Mami says, smiling at you. She reaches across the table to put her hand on top of yours, warm and reassuring. "I'm fine. But I always did love Italy, ever since then. It was beautiful."

"Where did you go?" you ask, turning your hand over so that you can interlace your fingers.

"It was a business trip," Mami offers. "So we were in Florence for a few days. The city is *amazing*. We went on vacation after papa's business was done, so we toured the city a bit. We saw the Cattedrale di Santa Maria del Fiore!"

"That must have been amazing," you say, beaming at Mami.

"It was," Mami agrees, eyes misty with memory. "You could see almost the entire city from the top of it."

You stroke your thumb over the back of her palm, waiting for her to continue.

"We flew to Rome, after that," Mami says, after a minute. "Which was... it's amazing, what they built, and what *lasted* through time, you know? The food was wonderful, too, though I don't like olives *that* much."

"Italian food, hm? We should try cooking more of that at home," you say with a laugh.

"I'd like that," Mami agrees with a smile.

You're interrupted by the waiter, bearing two steaming bowls. "Excuse me, ladies, your appetizers..."

You're presented with a fragrant, perfectly clear bowl of consomme - the same for Mami. You beam at her, picking your spoon up, and the next few minutes are occupied by the gentle clinking of spoons against ceramic as you savour the broth.

"Was that the end of the trip?" you ask Mami, smiling at her as you set the spoon down beside your finished soup.

"Oh, no," Mami says, shaking her head. "We went down to... ah, what was it called... Positano. Do you know it?"

You frown in thought. "Amalfi coast? With the cliffside town?"

"That's the place," Mami says, smiling. "It was just as spectacular, and the beach was beautiful. We rented a small chalet and spent a few days there, before flying back home."

You shake your head, smiling. "That sounds absolutely wonderful," you say. A few mental notes to be made for taking Mami to Italy right there, though - you weren't quite expecting her to have been there before.

"It was," Mami agrees. "Have you... oh." She shakes her head as if to clear a thought from her mind. "Is there anywhere you'd like to go some day, Sabrina?"

"Germany, maybe," you say with an amused smile. "Though... Mmm, I can't say there's any place on the list in particular? Travelling the world *would* be amazing, though, and better if you're there with me."

Mami smiles, soft and warm. "I'd love that."

"It might be a working vacation, though," you admit, rubbing your nose. "I'm not... good at leaving aside people who need help."

"That's fine," Mami says. "You wouldn't be you if you did."

"Thanks, Mami," you say, smiling. "One day, then. Hopefully soon!"

"Hopefully!" Mami agrees. "Do you have any plans for the future, beyond helping magical girls?"

You dart a quick, furtive look around, and beckon Mami forward a little. "Does getting Homura and Madoka together count?" you whisper.

Mami laughs, bright and startled. "Yes, that counts," she agrees. "Do you really think Homura's interested, though? I don't really know what she's thinking, most of the time."

"Eh," you say, waving your hand. "I'm half joking, to be honest. I'm..." you purse your lips. "I'm not sure Homura's really emotionally equipped for it, in the short term. Long term... Maybe."

"Makes sense," Mami agrees, smiling. "What else?"

"Hmm..." You purse your lips, considering Mami's question. Truth be told, you don't really *have* goals outside of helping your friends, helping your Mami, and just helping magical girls in general. As you said, even if you go travelling to see the world, you'd be doing that to help magical girls along the way.

"I'd... kind of like to find out where I come from," you say hesitantly. You have *guesses*, but nothing definite. "It's nothing very *urgent*, I suppose, because I'm happy right here where I am, but it *would* be nice to know." You beam at Mami. "And I'd like to take you along with me if I do."

"Oh," Mami says, smiling warmly at you. "I- I'd like that."

"But... yeah," you say. "Other than that... maybe found a company or something to help magical girls? I bet, as many teleporters, travelling and healing powers as there seem to be, we could make a pretty good profit, and then use that money to reach out to magical girls who don't have support, you know?"

"That's a very *you* thing," Mami says with a warm smile. "Is this on top of or *instead* of your magical girl hostel idea?"

You laugh. "I have no idea! Maybe on top of - need to figure out income for that, after all." You continue by telepathy. "*Can't rob yakuza for *all* our expenses, after all. They'd run out eventually.*"

Mami giggles fondly, covering her mouth with her hand. Your main courses arrive, and you tuck in happily. "Swap you some salmon?" you offer, slicing out a piece of beef - nice and pink, not too overdone and perfectly tender.

"Of course," Mami agrees, cutting a generous piece of salmon off for you. You frown playfully at her, and offer her more of the beef. She huffs, faking offense, but accepts the trade.

"Mm," you hum as you fork up a bit of the salmon. It's *perfect*, creamy and just a bit tangy and all but melting in your mouth. "What about you, Mami? Anything you'd like to do in the future?"

"I don't have any definite ideas. Being a magical girl takes up most of the time I'm not in school, you know?" Mami admits, shaking her head. You give her an encouraging smile, and she continues, emboldened. "I've thought about joining a shooting team before! But I think that would be cheating..."

"Do you think there are other magical girls in national teams or something?" you muse. "I mean, I can't imagine someone *hasn't* done it before."

"There absolutely are! I think," Mami says, waving her fork at you. "I watch the Olympics and try to spot the magical girls. I can never be quite sure, though..."

You laugh, delighted. "Ooh, we've got to do that some time," you say. "Anything else?"

"Well... it's a bit embarrassing, but..." It's Mami's turn to lower her voice. "I've thought about going into singing."

"Not as an idol, I hope," you say, making a face. "That industry's absolutely toxic."

"... it is?" Mami says, tilting her head.

"Yeah, it's kind of exploitative, isn't it? The girls are basically *used*, paraded on show, and then when they burn out, they're tossed aside," you explain. "Plus there's always pressure, pressure, pressure on them."

"Oh," Mami says, shaking her head. "Um, I think that's out of date, Sabrina. It... *was* like that before, but there's was a big reform a... decade ago? The industry's changed since then."

"... huh," you say, blinking. "Oh. That makes sense, I guess."

Mami shrugs, reaching across the table to pat your hand. "We can't all know everything."

"I wanna try, though!" you say, sticking your tongue out at her. "Well... if you want to do that, you'd be amazing, I'm sure. But I've never heard you sing properly!"

"I could sing for you some time," Mami says, blushing. "Though..." She shakes her head. "Honestly... I was thinking of doing it because I was lonely."

The smile she directs at you is *radiant*. "I'm... not lonely any more."

What can you say to that? You reach across the table, met halfway by her hand to intertwine your fingers. You hold that for a few minutes, smiling back at her before murmuring, "We should probably eat before the food gets cold."

Mami nods, the simple *happiness* on her face unfading as she returns to her salmon.

You make a mental note to keep an eye on Mami the next time you fight a Witch - or anything, really. Because as giddily *joyful* as you are, that's a *worrying* line to hear from Mami.

You chat over dinner, rambling from topic to topic, until finally you're done, the plates cleared away and replaced with dessert now reduced to plates of crumbs. You'd shared with Mami, and she with you, of course, laughing and talking and simply enjoying the time spent together.

"Bleh," you say, kicking your feet out under the table. "I suppose we should go now."

Mami giggles. "I suppose so!" she says, looking around for a waiter.

"Ah, I'll pay!" you say, managing to catch the eye of the waiter and waving him over before Mami does.

Mami pouts at you as you count out the notes to pay for the meal, but cheers up when you stand and offer her your arm. She takes it, looping her hand through your elbow as you leave the cafe, satisfied.

"Shall we head home now?" Mami asks, smiling at you as you step into the street.

\*\*Voting opens **Jul 13, 2017 at 10:00 PM
\[] Head home
\[] Witch hunt
\[] Something else?
\[] Help Mami with homework
\- \[] Enchantment practice
\-- \[] Write in direction
\[] Next day...
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

That was fun to write.
