# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 2

What does Kyuubey want? The million dollar question, and one that leaves you scrambling for answers. You can construct easy scenarios in which Kyuubey wins. What if it *expects* you to deny the offer, and the girl in question Witches out for lack of Grief Seeds? It'd be an easy way to smear your name.

Or what if the girl is willing and ready and *waiting* to attack you? Any threat you can see or sense coming, you can overcome, but magical stealth strong enough to evade your Grief sense is one of the things that might threaten you. It'd be unprecedented, though, on many levels; that Kyuubey would set up such an ambush, and that something could evade your senses like that.

"What's her name?" you ask, tone guarded. "Would she happen to be Kuroki Matsuko, by any chance?"

"*Kuroki Matsuko is too new a magical girl to have developed strong enchantment without guidance,*" Kyuubey's head tilts to the side as it speaks. "*You are travelling to Asunaro, are you not?*"

"I am," you agree. "Right, first of all, I'm going to come back to Kuroki, but before that, tell me more about this girl you want me to meet. What's her name, what is she like, what *specifically* does she do, is she low on Grief Seeds, where is she, that kind of thing."

"*Her name is Hideyoshi Nao,*" Kyuubey says. "*She isn't in any pressing need of Grief Seeds, though like most she'd be more comfortable with a larger buffer of Seeds. I believe you would consider her to be a pleasant, if shy girl.*"

Not in any need of Grief Seeds, so that defuses some of your paranoia: it'd have been well within what you imagine to be its remit to set you up for apparently rejecting a cry for help. You pull your phone from your pocket and check the time as you listen carefully, soaking in Kyuubey's words. Clock's a-ticking. You hold up a hand, and Kyuubey pauses obligingly, tail flicking.

"OK, so, I'm not done talking to you yet," you say, frowning at Kyuubey. "But I do have places to be. Would you like to follow me out to the industrial district? I'm going to experiment with my powers, and you can observe. If you help, I'll... work on making my Grief invisible."

You kind of assume that barring doing your experiments in an interdiction bubble, the Incubator will be watching, anyway.

"*That's acceptable,*" Kyuubey says, standing and rearing up on its hind legs. You sigh, and pick it up by the scruff of its neck as you summon Grief to yourself. Undoubtedly, you could simply let it perch on your shoulder, but you don't *like* the little alien.

"Go on, about this Hideyoshi Nao?" you say as you spare a sliver of focus to build a Grief platform for yourself.

"*She is in Kamaishi City,*" Kyuubey explains. "*Further north along the coast. It would be a detour for you on the way to Asunaro, should you so choose.*"

"I see," you say as you hop onto the platform and sit down, putting Kyuubey down beside you. "Would she be in any trouble if I *don't* travel there within the day or so? I'm fairly busy today."

"*She would not,*" Kyuubey says, turning a circle and tucking its tail up to form a fluffy little circle. "*She is not involved in any particular conflict save against Witches, nor does she have any Grief Seed issues, as I already said.*"

"Hmm," you muse as you lift the platform off, vectoring eastward. You squint backwards at the mass of Grief following behind you, and experimentally send it upwards *above* you so that it's less visible from the ground. "Her powers?"

"*Invisibility,*" Kyuubey answers. "*She is able to make herself undetectable by any means utilising the electromagnetic spectrum, including radar and lidar.*"

"*Huh,*" you say, switching to telepathy to be heard over the rushing wind. The air is cool and beautifully crisp this early in the morning, and you breathe deep. "*Do lasers just pass right through her?*"

"*Yes, they do,*" Kyuubey confirms.

"*That's cool,*" you say. "*Would she have any reason to come into conflict with myself, or my friends?*"

"*Unless you deviate significantly from your behaviour to date, no,*" Kyuubey says.

"*Right. That's good,*" you say, frowning out over the cityscape. The industrial district's coming up fast. "*Will she have moved on to a different location or something that'd put her beyond my reach if I don't go today?*"

"*No,*" Kyuubey responds.

"*So there are no time-critical issues that might occur?*" you ask, tilting the platform forward a little as you dive for the warehouse.

"*There are,*" Kyuubey says. "*If you should delay for long enough, she may die of old age.*"

You give the alien a baleful stare. Is it *joking*? It can't be joking, it doesn't know *how* to joke. Then again, it might, if only from reading joke books. The mental image is disconcerting, to say the least.

"*We are approaching the ground rather quickly,*" Kyuubey helpfully reminds you.

You sigh in annoyance and pull up, coasting to a smooth halt over Warehouse-kun. "*I know.*"

Putting one hand on the side of your flight platform, you vault over and drop the few meters to the ground. Other hand holding your sling bag in place, you land on the sandy ground with a scrape.

Kyuubey leaps after you, limbs spread like a squirrel that forgot it wasn't a *flying* squirrel. In defiance of any good sense, it lands on its feet beside you, unblinking red eyes staring up at you.

"So I gotta ask," you say as you disassemble the platform with a wave of your hand, reclaiming the Grief and compressing it into spheres you bring down to eye level, an orbiting solar system of spheres. And more to come, as you draw the *main* bulk of your Grief towards yourself. "*Were* you trying to make a joke there?"

"*Yes,*" Kyuubey responds. "*Humour is useful for defusing tension.*"

You groan, palming your face.

"*I'm aware that saying so frequently defeats the point of the joke,*" Kyuubey supplies. "*But it had already failed, had it not?*"

"I give up," you mutter, combing your hair back into some semblance of order with your fingers. "Now, first thing I want to test is the precise limits of my range. Are you capable of making precision distance measurements?"

"*Certainly,*" Kyuubey says.

"Alrighty, then... let me see," you say, looking for something clean to sit down on. With the warehouse in the state it is, though, you can't see anything that isn't rusty or overgrown with weeds, so you instead craft a seat made out of Grief to perch on. Humming quietly to yourself, you detach your Soul Gem from your collar, and hold it at arm's length from yourself.

"Hokay. I'll be right here, and as you can see, I'm holding my Soul Gem out. I'd like to know whether my radius of control is centered on my body or my Soul Gem," you say. With a bit of Grief, you grab Kyuubey by the scruff of its neck, lifting it into the air. "Will you help me by making measurements?"

"*Certainly,*" Kyuubey repeats, and with that, you send it rocketing out of sight, dangling from the Grief. It makes for a pleasantly comical sight, the little white alien fluffball simply zipping away as if on an invisible wire.

You halt your Grief right at the very edge of your sphere of influence. "*Alright. That's the limit of my range, in the direction of my Soul Gem. I'm going to describe a circle now.*"

"*Proceed,*" Kyuubey says. You do just that, swinging Kyuubey around in a wide circle. There are a few buildings away, and you guide the Incubator *around* the buildings - you *are* trying to get help from it, after all. Does no good to splatter it over the wall right this moment.

You complete the circle, and bring the Incubator back. "Well?"

"*Your range is centerd on your Soul Gem,*" it says. "*The deviations from circularity of the path I travelled were not significant on a nanometer scale, allowing for vertical motion.*"

"Huh," you say. "Right. Good to know. Not unexpected, but good to know. Right. Next test, I'm going to see how finely I can disperse my Grief. That should be good right? Because I might still have my wings or my platform, but at least I don't have *that* following me around." You gesture at the giant pile of basketball-sized spheres sitting at the corner of the warehouse where you'd stacked them.

"*Yes, that would be good,*" Kyuubey agrees.

You nod, and exhale, focusing on the spheres. All you want to do is to... dissolve it. You don't want Grief gas. You want tiny, *tiny* nanoparticles of Grief, as small as you can make them, so small they're invisible to the naked eye, so small that you can turn it into an invisible fog spread out over the entire volume of your control radius.

The spheres crumble. Not all of them. You aren't so foolish as to forget about the items you've stored away in there, and especially not right in front of Kyuubey - but you break up everything else, dividing them again and again into finer and finer pieces. Centimeters, then millimeters, then micrometers... nanometers.

You shouldn't be surprised at how you're able to render the pile of Grief spheres into dense, smoky purple fog. And it's dense by definition - you haven't spread it out. You correct that with a wave of your hand, setting it all billowing into invisibility as you set it all flowing away.

And with the dispersal comes *awareness* in almost impossible fidelity. You'd always been able to sense Grief with absolute precision, and this is no different. But you can *feel* everything around you with a billion questing fingers, the walls, the roofs, the weeds, the movement of the wind, the cars disturbing your fog of Grief particles, the...

You blush, and pull the Grief away from the human beings you sense within your sphere of awareness - the few workers still in the area.

Well then.

You stand, looking around to see... nothing, really. You don't see anything out of the ordinary, though you can vaguely feel the Grief all round you with 'just' your puella magi senses, a vague sensation you can't pin down. About what you'd expected.

"Well then," you say, cocking a challenging eyebrow at Kyuubey. "How's that?"

"*Helpful,*" Kyuubey states, tail lashing as it stares around it. "*Reducing your aerial shadow to just yourself and your conveyance reduces the likelihood of your being sighted to approximately a quarter of its original probability.*"

"Great," you say, reaching into your pocket for the ribbon Mami had gifted you. "Now, I'm going to do one last test."

Kyuubeys gives you a look clearly meant to be inquisitive, but you don't deign to answer it - this is a test with *Mami's* powers. And it might be irrational, but you feel somehow possessive of that, whatever the result might be.

With a flick of your wrist, you unfurl the ribbon to its full length, and catch the free end with bits of Grief coalesced instantly out of seemingly thin air. You grin.

You could get *used* to having a utility fog.

You spend a moment to tie a small rock to the free end of the ribbon, before setting it sailing out and away from you. You don't need a continuous connection from your*self* all the way out to extend your range, right? All you'd need, logically, is to have the ribbon extending out of the sphere of your control... which you accomplish with the rock as a counterweight and a quick swing.

There. Now you have the ribbon crossing the border of your zone of control, lying on the roof of what you suspect is a factory. And so all you have to do is to try and channel your magic into it, right?

You exhale, and you *push*. You visualize your magic flowing down the ribbon, brilliant fire connected by Mami's magic, and carefully, carefully, you slide a tiny marble of Grief along the ribbon until it *exits* your sphere of control, still intact. Still under control.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice sounds inside your mind.

You jerk, reacting to the urgency in her tone, and you release the magic instantly. She sounds almost *strangled*, voice hitched. "*Mami? What's wrong?*"

"*Are- did you do something? Something felt- really weird,*" Mami says.

*Crap*.

"*Um, I did, I'm sorry, Mami,*" you say, glaring at Kyuubey. You *know* it's listening in. "*Are you OK?*"

"*I'm- I'm fine,*" Mami says. "*That just- felt really strange. Intrusive.*"

\*\*Voting opens **Jul 26, 2017 at 1:00 PM
- [ ] What do you say to Mami?
- [ ] One more thing before you need to go to Kasamino
  - [ ] Go to school and find Mami - maybe she could excuse herself to go to the nurse?
  - [ ] Try again, this time with Mami fore-warned
- [ ] Go to Kasamino early
  - [ ] To do...
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

I'd say that was a productive session.
