# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 3

"*I'm sorry!*" you say, fretting at your lip. "*I'm sorry, I didn't realise that would work like that. Are you OK?*"

"*I'm fine, I'm fine!*" Mami says. She *does* sound like she's recovering from the surprise. "*I'm fine, Sabrina, really. It was just- unexpected, and a bit weird. Though... It almost felt like you were here with me.*"

"*I-*" you shake your head. "*Still, I'm sorry. At least I should have warned you or something before trying that.*"

"*It's alright, Sabrina,*" Mami says, warm smile evident in her voice. Even with just the sensation transmitted over telepathy, you can't help but relax. "*Did the test succeed, whatever it was?*"

"*It did, actually!*" you say. "*Um, I'm not disturbing your class, right?*"

"*No, no, it's a reading period right now,*" Mami responds.

"*Ah, OK,*" you say. "*Um, well, you know how I have that pesky range limit, right? I was thinking I could try maybe channelling my magic through your ribbons.*"

You can't help the blood rising to your face to stain your cheeks red. You'd intermingled bits of your *soul* with Mami's for a few seconds there.

"*Oh. Oh!*" You get the distinct impression of Mami's dawning understanding and ferocious blush, even over the telepathic link - she probably felt *yours* leaking over, too.

You cough, trying to fight the reddening on your cheeks. To no real avail, either. You *do* direct a glare at Kyuubey, though, flapping your hands at it in a gesture for it to *stop staring*. Not that it does you any good - it keeps its unblinking gaze on you.

"*S-so, um, yeah,*" you manage. "*Yeah. Um... Are you OK?*"

"*Ah, yes, I'm fine,*" Mami says. You can still hear the blush in her mental voice. "*I'm- I'm glad it went well.*"

"*Well, uh,*" you twiddle your fingers. "*Uh... if you're alright with it, maybe we could try the experiment again later today? If you don't mind? I'm... hopeful about extending my range, with your help.*"

"*Um- I'd be happy too!*" Mami says, and you can feel the radiant smile from all the way over here.

"*Alright,*" you say, smiling affectionately in return. "*I'll let you get back to classes, and I'll see you soon, then.*"

"*See you soon,*" Mami echoes.

You're smiling as you end the call, but the expression sours in a second as you meet Kyuubey's unblinking red stare. Madokami above, but it's... it's *likeable*, for what it *is*. For all your paranoia, it knows how to ingratiate itself. Then again, it's been dealing with humans for millennia. It's long since figured out the levers that make people tick.

Ah, well. You'll deal.

You hop to your feet, twisting from side to side and bouncing on your toes. "So, Kyuubey," you say. "Something you mentioned earlier struck me. *Can* magical girls die of biological old age? And we can heal telomere damage and other age-related problems?"

"*Yes, to both,*" Kyuubey says. "*It is possible for it to never occur to a magical girl that the damage of time can be healed.*"

"Ah," you say, rubbing your chin. "And Hideyoshi *isn't* old, right? I just wanna be sure."

"*She isn't,*" Kyuubey agrees, rising to its feet and slinking towards you.

"*Right,*" you say, pursing your lips. You stoop to grab the alien by the scruff of its neck and move it before it can get to you - it's *not* a cat, and it does *not* get to pretend to be an affectionate cat with you. You put it down firmly, *away* from you atop a crumbling brick divider, and step back to prop your fists on your hips.

"*Right* then," you say. "Can you put me in telepathic contact with Kuroki Matsuko and Hideyoshi Nao?"

"*I possess the capability to do so,*" Kyuubeys responds. "*But I will not.*"

"Why?" you ask, scowling at the Incubator.

"*If I did that, then high demand magical girls would be inundated,*" Kyuubey says. "*I think *you* would consider that a favourable outcome, but most don't.*"

And of course it prevents girls from easily reaching out for help. It lets people like Akiko gouge for using powers, because that's the only game in town. Artificial scarcity of the worst kind.

Damn.

"Right," you say. You can't stop the displeasure from leaking into your tone. "And you won't make an exception for me?"

"*No,*" Kyuubey says, tail lashing slowly.

"Feh," you grunt in annoyance. Dammit, but that would have been too easy, wouldn't it? Then again... "But you're willing to advise me to go and see Miss Hideyoshi?"

"*Yes,*" it says. "*The situations are not comparable.*"

You grimace in annoyance. Damned rat. You'd argue, but you see no real point in it - you doubt you're going to change its mind like this, not without a long, protracted argument at the *very* least. Of course, there's about a snowball's chance in hell of it even happening even with said argument.

You sigh, putting the matter aside as you dig in your pocket to find your phone again, flipping it open to check the time. You can squeeze in a *little* more experimentation before heading to Kasamino, you decide. And it'd be more productive than talking to Kyuubey any more.

You stalk away from the little Incubator, moving to the opposite side of the yard as you extend your senses. Your Grief utility fog is definitely *there*, a faint sense of pressure on your senses, but you suspect it's something that can be gotten used to. You'll check with Kyouko when you get to Kasamino, first of all, and you'll need to give some consideration to whether you really want it to be your first impression to the Asunaro girls.

On the other hand, you can store a *lot* of Grief in the... In the *cloud*. Literal cloud storage. You *flex* your mind, dividing the Grief further. From microns, you split them down into nanometre scale particles, and with *that* kind of scale you have enough storage in the cloud for a fair number of Clear Seeds before you have to worry about hitting the limits.

You fold your legs and sit back on not-so-empty air, Grief condensing instantly to support you. Oh, you could *definitely* get used to this. Now\...

Can you produce heat? Grief answers an effort of will, vibrating particles sizzling through the air to strike molecules. The air around your upraised hand noticeably warms, and you still the Grief before it reaches dangerous levels. Easy enough, given that thermal energy is little more than the motion of atoms and molecules.

Electricity and gravity are a different matter. You frown at the Grief you can't see, scowling across the yard. Kyuubey appears to have scampered off somewhere, and good riddance to it, really. You... suppose you could try and manipulate individual electrons to create current, theoretically, but electrons aren't really proper, solid *things*. Quantum physics and all.

You spend a few minutes *attempting* to corral electrons to create current, gazing *outward* with your powers rather than seeing the sandy ground in front of you. To no real avail. You're not sure whether you're actually *doing* anything, even, rather than just moving Grief nanoparticles around.

Gravity is right out. You simply don't have the mass to do it.

Two more quick tests, then, the first being...

You stand, reaching under your coat and 'withdrawing' one of your warhammers. You toss it in one hand, letting it wheel a full circle before catching it by the handle and flipping it into the air. It soars straight up, spinning end over end, and you shade your eyes against the sun as you follow it.

Of course, you don't actually have to *see* it when you can feel it with the nano particles of Grief, and if you can feel it, then you can *catch* it.

A twist of will, and Grief bands blossom out of the air in an instant, locking the hammer in place. It hangs high in the air, suspended by manacles of deep purple, and you grin.

Anyone who enters your zone of control is now even *more* screwed than before. Not that they weren't previously, of course, but hey.

You check your phone again. Time to go, you reckon.

"Kyuubey, you still around?" you call, looking around.

"*Yes,*" it responds in its childlike voice. You sense its body appear out of thin air by the Grief nanoparticles displaced - behind you. You're already turning to face it. *No* Batman arrival for it!

"Right," you say. "I'm heading to Kasamino. For now, I'm going to see whether I can do visual camouflage of my flying platform below, can you verify it for me?"

"*Certainly,*" Kyuubey says. You've already turned away from it, drawing in Grief from the cloud. You build your mobile oppression fortress, but you don't leave it the deep, rippling purple of Grief. You build layers of tiny, tiny scales, drawing inspiration from nature: Butterfly wings aren't actually coloured. There's no pigment in them, but they're beautifully colourful anyway because millions of years of evolution has resulted in nanoscale structures reflecting light into interferometric patterns that *create* brilliant colours.

Your Grief shades from its natural mottled purple to a deep red, then orange and yellow and green and finally blue as you fine tune it. You squint up at the sky, trying to match the colour.

"*Vary the primary branches up by twenty-seven nanometers,*" Kyuubey suggests, eyes gleaming as it prowls around you. "*Double the length of the trunks to present better radar absorption.*"

You follow the advice, and nod in satisfaction as the colour shifts to a perfect sky-blue. If Kyuubey's good for *something*...

"Cool. Thanks, Kyuubey. See you whenever," you say, brushing past it and striding for the platform. You're already scaling over your remaining Grief spheres, the stuff that you're using to carry cargo and therefore *isn't* in the cloud. Does no good to colour your Mobile Oppression Fortress if you're still being chased by a swarm of Grief blobs, right?

You take right off into the sky without a backward look, soaring into a beautifully clear blue expanse. Kyuubey is a *bother* to talk to because you have to be mindful of everything you say, every single word. Up here... well, Kyuubey could probably follow you if it had a mind to, but for now, it's peaceful.

Arrowing out across the river, you soak in the breathtaking view. Sunlight glitters off the river, the white v-shape of a boat's wake cutting across the water as you sweep past the bridge. Once, you jumped the river - you'd had to. Now, you *fly*.

"*Hey, Kyouko!*" you reach out via telepathy. "*I'm on my way over right now. Where shall I meet you?*"

"*Mmmrfzlckff.*"

You blink, and check your phone again for the time. A minute past nine. Well... she doesn't go to school, you suppose, so there's that.

"*... Yuma?*" you try instead.

"*Good morning, Sabrina,*" Yuma whispers to you. "*Big sis is still asleep.*"

"*Yeah, I figured,*" you say. "*Hmm. Where are you?*"

"*We're at Conrad Hotel,*" Yuma whispers. "*Twenty-eighth floor. Yuma will try to wake big sis?*"

"*Hunh,*" you say. "*Right. No rush on the waking. I... guess I'll head on over.*"

You do more than that - you stop by a cafe, one with the shortest queue you could find to pick up take-away breakfast. Conrad Hotel is easy enough to find from the giant sign, and once you get in range, you home right in on their Soul Gem presences. By the time you're tapping on the window, Kyouko's sitting up on the bed and rubbing her eyes.

Her hair is *impressively* dishevelled, strands and tufts sticking out at odd angles.

Yuma notices you first, bouncing off the bed with a cheerful smile for you as she unlocks the window to let you into the opulently furnished room. Probably a five-star hotel, if you're any judge. Kyouko gives you a baleful, sleep-addled glare before wordlessly stalking over to the bathroom. She pauses at the door, turning to frown at you.

"Are y' doing anything weird with your powers?" she asks, perplexity evident in her furrowed brow.

"Uh... a little, yeah," you say. "I've dispersed my Grief into the air rather than carry it around with me. I wanted to ask, actually, Kyouko, Yuma - is it *noticeable*? Or offputting?"

"It's kinda *there*," Kyouko says. "Like someone on the opposite side o' the room farted. *Hardly* notice it, but the stink is there."

She slams the bathroom door behind her, and you hear running water in the sink a few minutes later.

You laugh, and put the takeaway on the table. "'morning, Yuma," you say. "What do you think?"

"Good morning! Um... Yuma wouldn't have noticed if Sabrina didn't point it out," Yuma says, giving you a shy smile. Her eyes dart towards the steaming box.

You wave her towards the table. "Go ahead," you say, grinning. "How are you?"

"Yuma is hungry!" the green haired girl squeaks as she hurries over to the table, pulling the box open to discover western-style breakfast: lots of eggs, bread, butter, bacon and sausages.

"Yeah, I'd imagine," you say, watching as she pulls a paper plate out of the box and piles it high. "All good on Grief Seeds?"

Yuma goes quiet, her busy fork stilling. "Yuma thinks you should ask big sis."

"Alright," you say, hiding your grimace. A bit of a rhetorical question, given that you can sense both her and Kyouko's Soul Gems, but you'd wanted to make conversation. And the answer to that is that no, not really. They're both clean, ish, but they don't have any Grief Seeds to spare, either.

You watch as Yuma starts to eat, the shadow that fell over her face dissipating as she digs in with happy noises.

"So," you say, grinning. "How was the meeting with Sayaka yesterday? Uh, Miss Miki."

"Miss Miki seems like a nice person!" Yuma says around a mouthful of bacon. "She was very angry at first, but big sis talked to her and then they sparred!" She leans in to confide in you. "She lost, of course."

You snort. "Well, yeah, your big sis has been a magical girl for years. Sayaka's been a magical girl for *days*."

Yuma nods enthusiastically, messy hair flopping everywhere. "Miss Miki was very worried about Yuma! She wanted to know whether big sis was taking care of Yuma."

"Yeah, she's a good person," you agree. "Did Kyouko and Sayaka get along?"

"Yuma thinks so!" Yuma says. "Miss Miki was suspicious, but big sis insulted you and then-" Her eyes go huge, and she clamps her jaw shut.

"... I suppose I deserve that," you say with an amused and not terribly graceful snort. You can laugh at yourself, at least.

Kyouko chooses this moment to emerge from the bathroom, her hair still hanging loose but considerably tidier than it was earlier. Her eyes zero in on the food like heatseeking missiles. "Hey!"

"I got more than enough," you say, rolling your eyes. "Yuma hasn't even hit half of it yet."

Kyouko gives you a half-hearted glare and hurries over to the table to load up her own plate. "Thought I said not before nine."

You arch an eyebrow and point at the digital clock on the dresser, displaying the time prominently at nine twenty-two.

Kyouko scowls at you and digs into the food.

**Voting opens**Jul 29, 2017 at 12:00 PM

- [ ] Sayaka's lessons
  - [ ] Scheduling
    - [ ] Telepathy Sayaka for schedule
    - [ ] In the evenings
    - [ ] Daily
    - [ ] Weekends
  - [ ] Payment
    - [ ] Clear Seed
    - [ ] Cleansings
    - [ ] Cash
    - [ ] Gold
  - [ ] Shipping
- [ ] Anything else to talk to Kyouko about?
- [ ] Keep the utility fog, or get rid of it?
- [ ] Head to Asunaro
  - [ ] How do you present yourself?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

The next update will probably bring you to Asunaro.
