# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 6

"*Hm... hold that thought for a second?*" you say to Nadia.

"Say, uh, quick question," you say out loud - you should probably confirm. "You girls are gonna stay at least the night, right? Any idea how long you would like to stay?"

Umika and Kaoru look to Kazumi, who worries at her lip. "Um... how long can we stay?" she asks.

Hm. You *did* intend to travel to Asunaro with Mami after their visit.

"Honestly, I think both Mami and I are fine with you staying as long as you like," you say, shrugging. "So... up to you?"

"Maybe... maybe two or three days?" Kazumi suggests. "Then you can come over to Asunaro!"

"Sounds good to me," you say. A bit of a clash there. Tricky, tricky, but something to work out you guess. You include Mami into the telepathic conversation. "*Hey, Mami?*"

"*Mm, Sabrina?*" Mami asks. You can feel the warm smile on her face.

"*I've got Nadia here - she says she's sending the Shiogama girls to us tomorrow. Do you think that's OK?*" you ask. "*They'll be here tomorrow morning.*"

"*Oh, I see,*" Mami says. "*I'll be at school, but you can meet them first?*"

"*That's what I was thinking. Maybe show them around Mitakihara a bit, until you finish school?*" you agree. "*Nadia, do you have a more specific time?*"

"*Ten o'clock,*" Nadia says. "*We will be moving by train.*"

"*That sounds good to me, Sabrina,*" Mami says.

"*Alright,*" you say. "*Thanks! To the both of you. Let me know tomorrow, Nadia?*"

"*I will. We will be there!*" Nadia says cheerfully, and exits the telepathic call.

"*We're on our way back, Mami,*" you say. "*We'll make it back.*"

"*Alright,*" Mami says. "*I... thank you, Sabrina.*"

"*I'm glad to,*" you say. "*See you soon, Mami.*"

You return to the conversation, apologising for the diversion and chatting amiably with them. You take a few minutes to divert into your goals, too: you want to *help*. Kazumi nods eagerly in agreement.

"Just like Mami!" Kazumi opines, eyes shining.

"Thanks," you say with a grin. "I... Mami believes that we, as magical girls, have a duty to help people. We have to kill Witches and Familiars, because they can't, and because they'd be in danger if we didn't. But well... there's nobody *but* ourselves to help *each other*, right?"

Kazumi nods enthusiastically.

"I'm starting small," you say. "I want to make Mami happy, I want to make my friends happy. But... As arrogant as it sounds, I can do so much *more*. I can help magical girls *everywhere*."

You shrug, a little sheepish and a little self-conscious. Kazumi's grinning unabashedly, though.

"I think that's a wonderful goal," she says. "Don't you, Umika, Kaoru?"

"I see where you get it from," Umika says. She tilts her head back so that her windswept fringe is out of her face, and quirks an eyebrow at Kazumi.

Kazumi pouts, and both you and Umika laugh, Kaoru joining in with a boisterous smack on Kazumi's shoulder.

"*By the way, Kazumi,*" you murmur into the girl's mind as the trio bicker good-naturedly with each other. "*I can't help but notice your Soul Gem's a bit full.*"

"*No it isn't-*" she denies reflexively, eyes widening. She covers up her surprise by poking Kaoru in the stomach.

"*Let me cleanse your Gem?*" you ask. She's trying to hide it from her friends, because that's the kind of person she is. Others before herself. "*Please? Besides, you owe me a hug, right? Let me do this for you? I can do it without your friends noticing if you just let your hand hang down by the chair.*"

"*I- don't tell them?*" Kazumi pleads, a touch of anxiety in her voice.

"*Alright,*" you say.

She lets her hand dangle, and you nod quietly to yourself as you start to siphon the Grief off in as thin a stream as you can make, immediately merging it into the fabric of your flying platform as it comes free. Slow and steady, so that Umika and Kaoru don't notice it.

"*Thank you,*" Kazumi breathes into your mind. She doesn't show a whit of the relief she must feel as you drain the accumulated *despair* from her Soul Gem.

"So Umika, I understand that you write?" you ask, smiling at the dark blue-haired girl.

Umika nods, and immediately starts bemoaning the state of the publishing industry - from Kaoru and Kazumi's reactions, this is a familiar refrain. You listen with interest, interjecting where you can from what you know of publishing, and you reach out for Oriko in yet another telepathic call.

"*Say, Oriko?*" you say. "*Do you have a moment?*"

"*Yes, I am free,*" she responds. "*Is something wrong?*"

"*No, no, not at all,*" you say. "*Come on, I don't only call you when something's wrong.*"

"*Nevertheless, it's a valid question where you are involved,*" Oriko says, tone utterly dry.

"*Hrmph,*" you say. You hope she can feel your mental glare. "*I just wanted a bit of advice, and maybe permission. Nadia's sending two girls over from Shiogama, because their team is broken and they're unable to sustain themselves. But we don't have a place for them to stay, and I was thinking I could house them at the warehouse unless you have a better suggestion?*"

"*I have no objections to that,*" Oriko says. "*I have no further use for the place, after all. Perhaps a hotel would be a good temporary option, additionally?*"

"*I don't have any ID for it,*" you say. The warehouse would be a good option, but for the fact that it's way out in the industrial district. The remoteness of the location is in some ways a boon - it'd make comings and goings for them easier, but it *is* in the old industrial district. For all that Oriko had the warehouse nicely furnished, it isn't the *best* place.

"*Do you not?*" Oriko sounds faintly surprised. "*I see. Kirika does, if you would like to request her help.*"

"*... should I ask why she has one?*" you venture.

"*She had it before she met me,*" Oriko says, voice turning fond. "*I gather that she found it useful at times.*"

"*Noooot gonna ask then,*" you say. "*Thanks for the advice and the permission!*"

"*You are welcome,*" Oriko says, and ends the call.

The rest of the trip is spent in amiable chatter, Kazumi perking up even more as you finish the cleansing. With the halfway mark passed, you start to slow - the fastest way of travelling a straight line distance is to accelerate all the way to the halfway mark, and then *de*celerate past that point. And eventually, the familiar skyline of Mitakihara City starts to loom on the horizon. You check your phone - you'll make it with about ten minutes to spare. Excellent.

"It's good to get home after being away, isn't it?" Kazumi says.

"Hm?" you say, glancing back at her.

She shakes her head, smiling. "Just the way you looked at the city."

You don't have anything to say to that, so instead, you start pointing out landmarks as they come into view. Soon and yet not soon enough, you reach the grand cathedral rooftop of Mitakihara Middle School.

The Asunaro trio take it in stride as you land on the roof, though you take a moment to caution them that while your little lunchgroup are usually the only people to come up here, this *is* a school and you're not actually supposed to be here. Kazumi nods solemnly.

The school bell rings. Sudden activity explodes from beneath you as class ends, and you can just hear the 'Stand! Bow! Sit!' routines, repeated dozens of times over. And then there's noise and movement, and you can feel Mami's presence, glowing warm and bright as she pelts up the stairs three at a time.

She bursts onto the roof. Her eyes find you first, and then Kazumi, and she stops, deer in headlights.

Kazumi, on the other hand, has no such hangups. She bounces forward happily, reaching out to grab Mami's hand in both of hers. "Mami! I'm so happy to see you again!" she squeals. "It's been a long time, how are you? You look great-"

You're not any further behind. Kazumi babbles a mile a minute, but you step around her so that you can touch Mami's shoulder lightly. Golden eyes starting to tear up find yours, and you smile encouragingly at her.

Kaoru catches up with Kazumi, tugging her back gently. "You're overwhelming her."

"Oh- right," Kazumi says, blinking and stepping back.

"I- I'm happy to see you too," Mami says, venturing a smile at Kazumi. "It *has* been a while."

"It has!" Kazumi agrees, shining up with a smile. She doesn't seem to notice -or chooses not to comment on- the way Mami's eyes are suspiciously shiny.

Mami swallows, swaying as she stares at you - and you nod, smiling encouragingly at her. She shakes her head and steps forward, arms rising a little.

You answer the silent request and pull her into a tight, tight hug. You can feel the way she trembles as she buries her face in your shoulder. You can hear -and sense- your other friends coming up the stairs, and you're blocking the stairwell, but you don't care. You spot them out of the corner of your eye, only for them to halt with Madoka's tugging on Sayaka and Homura's sleeves.

Behind you, Kazumi's stepped back with her friends, giving you room.

"It's good to be back," you murmur to her.

"Thank you," she whispers into your shoulder.

She doesn't let go of you, but she does ease back enough so that she can keep one arm around you, but still face the Asunaro trio. "I'm sorry about that," she says. "I'm just- overwhelmed is one way to put it."

"No, no," Kazumi says, shaking her head and beaming. "I understand!"

Umika and Kaoru nod, echoing the sentiment. Sayaka chooses this moment to emerge from the stairwell, blinking in the sunlight and grinning at the new arrivals. "Hello!"

"Hi!" Kazumi says, bouncing forward. "You must be another of Mami's students!"

"Yep," Sayaka agrees, sticking her hand out to shake. "Miki Sayaka, nice to meet you, uh, Kazusa-sempai?"

"*Yes!*" Kazumi crows, preening as she shakes Sayaka's hand. She gives her friends a triumphant look. "See? I'm a sempai."

"You're really not," Kaoru says, reaching over to muss Kazumi's hair.

Homura and Madoka are the next to walk out on the roof, followed by Hitomi.

"Hello, Miss Kazusa," Madoka says, bowing. "It's very nice to meet you."

You snicker as you watch Kazumi introduce herself - it would probably be polite to help, but Kazumi seems to have it well in hand. And besides, you're more concerned about Mami.

"Are you alright, Mami?" you murmur to her.

"I- I think I am," Mami says, smiling back at you. "I just- I can't explain how- I never thought I'd see her again, and just-" She fumbles for words, before shaking her head and beams at you through teary eyes. "*Thank* you, Sabrina."

"Talk to her?" you encourage. "When you're ready."

Mami nods, taking a deep breath and rejoining the main group. Kazumi's finished introducing herself and her friends with aggressive enthusiasm, practically vibrating in place at meeting so many people. Even Homura has reluctantly introduced herself.

"How have you been, Kazusa-san?" Mami asks.

"You can call me Kazumi, you know!" Kazumi pouts. "I've been good! Mami, these are my good friends and team mates, Umika and Kaoru. We're all part of a big team, the Pleiades Saints!"

"It's good to meet you," Mami says, nodding.

"It's good to finally meet you, Miss Tomoe," Umika says, bowing deeply. "We've heard a lot about you from Kazumi."

"Yeah!" Kaoru agrees. "From what she says, you're really good!"

"Mami's more than just *good*," you say, and smile at Mami. "She's *amazing*. Though, uh, we should start eating? We're on the school timetable here!"

With a chorus of agreement, you all settle down on the benches. Everyone starts producing their lunches, even the Asunaro girls. Mami opens the still-warm container of ribollita, the rich scent of the stew more than enough to make your stomach grumble.

"Aaaa!" Kazumi squawks, sitting bolt upright. "Where's my parfait?"

"You left it on my flying platform," you say, grinning at her. "I've got it, here. It's dessert, anyway!" You float the icebox over, held securely with Grief as Mami starts to dole out the stew.

"Homura, take more," you say, smiling at your friend. "Madoka, make sure she eats up?"

Homura blinks at you slowly, but complies, holding her lunchbox out for Mami to spoon more over.

The next few minutes are hungry and busy as everyone digs in. Mami's ribollita gets praise, and Kazumi devours another two helpings of it. You lean companionably against Mami's side as you eat, sneaking warm smiles at her.

"How did you meet your team?" Kazumi asks, glancing at Mami as she savours another mouthful of stew.

"Ah, well... it was really Sabrina's doing," Mami says. "She... Well, she didn't have anywhere to stay at first, so I let her stay with me. She encouraged Homura to work with us, and she was friends with Sayaka and Madoka and Hitomi."

"Hey, we were your friends too!" Sayaka objects, waving her chopsticks at Mami. "Right, Madoka? Hitomi?"

"We were and are," Hitomi affirms with an amused smile, taking a dainty bite of rice.

Mami smiles, ducking her head. "So it was natural that Sayaka joined us when she became a magical girl, too."

"Not like I'd go anywhere else," Sayaka snorts.

"All I did was make sure we were all friends," you demur. "Everything else came naturally."

"That's an excellent place to start from!" Kazumi declares with a firm nod.

"*We* weren't friends at the beginning..." Kaoru protests, nudging her in the side.

"But we are now\~" Kazumi grins.

Kaoru pokes Kazumi in the cheek. "We are, but we weren't at the beginning."

"Fine, fine," Kazumi says, shaking her head. "It *is* a good thing, though." She flashes you a thumbs up.

"I like to think so," you say, grinning around at your friends. "Right, guys?"

"Did you run off and clone yourself and make yourself black-haired?" Sayaka asks, giving you an accusing look. "*I'm* the one with the clone powers here, you know."

"You have clone powers?" Hitomi asks, giving her a look of mild, understated surprise.

"Copied them off a girl in Ishinomaki, yeah," Sayaka says with a grin.

"Nah, I'm not a clone," Kazumi says.

"Maybe *you're* the clone, Sabrina," Kaoru says.

"Hah, well, I did wake up in an alleyway with no memory," you say, rolling your eyes. "Better than waking up in a suitcase, I suppose."

"Is that something that has happened before?" Hitomi enquires.

"Nah, but it *could*," you say, snorting.

"That seems unlikely," Homura says mildly, only half-heartedly trying to fend off Madoka giving her some grapes.

"Would you even fit inside a suitcase?" Madoka asks, beaming at you.

Appraising looks are directed your way.

"Perhaps a very *large* suitcase," Umika suggests. "I've seen some big ones at the airport."

"Why are we discussing putting me in a suitcase?" you ask.

"I wouldn't mind carrying you around with me," Mami says, giving you a warm smile.

"Baaah," you grumble, and steal a piece of chicken out of her lunchbox. Sure, you both have the same fried chicken, but it's the principle of the thing.

"You have copying powers too?" Kazumi asks, giving Sayaka a curious look.

"Yup!" Sayaka says, and digs in her pocket before pulling out a large keychain full of tabs, each one mounted with a power gem. "Each of these is a power I copied!"

"Oh, that's cool," you say, leaning forward to peer at the wheel. "When did you make that?"

"I got papa to help!" Sayaka says, beaming. "It's just sheet plastic, really. See, like this, they're all accessible quickly. And there's enough empty spots if I get more powers, though I might just make another one. Um... I was wondering, Mami, if you could help me enchant it to make it more durable?"

"Certainly!" Mami says with a smile. "That's excellent thinking, Sayaka."

"Yeah, it's a great idea," you say. "Keep all your powers to hand rather than risk dropping them, right?"

"Yep," Sayaka says, spinning the keychain on a finger and almost preening under the attention.

"Do you wanna copy my powers?" Kazumi asks, bouncing on her seat. "I've got copying powers, too! Maybe I can try copying yours!"

"Eh?" Sayaka asks, raising an eyebrow. "How would that... work?"

"I dunno!" Kazumi says, leaning forward and motioning for Sayaka's hand. "We should find out!"

"... Mami? What do you think?" you say, giving her a perplexed glance. Sure, 'FOR SCIENCE' is one thing, but then again, infinite recursions are probably bad.

"It should be fine?" Mami says. "I think?"

Sayaka reaches out to grab Kazumi's hand. You feel the spark of magic from both of them, and Sayaka settles back, working her jaw thoughtfully. "You make... copies of effects?" she asks.

"I do!" Kazumi says, beaming. "I learned Mami's guns from her!"

"They're muskets," Mami says primly.

"Rifled percussion lock muskets," you add.

"Oh, I see how it is," Kazumi says, smirking at the two of you. "No wonder you get along\~"

"Hey, it's true," you say, bumping your shoulder against Mami's and giggling. A thought strikes you. "Oh, hey, before I forget - um Kazumi, Umika, Kaoru, after lunch I'll have to go sort out some housing matters. I'm sorry I can't give you my full attention, but..." You shake your head. "Timing, you know?"

"No, no! We're guests here," Kazumi says, beaming. "It's fine!"

"Well - do you want to tag along, or would you rather do something else while I sort it out quickly?" you ask.

"Tagging along is fine with me," Kazumi says. "Umika, Kaoru?"

They nod in agreement.

"Housing issues, Sabrina?" Hitomi enquires. "Anything I can help with?"

"Eh - we've got two more out-of-town magical girls travelling here," you say, scratching at the back of your neck. "Need to figure out where they live, since Mami's spare bedroom is going to be occupied. Um, sorry Kazumi, I should have mentioned this earlier."

"No, not at all," she says, shaking her head.

Hitomi makes a thoughtful noise. "If you *do* need help, I could probably ask my parents," she says. "Friend of a friend."

You beam at her. "Thanks, Hitomi. I appreciate it."

Conversation lapses, falling into a comfortable silence as you eat.

"Ooh, hey, Kazumi-" you say, a thought occurring to you. "Speaking of Mami's muskets, you know Mami's Tiro Finale?"

"Mm, yeah!" Kazumi says, brightening. "I make sure all our attacks are named now, Mami! There's *Limit Esterni* and *Capitano Potenza* and *Carcere Pausa* and *Tocco del Male* and- mmph!"

Umika covers Kazumi's mouth with her hand. "I'm sorry, she gets like this about attack names," she says.

You glance at Mami, grinning, and speak at the same time she does. "Names are *important*!"

"Oh, *god*," Kaoru says, burying her face in her hands. "It's infectious."

"You know," Sayaka says, making a thoughtful expression. "*Homura* doesn't have any named attacks yet."

"No." Homura glares at the bleunette.

You purse your lips, considering.

"*No*." Homura repeats, with more emphasis and a glare at you.

"I didn't say anything!" you protest.

Homura sniffs, glare intensifying.

"Oh, fine," you say, and grin at Kazumi, waving your chopsticks at her. "Also, I was gonna say - Mami has a new attack even bigger than Tiro Finale! It's called Cannone Picchio!"

"*We* have a new attack," Mami says, giving you a fond smile.

"Oh, a combination attack!" Kazumi says. If she bounces any harder, the lunchbox is gonna fall off her lap. "That's wonderful!"

Mami blushes. "Well- it's fun to do, but we haven't really tested it properly yet."

"Oh, I'm sure you'll get to try it out soon!" Kazumi says, bouncing. "Do you think we can all go on a Witch hunt tonight?"

"That would be good, yes," Mami says with a smile. "Sabrina? Homura, Sayaka? What do you think?"

"I'm good for it!" Sayaka says, brightening. "It'd be good to test out my new powers."

"I will try to make time," Homura murmurs quietly.

\*\*Voting opens **Aug 9, 2017 at 12:00 PM
- [ ] Hunting tonight
  - [ ] Yes, definitely!
  - [ ] No
    - [ ] Why?
- [x] Dessert? Dessert.
- [ ] After lunch...
  - [ ] Settling housing for the Shiogama girls
    - [ ] Kirika's ID
    - [ ] Warehouse
    - [ ] Something else?
  - [ ] What's next?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

So, if anyone's wondering - my free time appears to have suddenly vanished due to Path of Exile's huge expansion finally releasing. Whoops.
