# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 7

You blink at Homura, and grin. Was that a *joke*? Homura telling *jokes*. *Homura* telling jokes.

... at least you *think* that was a joke.

"So that's settled then," you say. "We're going hunting tonight!"

"Woo!" Sayaka cheers, pumping her fist in the air.

"Group hunt!" Kazumi agrees.

You laugh, grinning at the sheer exuberance in the air. "By the way, everyone's finished eating, right?"

You survey the chorus of affirmations, and then turn to Kazumi. "Then I think it's time for dessert."

"Oh! Yes!" Kazumi says, reaching under the bench for the precious icebox. She flips the top open to reveal the parfait, delicate layers of cream and frothed egg and fruit all folded together with a careful touch and still perfectly chilled.

"That looks amazing, Miss Kazusa," Mami says softly, leaning forward to look. You smile warm and gentle at Mami, taking her hand and intertwining your fingers.

"It looks excellent," Hitomi says, nodding. "If it tastes as good as it looks, Miss Kazusa, you could have a future in cooking."

"Yeah, it looks good!" Sayaka agrees. "Right, Homura? C'mon, even you gotta admit it looks good."

Homura looks faintly annoyed at being put on the spot, and shrugs indifferently. "It looks good."

"Hah, see!" Sayaka crows.

Kazumi grins bashfully as she readies a large spoon to divvy out the parfait. "Thanks, everyone."

Mami's served first, then you, but you wait for everyone to have some before digging in.

The parfait is *amazing*. It's creamy and sweet and cold and melts on your tongue, peaches and strawberries and berries just slightly tart to cut through the sugar. You all take a few minutes to savour it, the cool dessert the perfect rejoinder to cap off the meal after the glorious ribollita Mami cooked.

You'll have to try making some with Mami after Kazumi heads back to Asunaro.

"Say, Hitomi?" you ask slowly as you savour another spoonful of parfait.

"Mmm?" the verdette asks, glancing at you.

"Is that offer about the housing still open?" you ask. You're loathe to *impose*, but she *did* offer. If she's sure, and she's willing to help, it'd be so much of a help - not just for the Shiogama girls, but also to demonstrate to Madoka that you don't have to be a magical girl to do good things, too.

"Of course," Hitomi says, sitting up. "Do you know how long they'll be staying? I assume they can't pay rent at the moment."

... Put like that, it *does* sound rather bad.

"Yeah, you're right, you remember-" Hitomi wasn't there for that meeting, you remember belatedly. "Right, I forgot. Um... Right, we met with a travelling magical girl from out of town. She mentioned that there was a group that needed a place to go, so we suggested that they could move here."

Hitomi nods, frowning thoughtfully. "I see," she says, and reaches for her phone to tap out a message.

"If it helps, I can pay rent on their behalf," you say. "For at least the short term. It's the... you know, needing paperwork to rent a house bit that's giving me issues."

"Ah, hm," Hitomi says absently, fingers moving busily - by the looks of it, she just deleted half the message she typed. "That makes things a lot easier, actually. When do they arrive again?"

"Uh, tomorrow," you say, rubbing your nose.

"Ah, that's tricky..." Hitomi muses. "Is a serviced apartment alright? I can explain to my parents that friends of a friend are in town unexpectedly, which is quite close to being true, right?"

"Should be more than fine," you agree, blinking. "But only if it isn't too much trouble."

"Not at all," Hitomi says, smiling faintly. "Glad to help!"

You beam at her. "Thanks, Hitomi. I appreciate it - if there's anything I can do in return, let me know? And, uh, let me know how much it costs? Is paying by cash OK?"

"That goes for me, too," Mami says. "Don't hesitate to let us know."

You bump your shoulder against Mami, sharing a warm smile.

"Alright," Hitomi says. "Do you have an email address? I'll forward it to you. Cash should be fine, but you won't be paying it to me - you'd pay it to the building administration. Or... the girls from Shiogama will."

"Ah, I gotcha," you say, nodding. "Uh. I don't have an email, no."

"Send it to mine," Mami offers.

Hitomi flashes you an amused, faint smile. "I'll do that, then."

With that settled, Hitomi returns to her dessert.

You beam at Mami, wrapping your arm around her waist. She sighs happily, and cuddles closer. The sun is just warm enough to be comfortable without being hot, and you're pleasantly full from that delicious lunch, and you have Mami at your side. You're... allowed to be happy.

You'll have to interrupt it eventually, but you can spare a few minutes to soak it in - just about everyone's in some state of food coma, anyway. Even Homura seems less dour than usual, and just satisfied.

"That was super delicious," Madoka says, leaning back on the bench. "Thank you, Mami and Kazumi!"

"Yeah, thank you!" Sayaka echoes, setting off a chain of heartfelt praise and thanks.

"Ah... Sabrina helped too," Mami says, blushing and shaking her head.

"Not that much," you say, smiling at Mami.

"Mami's a fantastic cook!" Kazumi says, beaming.

"See? Everyone agrees," you say.

"Thanks, everyone," Mami says. She leans against you with a quiet, happy sigh.

"*Say, Mami?*" you murmur telepathically as Sayaka strikes up a conversation complaining about Miss Saotome moving around homework submission dates or something.

"*Mmm?*" Mami asks, tilting her head so she can look at you.

"*Um... I didn't quite think things through, and I scheduled Sayaka's training for Monday, Wednesday, and Friday,*" you say. Well, you *did*, but you thought that Sayaka probably wouldn't want to do Saturday training sessions. "*Um. Do you think I should reschedule?*"

You can feel the jolt of tension that runs through Mami's body.

"*I- w-whatever you think seems better,*" she manages.

You hug Mami a little tighter, and she presses close with a little noise. "*No, Mami. What would be better is *you* being happy.*"

"*I don't- I don't know, Sabrina,*" Mami whispers. "*I- I don't.*"

Out of the corner of your eye, you watch Madoka nudge Sayaka and Homura. Sayaka nudges Hitomi as they all fall silent. Kazumi seems to have noticed, too.

These are your friends, but perhaps you should have done this more discreetly. Well. Too late for that. You needed to talk to everyone *after* talking to Mami, but...

"*Just-*" Mami swallows, hunching her shoulders. Trying to make herself look smaller. "*Just make the decision.*"

"*Would it be alright if I accompanied Sayaka for the training?*" you ask gently. "*Kazumi and everyone else will still be around.*"

"*That's- that's fine,*" Mami says, swallowing.

You exhale, and look around. "Guys, could you give us some privacy?"

"Of course!" Sayaka says, jerking to her feet with alacrity. "We- we should probably get going, anyway. The bell will ring soon."

"Yeah!" Madoka says, tucking her lunch box away and hopping off the bench. "Um, goodbye Kazumi, Umika, Kaoru! It was very nice meeting you!"

Hitomi and Homura rise more sedately, and you all exchange farewells. Madoka gives you a quick, anxious smile before hurrying off with her friends.

Kazumi smiles at you, dimples showing. "We'll go explore a bit," she says.

Mami makes a little noise, curling on herself as the Asunaro girls leap off the rooftop for the next building over. "I'm sorry."

"No, don't be," you say, turning so you can hug her properly. "Mami, I... I'm not you. I don't *understand* what it feels like. I know what happened, but I can only guess what it feels like. But... I'm *here* for you. Alright?"

"I know," Mami whispers, nestling into your arms. "I- I'm sorry, anyway."

"Then I'm sorry, too," you whisper. "I'm sorry I have to bring up these painful things. I don't want to leave you out of these, I don't want to take control of your life." More than you already have, anyway.

"I trust you, Sabrina," Mami whispers.

"I know," you say, burying your nose in her hair. "But it's not *right* for me to dictate everything for you. It's not right for me to make decisions about your relationships, past and present, or your friends. I won't do that. I won't... I won't *stifle* you like that."

"I'm sorry," Mami says, shaking her head with the barest movement side to side.

You fall silent for a while, letting Mami recover her composure. You find yourself stroking her back slowly, rubbing soothing, absent-minded circles around the tense muscles between her shoulders.

The school bell rings. Mami stiffens in your arms, but doesn't pull away.

"Mami?" you prompt gently. With the school bell already rung, she'd be late to class, but still probably get off with nothing but a reprimand.

"I don't..." Mami looks up at you, golden eyes wide and worried. "I don't want to go. I want to s-stay. With you. T-then later you can bring Sayaka to see K-Kyouko. Is- is that alright?"

"What about school?" you ask.

"It- it's fine," Mami says, shaking her head. "Just, it's just one day and I want..." Her shoulders slump. "I j-just want to spend time with y-you. And Miss K-Kazusa."

\*\*Voting opens **Aug 14, 2017 at 11:00 AM
- [ ] Mami...
  - [ ] Of course she can come
  - [ ] School is important
- [ ] What will you be doing?
  - [ ] Ask the Pleiades about the meguca you felt trailing after Nico earlier
  - [ ] Tour town and go shopping. Buy Mami a dress
  - [ ] Offer Kazumi a demo of your powers to copy
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Apologies for the late update - busy weekend (and no, it wasn't *all* Path of Exile, I swear).
