# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 11

You close your eyes for a second, and then blow out a sharp breath before opening them again.

"Then *I* am going to fight full force," you declare, and grin at Sayaka. "I'm not gonna come close to winning otherwise, and I'm... probably not going to win anyway."

Sayaka chuckles, rubbing nervously at the back of her hair. "You sure about this?"

"Yeah, I think so," you say, exhaling and reaching under your coat to pull out a hammer. "I doubt I'll hit you, but eh... I can pull my strikes, I think."

Something pricks at your shoulder, and you jump, twisting around to spot Kyouko *poking* you with her *spear*.

"You *better* be trying," she grumbles.

"Yeah, yeah," you say. "Your cloak's still missing, Sayaka."

"Eh? Oh!" Sayaka tilts her head to stare at her shoulder. Pure white cloth shimmers into place, extending from thin air with a faint blue glow. She grins at you, pulling a sword out from under her reformed cape and sweeping it up into a fencer's salute.

"Drama queens," Kyouko mutters, not so softly that you can't hear it, and not so softly that you'd think you weren't *supposed* to hear it.

"I resemble that remark," you say mildly.

Kyouko rolls her eyes. "Yuma, you good?"

"I'm good, big sis!" Yuma says. She waves her mace-scepter-thing, emerald green light washing over Sayaka, and then Kyouko. The younger girl beams and plops down on a nearby tree trunk, kicking her legs and savouring another skewer from her bag.

"When you're ready, princess," Kyouko says, hooking her spear behind her shoulders once more and snagging some dango from Yuma. "Both of ya."

"Right," you say, nodding and turning your attention to Sayaka. "Um-"

Sayaka moves.

You nearly trip over your feet trying to catch her. You *just* manage to swing your hammer out left in her way but she just goes *over* and there's a sharp *boom* of bladeshot echoing over your head and Sayaka's foot on your left shoulder as she prepares to spring over you-

"Oi, are you even trying?"

-but you're not taking *that*. You drop your shoulder. She's already pushing off, and she goes off balance. Just for a split second, just enough for you to grab her by the ankle and whip her into the ground-

And *try* to whip her into the ground. She twists and lashes at your face with her other foot. You let go. You have to. Lightning wreathes the fist lashing at your face, crackling far too close to you. You duck that, weaving to her left, and as she follows, you sweep your hammer out, a swift, underhand swing.

Steel chimes against steel, your hammer parried by a freshly summoned sword. Sayaka grins at you, bright and exhilarated - she's holding you back with one arm, and hard enough to make you strain. Fine. You spin away, darting around her. The sudden loss of resistance makes her stumble, and you drive your elbow into the back of her head.

Sayaka barely notices it, springing forward for Kyouko - who isn't even behind you any more. She's perched on a tree branch, glaring down at you. Sayaka isn't aiming for her. She just needs space. Her hand's already diving for her hip, and you're already diving for her.

You sweep her legs out from beneath her. She goes down with an *oof*, flailing her sword at you. You slap the flat of her blade, batting it away and stomping your foot on it as you scramble to your feet. She tugs, and then abandons it for a new one. But you're already up with hammer swinging down at her.

She gets her sword up the barest sliver of a second before you pull the strike. Teeth bared, she shoves against you, and twists her entire body into a scissoring sweep with her legs. Your turn to go tumbling to the floor. Sayaka rolls aside, sword flicking out.

You flinch from the sharp steel menacing your face. She doesn't even come close, though, roll carrying her away. Too far away. She has room to maneuver, and that gives her the choice between going for a new power or for going after Kyouko. You hurl your hammer at her, an ungainly toss.

It's enough. Sayaka's forced to sidestep, and even if her hand's going to her hip, that's enough time for you to lurch to your feet and barrel into her. Your shoulder check misses. That's fine. All you need to do is pressure her. Keep her attention on you, keep her from switching powers. Keep her from attacking Kyouko.

Sayaka slashes at you. A step back buys you a heartbeat of space, time enough for you to draw a fresh hammer for a desperate parry. Her sword blurs, every blow powerful enough to bend your arms behind the block. You lurch backwards, every step a hazard since you can't spare a glance backwards and you can't use your Grief and-

Your feet hit roots, and your back hits a tree trunk. Sayaka grins bright and fierce as she slams another strike at you with both hands. The sound of your parry echoes off the trees. Creaking above you is Kyouko, leaping to the tree you're backed up against. Sayaka leans forward, pressing her advantage, and you strain to hold her back.

The pressure lessens- her hand. She reaches for the dangling ring of power gems, but that's a *mistake*, it's all you needed to push *off* and *forward* and knee her in the gut. The breath leaves her in an explosive gasp, and she stumbles backwards, sword sweeping up with electricity crackling along the blade and reflected in blue eyes.

You have a heartbeat to make a decision. Sayaka swings, lightning sizzling from her blade. Kyouko's trick. A half-turning strike embeds your hammer into the tree and you leap awa-

Too late, too slow. White fire sears a choked scream from your throat, and you land badly. Your leg spasms and nearly collapses under you, unable to support your weight.

"Sabrina!" Sayaka's eyes are wide with horror, the sword falling from slack fingers.

You force yourself to stay standing, magic flooding down your leg to reinforce it and suppress the pain.

"I'm fine," you bite out. You can *smell* your leg, faintly. "I'm- fine."

"Sabrina!" This time it's Yuma, bounding over the leafy undergrowth. She holds her scepter up high, bright emerald light flashing out to bathe your body in a warm, soothing sensation that washes away the dull ache of suppressed pain.

More rustling is Kyouko leaping down from the tree, boots crunching into the forest floor debris.

"That was *pathetic*," Kyouko snaps. "Both of you."

"Well *excuse* me for being a squishy caster," you say, rolling your eyes. "I'm fine, by the way. Thanks for asking. And thank you for the heal, Yuma."

"The fff-" Kyouko grimaces, swallowing the expletive. "What does *that* mean? Never mind. Thanks for making my point, anyway."

"What point?" Sayaka asks, scowling. "That I can *hurt* someone?"

"No," Kyouko snaps. "That you have trouble with more than one goal at a time."

Sayaka's scowl deepens.

"Like I said earlier - your power is to switch powers," Kyouko says, slipping a hand into the pocket of her costume and somehow pulling a perfectly intact cookie out. She bites into it with a crunch. "But you can't. You couldn't handle another goal on top of that, either. 'part from that first shot you took at me, you didn't even try."

"... Fine," Sayaka says, grudging acknowledgement in her features. "What am I supposed to do about that?"

"Of course, if you're fighting in a group, it'd be easier," you supply.

"Yeah, fighting in a group," Kyouko snorts. "And that happens all the time, because Witches and other magical girls fight *fair*. No, princess, y' gotta practice. You need to have those powers of yours instantly to hand."

"Right. No fighting fair," Sayaka says, expression setting hard.

"And one more thing I noticed," Kyouko says, polishing off the cookie. "You're very reactive in your fighting. 's not a bad thing, but it's not a good thing either. It's a thing."

"... Uh?" Sayaka says. "What do you mean?"

"I fight one way, 'brina there fights another," Kyouko says, shrugging. "You *react*. You fight like whoever you're fighting. The only time you fight like you're your own thing is when you're messing around with your powers."

"Well, like you said," Sayaka says, grimacing again. "My power is to be able to copy and use powers. Of course I fight best when I can use them."

"Uh huh," Kyouko says, glancing sidelong at you. "Remind me what she's here to learn again? Never mind, I already know." She matches scowl for scowl. "Y' want to learn to fight or no? You gotta know what you can do. You fight reactively? Sure, whatever. Not what *I'd* do, but whatever. You need to learn to fight well enough to be able to switch your powers."

"Hey, Kyouko," you say, raising a finger. "Uh, lemme clarify something for you? Sayaka can actually hold multiple powers at once for extended periods, it's just a drain on her Soul Gem."

"Which means you *don't* hold any powers normally, right?" Kyouko directs the question at Sayaka.

"Well... yeah," Sayaka concedes.

"There you go," Kyouko says with a snort.

You nod, sidling over to Yuma as Kyouko continues to dispense criticism and advice. "Was she like this when training you?"

"Nuh-uh," Yuma says, shaking her head. "She just taught Yuma how to fight properly!"

"Huh," you say, rubbing your chin. "Well then."

"Um... Is your leg OK?" Yuma blinks up at you.

"Yeah," you say, beaming at her. "Thanks for the heal, Yuma."

"And *begin*," Kyouko barks.

There's another sharp clang of metal, and they're sparring again. Sayaka's strike rings off Kyouko's spear before being forced back by a flurry of jabs. You watch, chatting quietly with Yuma. The fighting is much less... vicious now, a lot slower with Kyouko snapping admonishments at Sayaka every few exchanges.

You know, you can't help but muse on what Kyouko said. Sayaka's power is to *switch* powers, yes, and she can't if she's being pressed in melee. Doesn't that apply to Homura, too? You know that Homura needs to turn her shield to activate her timestop, and you remember with memories-that-aren't that she can be taken out with ambush, or with melee. You kind of wonder if it'd be worth it to get Homura to try improving her melee, too.

Then again, you have doubts about your ability to convince Homura to come along. She's like a *cat*, that girl. Hmm. You also have vague mental images of Homura as a catgirl, somehow. You're not sure why.

Eventually, they wind down. Sayaka's panting, leaning on her sword for support, whereas Kyouko looks fresh and completely unruffled. You're pretty sure that magic is involved there.

"... anyway, I think time's up," Kyouko says, propping her spear against her shoulder. "'brina, I think you owe me something."

"Yep," you say, checking your phone for the time. "Right, so... I've given Yuma the money. You've got the ring, yeah? It's twenty grams of pure gold, so..." You wrinkle your nose. "Should be a bit above ninety thousand yen in terms of raw gold value, but I don't know how you'd sell it off."

"Ninety thousand..." Sayaka's eyebrows go up.

"Right," Kyouko says. "And the other part of my payment?"

"Cleansing, yup," you say, smiling. "Soul Gems, Grief Seeds?"

Yuma beams, and pulls out the Grief Seed you can sense with her, holding her Soul Gem out with her other hand. Kyouko, on the other hand, just tips her head back so that you have a clearer line of sight to her Soul Gem.

A wave of your hand and a touch of will draws forth rippling clouds Grief. Not just from Kyouko and Yuma and the Grief Seed, but Sayaka and yourself, too. It's always good to stay clean, after all. You exhale, a clench of your fist imploding Grief into marbles.

"There," you murmur, smiling. "The Grief Seed is fresh, now - do remember to hang on to it."

"Yeah, yeah," Kyouko says, waving a dismissive hand. "Got it the first time."

"Are we headed back, Sabrina?" Sayaka asks, dismissing her sword.

"Yep," you confirm. "Uh, gimme a sec? And then I might need a word with Kyouko."

"Uh, sure," Sayaka agrees, plonking herself down on a convenient root with a sigh.

Dusky red eyes flicker over to you, quizzical and annoyed. "Yeah?"

"Telepathy," you say, grinning, and reach out for Mika. "*Hey, Miss Nakano?*"

"*Heya! Hope you're not expecting me to have gotten the plans or anything yet. 'asn't even been an hour... right, fine, just over an hour,*" Mika responds, amiably amused.

"*Nah, but are you free to talk to Kyouko right now? Sakura Kyouko,*" you say.

"*Oh, oh gosh, um, sure,*" Mika says. "*Sooner than I expected! Sure.*"

"*You sure?*" you ask skeptically.

"*Yeah, I'm sure,*" Mika responds. "*Put me through.*"

"*Alright, one moment,*" you say, and meet Kyouko's eyes. You beckon, picking your way between the trees. She follows, boots clomping through the undergrowth.

"What is it?" she asks, glaring at you.

"*Kyouko, I recently met a magical girl in Ishinomaki, Nakano Mika,*" you say, and wait a heartbeat for that to sink in. "*Yeah. She's related to the Nakano corporation, but she's *not* in the line of decisionmaking. She's willing to talk to you, do you want to talk to her?*"

You watch her expression freeze, setting hard.

"Fuck," she hisses under her breath. Yuma peers around the trees, peeking at her in worry. She pads over to throw her arms around Kyouko's waist in a hug. "*The fuck do you expect me to do?*"

"*I don't know what you want,*" you say, folding your arms. "*But she's friendly, and she's willing to talk. I don't know what she can do, either, but she's a closer link. Are you willing to talk to her?*"

Kyouko slams a fist against a tree, hissing out a breath. "*Fine. Put me through.*"

"*Alright,*" you say, checking her Soul Gem. She's fine there. Angrier than she is upset, you suspect. "*I'll put you through, and I'll leave you to it.*"

"Right," she grits out. "Later."

"Oh," Yuma says. "Um... see you later?"

"I'm just... putting Kyouko in touch with someone it would be helpful for her to know." You smile at Yuma, ruffling her hair gently as you reach out to connect Kyouko and Mika. "*Hey, Miss Nakano? Here's Kyouko. Sakura Kyouko, Nakano Mika, Mika Nakano, Sakura Kyouko. I'll leave you two to it.*"

You drop from the connection, smiling and nodding at Kyouko. You... you'd love to stay and listen in, and maybe moderate the conversation, but this is between them. You've been trying not to micromanage so much, so you'll let go. You can check in on Kyouko and Mika later, anyway.

"Right. See you later. Thank you for agreeing to the training, Kyouko," you say, waving. Yuma waves back as you head over to where Sayaka's waiting, Grief already sweeping in from the canopy to build a flight platform. "Good training?"

"Yeah," Sayaka mutters, flopping back on the Grief as soon as there's enough to flop *on*. "Ow. Kinda sore."

"I'm not surprised," you say, smirking at her. "Though as magical girls, I'm not absolutely sure we *have* to feel tired..."

Sayaka shrugs, relaxing and spreading out as you add more surface area to the platform. You snicker quietly, and you're airborne a few minutes later, Sayaka still sprawled out behind you.

"Sorry about the whole... lightning thing earlier, by the way," Sayaka says, sitting up.

"Don't worry about it," you say, shaking your head. "I was too slow, and hey, Yuma healed me right up."

"Still," Sayaka says, shaking her head. "I- agh, I should have copied her power. Next time."

"Damn," you say, snapping your fingers. "I thought of that, too, but I forgot to remind you. You'll have plenty of time for it, anyway, and hey. We're not gonna get into a big fight before Wednesday, anyway."

"Jinx," Sayaka says, lifting an arm to point at you.

You laugh, and let the conversation lapse as you soar back towards Mitakihara. Towards Mami. Towards your friends, and probably towards karaoke.

... can you even sing? You're not terribly sure.

You know *how* to sing, but you're not actually certain you *can* sing. You'll get to find out, though!

"Hey, Sabrina?" Sayaka murmurs quietly.

"Yep?" you ask, tilting your head back to glance at Sayaka.

"Was Kyouko right?" she asks.

"About?" you ask.

"She... I dunno," Sayaka says. "I know you said that fighting isn't everything, but... ugh. I made my Wish so I could stand *with* you, you know?"

\*\*Voting opens **Aug 31, 2017 at 6:00 AM
\[] What to say to Sayaka?
\[] Back at Mitakihara...
\- \[] How do you greet Mami?
\- \[] What do you tell them about the training session?
\- \[] Karaoke? Karaoke.
\[] What comes after?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Ah, insecurity. It's almost a running theme. Also, no, nothing will be on fire ~~yet~~ when you get back.
