# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 12

"You *are* standing with me, with us," you say, tilting your head to grin at her.

"Doesn't feel like it," Sayaka mutters.

You purse your lips, grin fading. "Look, clarify for me: what do you mean about Kyouko being right? Do you mean that she was right about you not being able to switch powers properly?"

Sayaka shrugs. "I... I suppose," she says. "It makes me feel like I'm... a burden, you know? I can't fight... I can't do *anything* without having someone there to babysit me."

"You've been a magical girl for less time than *I* have. Yeah, you need support. That's in no way a mark against you," you say, shaking your head. "And Mami and Homura, well... You're comparing yourself to some of the best magical girls on the planet. They're possibly among the best to have ever lived. And Sayaka?"

You wait for her to look at you before continuing. "It's only a matter of practice before you match up. Yes, I won't deny, you need practice and support *right now*. But that's because your power needs time to ramp up. You need the experience, and you need to gather powers and experiment. Once you do..."

A rueful shake of your hand. "Sayaka, with your Wish, I expect you to exceed me someday. Someday *soon*, really."

"Yeah, right," Sayaka says, shaking her head.

You shrug, glancing ahead to check that you aren't about to swerve into any buildings. "I mean... Just look at the powers you already have. Do you want to join the police force? At this point, if you picked up a teleport power, you could be anywhere in the world with a platoon of clones. You could *be* the police. All of them, all the time."

"That sounds stupid," Sayaka says, wrinkling her nose.

"I'm completely serious about it," you say. "I've told you before. I want to *help* magical girls everywhere. *Everywhere*. You have an idea of the kind of fighting that happens - don't you think that being able to intervene would be amazing?"

Sayaka's quiet.

"You don't have to do that if you don't want to, of course. Being a hero isn't just about fighting," you say. "Let me see. You have flight. Add in wind powers or water powers -and we know where we can get that- and you could probably control the weather. Hell, I'm sure there must be magical girls out there with weather control already. We'll get you those powers eventually. You want to stop a hurricane in its tracks, you want to save thousands of lives? You can do it. Magic is versatile and amazingly powerful. You've got capabilities that can only *grow*, Sayaka, and honestly, you're on the road to godhood. Or at the very least an angel, one of those scary types that have to say 'Fear not' when they show up."

Sayaka snorts, but there's an amused little quirk of her lips now. "You're overselling it."

"I mean it," you say, and chuckle. "Being able to control the weather would be enough to get you worshipped, even now."

"... Fine," Sayaka says, shaking her head.

You sigh, rubbing at your face. "I get where you're coming from," you say. "It seems... too far off in the future, yeah?"

"Just a bit," Sayaka says.

"I mean it, regardless," you say. "I mean... like I said, being a hero isn't just about fighting, no matter what stories and manga and anime might tell you. Being a magical girl isn't just about fighting. It's about people. With your powers, you can do disaster recovery, healing... whatever you want."

"I guess," Sayaka says half-heartedly. "It's just... hard to believe."

You tip your head back, looking contemplatively at the clouds scudding across the sky. "Actually, you know what? Kyouko was right - when you're *using* your powers is *exactly* when you're, mm, when you *shine*. Kyouko's training is making sure that you get that opportunity."

"You really think I can do it?" Sayaka asks, sitting up and drawing her knees to her chest.

"Depends on what 'it' is," you say.

Sayaka makes an annoyed sound. "Become... become someone who isn't a burden, I suppose."

"Nah," you say. "Can't become something you already are. You're no more a burden for needing training or help to realise your potential than for... I dunno, needing to go to school. It's pretty much the same thing. You need training and practice and experience, and there's no shame in lacking any of that."

Sayaka blows out a gusty breath. "OK, then," she says. "I'll... try and believe it."

You grin at her. "Well, you know, we're going on a Witch hunt later, right? You've got all your powers - why not show off a bit, cut loose. See what you can do by combining them, or something. And don't forget that idea you had earlier, trying to use Kazumi's power as a shortcut."

"Oh, yeah," Sayaka says, brightening a bit. "I forgot about that. Do you think it'll work?"

"No way to know until you try it," you say. "Also, for the record, I do absolutely trust you. You've impressed Mami, I know that much, and I also know that Kyouko's a hundred and ten percent tsundere."

Sayaka barks out a startled laugh. "Eeeh?"

You wink at her. "Ask Yuma sometime."

... You hope you haven't set Sayaka up to be murdered by Kyouko for that comment.

Eh. Yuma'll heal her.

"I'm being set up, aren't I?" Sayaka asks flatly.

"Speaking of set ups, that reminds me," you say. "All joking aside? I'm pretty sure this is the first time Kyouko's actually, y'know, had a job, part-time as it is. I'm almost certain she's being harder on you *because* of that."

"I guess," Sayaka agrees, wrapping her arms around her knees and looking away.

\*\*Voting opens **Jul 2, 2017 at 10:00 PM
- [ ] What do you say?
- [ ] Karaoke time!
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 200 words)

---

Have a half-update. Addresses some concerns, and applies amalgamated votes.
