# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 13

You huff quietly, looking thoughtfully out at the grey and brown smudges of the industrial district below you. This isn't working. You don't think anything you said is *untrue*. You *do* think Sayaka's going to scale to be someone very scary one day. But it's not *concrete* enough for Sayaka, not right now.

You take a brief moment to wonder how much of that Sayaka picked up, unconsciously, from Kyousuke. Kyousuke, who defines himself *entirely* by his music, and here, Sayaka, trying to define herself entirely by *her* work. But then, if Sayaka needs something *concrete* to focus on, something she can do *now*...

"How about I put it this way?" you say slowly, slowing the platform and turning to face Sayaka properly. "You are a *godsend*."

Sayaka's gaze flickers over to you. "Mm?"

"I mean, look, I don't like to think of people, of my *friends*, in terms of what they can do for me," you say. "But if you want to talk about being useful, or *not*, you already are. Even in Witch hunts and such, you're not exactly a slacker, but you *help*."

"What do you mean?" Sayaka asks.

"I kind of throw you at new magical girls I come across. I don't know if you've noticed, and to be honest, it's not really something I *mean* to do," you say. "It just... well, it fits you. And... OK, lemme back up and start explaining from the top because I've made a mess of this explanation."

"... sure?" Sayaka says, looking at you with some perplexity.

"*I* am friendly, but overbearing as hell," you say. "I know. I try not to do it, but well, it's a tendency I have to watch. Mami is Mami, and Mami is awesome, so she's good with new people, but she keeps new people at a remove. *You* are naturally friendly, and you just... set them at ease."

"I... guess?" Sayaka says.

"Yeah," you say, nodding. "And, look. I don't consciously do it, but when it comes to meeting new magical girls, you're basically the perfect person to set them at ease, to work them into things, yeah?"

"I suppose," Sayaka says. "I guess I can see that."

"I mean, I guess what I'm saying here is: your powers are amazing, they'll get *more* amazing, but they're not what makes *you* amazing," you say, shrugging. "But I dunno. If you want a concrete example right *now*, look at Kyouko."

"... Yeah?" Sayaka says, frowning.

"In broad strokes? I already told you about her financial issues, but she's also got Grief Seed supply issues. Hunting's getting pretty scarce in Kasamino," you say. "And I'm pretty sure you've noticed she doesn't want to accept help. She's got... mm, issues that aren't mine to elaborate on."

"And you wanna throw me at the problem?" Sayaka asks, frowning.

"No. I want you to be yourself," you say. "Pushing her too hard is a dead guaranteed way of pushing her *away*. Just... the lessons are good for you, and I'm hoping that you'll be her friend, too. I'm not... I don't think I'm the right person for the job."

"Just be myself," Sayaka echoes. "I... guess I can do that."

"Yeah, duh," you say, sticking your tongue out at Sayaka. "There's one person I'd nominate for the job of being Miki Sayaka, and that person is Miki Sayaka."

"Jerk," Sayaka says, picking at her pockets and finding a bit of lint to throw at you. "You're terrible."

"Well, maybe sometimes," you say. "Seriously, though. Miki Sayaka is a *good* person to be."

"Yeah, I guess," Sayaka says, blowing out a breath. "Thanks, Sabrina."

You grin at her, turning to face forward again and juking around a smokestack. "Anytime. Also, if you need... I dunno, a direction to take your powers in, maybe work on mastering the clones first? They're probably the greatest force multiplier you can bring to bear, and I wasn't really kidding about the Sayaka police thing. Or the angel thing, really. Mikiel has a nice ring to it, I reckon."

Sayaka hums quietly, falling silent again. You glance back at her, but she just looks contemplative now, rather than sulking. You'll take it. Instead, you take a moment to check in with Homura where they are - you'd check with Mami, but you'd also like to give her a pleasant surprise.

Sayaka breaks the silence again. "You..."

"Yes, Sayaka, I really do think you're not a burden," you say, smiling at her. "You're my friend. You're good, and you're going to be *great*. And I think you can do it."

"Thanks," she says, clear blue eyes cutting to yours. "But, uh...I guess I was thinking it, but... that wasn't what I wanted to say. Um, well. Different topic, but we're going back right now, so I won't get the chance to ask you later?"

"Oh?" you ask, quirking your eyebrow at her.

She licks her lips. "So, um, how did you confess to Mami?"

"Ah," you say, more as filler than anything. This would be about Kyousuke, wouldn't it? "Truthfully, I... I never did, not properly in words? I care about her, and I spent most of my time with her whenever I can. She brightens my life just by being her, and I try to do the same for her. I... well, I care about her. I've told her that, over and over, but I suppose I haven't *confessed*."

Sayaka snorts, eyeing you for a second longer. "You two are sickeningly sweet, and no help at all."

You purse your lips. "You wanna talk about it?"

"I... I'll think about it," Sayaka says.

"Alright," you say, clapping her on the shoulder. "Hugs?"

Sayaka snorts, grinning at you. "Hey, I'm your *ex* waifu, what would Mami think?"

She opens her arms anyway, and you give her a hug.

"You're pretty awesome," you say firmly. "Don't forget that."

The rest of the trip back you spend in a comfortable silence. You're headed for the park, where you find your friends sitting on benches next to a pond, feeding ducks.

You sneak up on Mami. Her bench is shared with Kazumi, Umika, and Kaoru, but that's fine. That's enough room for you to sneak up on her, covering her eyes from behind and pressing a gentle kiss to the top of her head.

"Hi," you breathe. "Guess who?"

"Sabrina," Mami breathes, melting back against you. You can feel the tightly corded tension in her body softening as you shift to hug her properly, arms around her waist. She leans her head against your collarbone, eyes sliding shut with a contented sigh.

"Oh my God, you two," Sayaka mutters, wandering past you to sit on the other bench, squeezing in beside Homura. Madoka beams at her, handing over a handful of breadcrumbs to toss into the pond.

"Hey, Mami," you whisper. "How are you?"

"Better now," she murmurs, eyes fluttering open to stare at you.

"Did you have fun?" you ask, addressing the question to Kazumi and her friends as much as you do Mami.

"It- it was good to catch up," Mami agrees.

"Yeah," Kazumi agrees, beaming at Mami, and then you. "How was your, er, your errand?"

"Good!" you say, tightening your arms around Mami. "Anyway, are we good for karaoke? Then we can do dinner, a Witch hunt, and uh... I guess we split up for the night after that?"

Hitomi looks up. "I am expected home for dinner," she says.

"Ah, me too," Madoka says.

"Hmm," you say, nestling your chin on Mami's shoulder. You have to kneel on the grass behind the bench to do that, but Mami is comfy. "Sayaka?"

"Uh... I think my parents want me home for dinner too," Sayaka says.

"Oh," you say, rubbing your nose. "Dang, that messes up the timetable."

"Not really," Sayaka says. "Um, we can do karaoke now, and then we split up for dinner? I can leave after dinner to meet up with you guys for a Witch Hunt, and then head over to Madoka's place with Homura for our homework study session?"

"Ah, that's a good idea, Sayaka!" Madoka says, beaming.

"Perhaps at my house instead for homework?" Hitomi volunteers, tossing the last handful of breadcrumbs for the ducks and dusting her hands off.

"Oh, I'd like that!" Madoka says.

Sayaka scratches her head, glancing at the Asunaro trio. "Eh... sorry about abandoning you so quickly, though..."

"No, no!" Kazumi says, flapping her hands in anxious denial. "We understand!"

"So I guess you'll be stuck with us for the rest of the night," you say. "Do you have anything to do tonight, after the hunting?"

"Um... I have some homework, but it's not immediately due," Mami admits, giving you a soft smile. "But you can help me with it, so it's alright."

"OK," you agree, returning the smile. "Now, onwards to karaoke!"

You slant a grin at Homura, who looks faintly terrified at the prospect. It's nothing really *noticeable* to anyone who doesn't know her, but it's there, written in the set of her eyes and her jaw. You think Madoka has noticed, though, judging from the way she sits, slanted just a little towards Homura. It'll be good for Homura to get out of her comfort zone and *live* a little, you think, but you don't want to push her too much.

You give Mami a quick smile and hug as you and your group of friends gather yourselves to start walking to start walking out of the park. Mami turns, giving you a curious look, and you incline your head just a hair in Homura's direction. She nods, taking your hand and following as you drift across the group.

"You alright?" you murmur to Homura, just out of earshot of Madoka. She's chatting with Sayaka, anyway. "You don't *have* to do this if you don't want to."

"I'm fine," Homura says, voice tight and controlled.

"I'd say to relax, but..." you shake your head, smiling. "No. Instead... I'll say thank you, Homura, for agreeing to come along. I know you didn't have to. But it makes me happy, that you're willing to try. Madoka too, I think."

Homura nods, a tiny dip of her head. You let it go, drifting back.

Mami bumps her shoulder against you, a warm smile on her lips, and you squeeze her hand lightly. There's a touch of strain around her eyes, but it's ebbing fast.

Kazumi drifts over to talk to you and Mami, while Kaoru wanders over to Sayaka to talk about sports - you hear brief snatches of conversation about the finer points of softball versus soccer, of all things. Misaki, on the other hand, has joined Hitomi in a conversation about classical literature.

Eventually, you make it to a karaoke parlour near the big downtown shopping center. Hitomi insists on paying for it. You pick up a big jar of lemonade to share with everyone, and you all pile into the karaoke room with soft, padded seats arranged in a U-shape around a central table, all facing a big, brightly lit screen.

You squeeze in beside Sayaka, Mami on your right, and Kazumi on *her* right. Madoka sits beside Sayaka, then Homura, then Hitomi.

Sayaka grins at everyone, holding up a mike in either hand. "Who's first?"

"Me!" Kazumi says, beckoning for the microphone.

"I'll take the other," Umika says, taking the other and brushing hair out of her eyes with a resigned look.

"Whoo!" Kazumi cheers, reaching for the tablet that controls the playthrough. "How do I *work* this thing... Aha. Yep. Umika, what shall we sing?"

"Uhhh," Umika says, peering over Kazumi's shoulder as she scrolls through the list. "Uhm. No."

"*Yes,*" Kazumi says, grinning, and taps the song firmly.

"Oh, no," Umika says, but raises her mike nevertheless as the [first](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUx4IPHOVDE) strums of electric guitar roar through the speakers.

Kazumi starts to sing. She's not... tone deaf, and she's enthusiastic, and she's definitely having fun. You'll allow that much.

Anything else... well, she's enthusiastic.

Kaoru, ignored prophet that she is, grins around the table as she watches everyone else. Still, she's the first to start clapping as the song winds to its end, grinning brightly at Kazumi. Umika flushes as you all join in the applause, and holds the mike out for anyone else to take.

"I'll go next," Hitomi volunteers. "Is there anything less, ah, energetic?"

"Yup!" Kazumi says, paging through the tablet. You're not sure why she's apparently been appointed song chooser, but you'll roll with it. "Got one!"

"Hmm," Hitomi says, eyeing the screen as the first strains of synthesizer filter in. "Is this another Vocaloid song?"

"Yup!" Kazumi says cheerfully. "I really like 'em! Mostly Niko's fault..."

Kaoru snorts. "No, it's *your* fault Niko likes Vocaloid songs."

"Nyeh," Kazumi says, sticking her tongue out at Kaoru, but quiets down as the song proper starts.

Hitomi's singing is... awkward. She's clearly had some training in it, but she's obviously unfamiliar with the song. She's enjoying it, though, swaying with the music.

"Again!" she demands as the song ends to applause from all of you.

And so you settle into it - her second round is much better with some familiarity under her belt, and Sayaka goes after her, grabbing the tablet from Kazumi and belting out some energetic pop song you don't really recognise. She's surprisingly good, and you grin at her as she finishes and Kaoru takes the next song. As promised, Kaoru *does* have an excellent voice.

"I'll take one," Mami says, holding her hand out for the tablet. She tabs through the lists quickly before finding what she's looking for. She flashes you a warm smile as the slow piano starts.

Your eyes go wide. You [recognise](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAYOg3nR1lo) the song, of course, slow and gentle as Mami *croons* the lyrics with her eyes half-lidded and warm. She doesn't look at you. She doesn't need to, swaying slowly.

\*\*Voting opens **Sep 5, 2017 at 10:02 AM
- [ ] Song for duet
- [ ] Confirm after-karaoke plans
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

OK, look. I know this feels a bit filler-ish, but I have *no* idea what works as a duet song, so I'm gonna say: Give me one, please. It doesn't have to be in Japanese, but I *would* prefer something from 2011.
