# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 15

... so you're a hypocrite, then.

You follow Mami into the kitchen, snorting to yourself in amusement. Mami turns curious eyes on you, and you shake your head.

"I'm a hypocrite," you say cheerfully. "Remember when *I* insisted on helping to cook despite being a guest here?"

"That's true!" Mami says, giving you a fond look. She taps you on the nose. "Bad Sabrina."

You laugh, tilting your head back so that you can brush a kiss against Mami's finger. She blushes bright red, eyes going warm and soft and adoring as she presses closer to you. You loop your arm around her waist and pull her close, beaming. "So, what shall we cook?"

Mami makes a squeaking, embarrassed noise, and shakes herself. "Umm, hm," she says, glancing at the clock. "We should try and hurry dinner so that we can meet up for the Witch hunt after this, so something simple."

"Omu rice?" you suggest. "I'd say pasta, but we already did Italian this afternoon."

"Ah, that's a good idea," Mami says. She's still grinning brightly at you, cheeks red. "We can make some croquettes to go with it! And some miso soup."

"Works for me!" you say, releasing Mami and rubbing your hands together. Omelette rice. "I'll get the eggs. Minced chicken?"

"Something more flavourful, I think. Pork?" Mami says, walking over to the rice cooker. "Vegetable croquettes?"

"Pork it is! We have cabbage and carrot and stuff," you say, pulling the refrigerator open and starting to unload ingredients onto the table.

Mami beams at you, filling the rice cooker with washed rice and reaching past you to grab a packet of pork mince. You toe the fridge shut with your foot, and pass her the sesame oil and soy sauce for seasoning.

You twirl past Mami to retrieve potatoes from the cupboard. You'll need to peel these, but you're in a bit of a rush, and totally not being lazy, so you flash Mami a smile as nudge the window open to pull some Grief in. "I'm going to... save us a bit of effort."

"That's cheating," Mami huffs, but she beams at you.

It only takes you a minute to shred the skin from the potatoes with a cloud of microscopically sharp blades. Magic is *such* bullshit, but it has its uses sometimes. Speaking of which, that gives you an idea - you can afford to show off a little. You set the potatoes to boil on the stove and give Mami a quick smile.

"Hey, girls?" you say, poking your head out of the kitchen door. "Are you girls OK if I do something with Grief? It'll, uh, it'll feel kind of like a Witch. Unfortunate side-effect, really."

"Uh?" Kazumi asks. She's sitting on the couch, watching some gameshow on television. Umika and Kaoru sit on either side of her, leaning against her shoulder. "Uh... I guess? Kaoru? Umika?"

"What do you mean, it'll feel like a Witch?" Umika asks.

"Just that," you say, rubbing your nose. "Um, well, Grief that we generate when using magic is the same stuff that makes up Witches and Witch Barriers. It's kind of why Grief Seeds can cleanse our Soul Gems, I think. Like calls to like. So I can manipulate regular Grief, but if I do anything *fancy* with it, it feels the same."

"Oh," Umika says. "Well... sure?"

"Kaoru?" you ask.

"I'm fine if everyone else is!" Kaoru says, raising an eyebrow at Kazumi, who grins back. "... and uh, if I don't have to *eat* it."

"No, no, not at all," you say, waving your hands placatingly. "You don't have to eat it."

"Then I'm fine!" Kaoru grins.

"Alright, thanks!" you say, and return to the kitchen.

Mami smiles at you as she whisks eggs in a bowl. "What do you have in mind, Sabrina?"

"Setting the table in *style*," you say, grinning at her as you add a pinch of salt to the boiling potatoes. "Watch the potatoes for me a bit?"

"Of course," Mami says warmly.

You give her a quick hug, and retreat to lean against the wall so you're out of the way. You're already drawing more Grief through the window, just enough to mould into a little knee-high blob. You've already done this before, of course, so you close your eyes and *focus* along familiar shapes.

When you open your eyes, the kitchen is starting to fill with deliciously savoury scents. Mami's browning the pork mince in a pan, and you're riding on Mami's shoulder. You beam at her, walking over to give her a hug from behind.

"Hi," Mami says, turning the heat down so that she can squirm around in your hug. "Um, I grabbed your chibi before you were done with it, is that alright?"

You giggle, and squirm about on her shoulder so you can pull one of her hair drills around you like a giant, flaxen scarf. "That's perfectly fine."

Mami relaxes into your hug, tucking her head against your shoulder. "We should continue cooking."

"Mmm," you say, tightening your hug. You hop off Mami's shoulder and onto the kitchen counter, striding across it and leaning over so you can root around the top drawer for cutlery. "Hug first."

"Hey, feet off the table!" Mami says, faking annoyance.

"Well, they're clean," you offer, grinning at her. "I'll set the table."

"Sounds good to me," Mami agrees with a warm smile.

You release her from your hug, and join her at the kitchen counter - the potatoes are about done, so you grab the potato masher and the colander. Mami nods thoughtfully, turning on the deep fryer to warm up. You send her a grateful grin, draining the potatoes and toddling out of the kitchen with fistfuls of cutlery in either hand.

You're met with three curious, wary gazes outside. Kazumi's eyes go very, very wide as she rises from the couch, walking purposefully over to you. She picks you up, holding you in front of her at arm's length.

"I'm... setting the table?" you say, waving the cutlery at her. You grin at Mami in the kitchen, and she giggles, still keeping an eye on the pan.

Kazumi nods, walking to the kitchen while still holding you. "Mami, Sabrina?" she says solemnly. "Bad news, I'm sorry, but I'm keeping this."

You can hear a muffled "Kazumi *no*," from the living room. Mami giggles.

"I need to set the table!" you protest, waving your stubby hands at her.

"Plus, uh, it'll kind of dissolve back into Grief if it leaves my control radius," you add, grinning over your shoulder at her as you start chopping up vegetables to mix into the mashed potatoes. "Sorry, Kazumi."

"Aw," she says, drooping and carefully setting you down. "But the chibi-you is so cute!"

"Actually, I was gonna suggest you could try copying it, and make a chibi-Kazumi," you say. "Mami can make one too!"

"I'm focusing on cooking right now," Mami protests. She pointedly does *not* look at Kazumi, who's making the biggest, most woebegone puppy-dog eyes at her.

"Maybe later?" you say, snickering as you mix the croquette mixture up nicely and start forming it into little patties. "Also, let me set the table?"

"Eh? Oh, yes!" Kazumi says, carrying you back out of the kitchen. She carefully sets you down at the table, and watches as you start laying out cutlery for dinner. "You can see through that thing?"

"Hey, 'that thing' is me," you call from the kitchen. You smirk up at Kazumi - even standing on the table, you have to tilt your head back quite a bit. "But yes, I can see and hear through this body."

"Cool," Kazumi says. "Umika, Kaoru, look!"

Kaoru's flopped over on the couch, head resting where Kazumi was sitting before and legs hanging over the side. "Yes, Kazumi, we see," she says, smiling. "Yes, Sabrina's chibi is very cute. Right, Umika?"

"Right!" Umika says, pushing the glasses up her nose.

You giggle as you finish up with the cutlery and hop off the table. "C'mon, don't you like the idea of having a chibi-Kazumi or two to cuddle? Kazumi, do you want to try copying this?"

"Yup!" Kazumi agrees, bouncing on her toes. She holds her hand out towards you, drifting sparkles of crimson light gathering under her open palm. "Scongiuro copione!"

You fold your arms as the light surges forth to engulf you, limning you in bright, glowing fire before fading. You hold still for it, and grin at Kazumi. "Well?"

Kazumi blinks, shaking her head like she'd gotten smacked between the eyes. "*Whoa*."

You raise your eyebrows at her. "OK there?"

"Yup!" Kazumi says, scrunching her eyebrows. "Your power is *weird*. I think I can make the chibi, though..."

She frowns, holding her hand out. "... hey, wait, did you name this?"

"*Not* an attack!" you say, raising a finger. In the kitchen, Mami elbows you in the side, and you grin playfully back at her. "So no, no name."

"Hmph," Kazumi says, but quiets down and frowns in concentration. A black blob appears in front of her, inflating rapidly like a balloon. With a sharp pop, colours bloom across the surface in ripples, *life* surging through the figure. "Whoa!"

The mini-Kazumi opens her eyes, staring up at Kazumi. "*Cool*," they say in unison. "Umika, pick me up!"

Kazumi's copy *isn't* Witchy, which you could have expected. She's not making her chibi the same way *you* are, after all.

"Oh dear," Umika murmurs, but obliges, leaning forward to scoop the mini-Kazumi off the floor and plop her down on her lap to cuddle. Kaoru pouts, but that vanishes when Kazumi flops down beside them.

"This is *so cool*," Kazumi says, heads turning every which way. "I can see through two sets of eyes?"

"Yup!" you confirm, grinning. "Anyway, I'm gonna get the plates. Have fun!"

Mami beams at you, bumping her shoulder against you. You grin back, starting to fry up the croquettes even as you toddle back into the kitchen. Mami hands you a stack of plates, leaning down to muss your hair.

... when you get back outside, you can't help but notice that there are *five* Kazumis now. Umika and Kaoru have two apiece, cuddled like teddy bears.

"This is a *fantastic* trick, Sabrina!" Kazumi says happily.

"I'm glad you enjoy it!" you say neutrally, hopping up to a chair, and then the table to set the plates out. You *better* not have unleashed a plague of Kazumis upon the world by accident. If you have, you're gonna go and give Oriko a good shaking for not *warning* you about it. In specific terms. 'A plague of Kazumis.'

It doesn't take too much longer before dinner's ready to serve. You do just that with the help of your extra body, Kazumi and her friends hurrying over eagerly to lend their hands.

A big pile of freshly deep-fried croquettes sits in the middle of the table, and everyone's seated with a serving of omelette-wrapped rice and a bowl of miso soup in front of them. You chorus out an "Itadakimasu," and dig in.

"It's delicious!" Kaoru squeals after the first bite.

"I can see why Kazumi always spoke fondly of your cooking, Mami," Umika says, leaning forward.

"Sabrina helped a lot!" Mami says, blushing.

"Nah, you did almost everything for the omu rice," you say, smiling warmly at her as you take a bite. "It *is* delicious."

"Thank you, Sabrina," Mami says. "Thank you, everyone."

"By the way, Mami, um... what happened with the coffee table?" Kazumi asks, pointing over her shoulder.

"Oh," you say, laughing. "Table-kun, uh, had an accident."

You tell them the story, glossing over the *whys* of Sayaka breaking the table, but the story of *mending* Table-kun gets starry eyes from Kazumi, and Umika tapping out notes on her phone.

Dinner winds past with light chatter, bantering back and forth about the day. Kazumi regales you with stories of the earlier days of the Pleiades Saints' earlier days, and the more embarrassing stories in their past. Eventually, though, dinner is finished, and this time, Kazumi, her friends, and the squad of mini Kazumis absolutely insist on cleaning up. This time, you give in, and retreat to the couch, Mami cuddled up against your side.

"Mmm," you hum quietly. "Mami? Do you mind if we did a bit of testing while they're washing up?"

"Hmm, Sabrina?" Mami asks, snuggling closer to you. You'd dismissed your chibi before dinner, her duty done.

"I wanna test the range extension again," you say, tucking your arm around her. "If you're willing?"

"Oh," Mami says, blushing. "Um, alright. Um..."

Without disentangling herself from your side, she holds her hand straight out, flipping it so that a wheel of ribbon extends from her hand, unspooling across the floor. It rolls *up* the wall, and out the window.

"Um, a hundred meters, right? Um... let's go to the end of the street, then..." Mami muses.

"Yeah," you say, wincing at a particularly loud clatter from the kitchen. "That should be more than far enough. Tell me when you're ready."

"We're OK!" Kazumi calls from the kitchen. "The plates are fine too!"

"Ready," Mami says, smiling and offering you the end of the ribbon.

"Alright," you say, covering her hand with yours. You cleanse her Soul Gem, drawing forth wisps of Grief to condense into a little marble. Enough for you to work with, and so you just... *push* your magic into Mami's ribbon.

"Oh-" Mami makes a strangled noise, stiffening in your arms. Your magic surges along the ribbon, flooding down the side of the building and streaking along the pavement, all the way down to end of the street.

"Are you OK, Mami?" you ask, concerned. "I can stop if you want."

"I- yeah, I'm alright, it's just-" Mami shakes her head, blushing. "It's very- hard to ignore. It's a sensation of *you*, just- crowding out everything."

"Ah... OK," you say, frowning. You'll make this quick, then - you send your Grief marble gliding along the ribbon, sailing out of the window. Mami kept her ribbon to patches of shadow beside the pavement to avoid notice, and you do the same.

The marble slides along the ribbon, making contact - and it reaches the end of the ribbon. *More* than a hundred meters away from you.

**Voting opens**Sep 13, 2017 at 12:00 PM

- [ ] How do you react?
- [ ] Witch hunt!
- [ ] Any particular points to hit?
- [ ] Vote in abeyance
- [ ] After the hunt
- [ ] Ask if you could join the homework session?
- [ ] Back home
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Witch Hunt
- [x] Ask Sayaka if she feels confident in her Clone Power to scout ahead. That should become standard practice, to be honest.
- [x] Play support and battlefield control. Pay attention to the Pleiades' styles.
- [x] Clear the Seed and give it to the Pleiades.

\=====​

Ugh, update got away from me - I'd meant to cover the Witch hunt this one, but the update just got longer and longer. Well, action *next* update, then!
