# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 17.5

What.

*What*.

Error 404, cannot brain this turn of events. Your face is probably doing something *extremely* complicated and definitionally non-Euclidean right now.

Your mind is *afire* trying to process this and you're pretty sure your jaw hit the floor somewhere. Mami's just as surprised as you are, her hand tightening convulsively. Her hand, with her *Soul Gem ring*. That's probably why she was looking - how she knew.

On the one hand it's convenient if she knows. Fantastic, even, it makes life so much easier for you, but what if she *didn't*? What if she's using it as a euphemism somehow? It wouldn't be *entirely* out of the question for it to be slang of some kind, you suppose. Especially given how often *you've* considered the correlation between gayness and magical girl-ness. Jokingly, but still.

That doesn't make *sense*. She knows, she *has* to know. You should- you should express your condolences. She... she *knew* a magical girl when she was a teenager? And that magical girl is probably *dead* by now, considering the mortality rate. Is she going to warn you off talking to Hitomi?

She's worried enough to pull you aside. It's a valid concern. She isn't angry, she doesn't *look* angry in that righteous, fiercely protective way you might expect of a parent. She just looks like... probably exactly what she is, a slightly tired, business-like parent asking after her daughter's friends.

Should you offer condolences? If she *knew* a magical girl, with the past tense and all it implies, then it might be good. But what if she *doesn't*?

You could... you could hedge your bets, try and offer something non-committal, but you might annoy her with your playing dumb. She *knows*.

She *knows*. *How* does she know?

Mami gathers herself to speak, straightening beside you and closing her mouth with a click - but before she does, Mrs Shizuki laughs.

"Oh, the looks on your faces," she says, shaking her head with a smile. "I suppose I should explain."

"T-that-" you start, and cough, clearing your throat. "That would be appreciated, Mrs Shizuki."

"I knew a magical girl when I was a teenager, as you might guess," Mrs Shizuki says. "We were classmates in middle school, and we met when... Well, really, I stumbled over her when she was sneaking away to fight a... Witch, I think they were called? It's been a long time. Tsuchiya Ritsuko was her name - she could conjure water."

She shrugs daintily. "I followed her, naturally - I didn't know *what* I was in for at the time. I received an enormous scolding from her when she spotted me, but she let me follow her on the hunt. We became friends from that point on," Mrs Shizuki continues. "Sadly, I had to move a year later, at the end of middle school, and we lost contact. And her... Kyuubey, I believe his name was, never deigned to reveal himself to me."

**Voting opens**Sep 20, 2017 at 4:00 AM

- [ ] Discuss
- [ ] Vote in abeyance
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Ask Homura to pull you, Mami, and Madoka into a private conversation as soon as it's convenient.
- [x] Whenever she does, bring up metabombing Sayaka and Hitomi. You'd rather not keep hiding things for long...
- [x] Homework session.
- [x] Help Mami with her homework.
- [x] Get Homura to help the others.
- [x] Ask Umika about her writing.
- [x] If Hitomi's parents aren't around, talk to Kazumi and suggest idea's about her 'grief' manipulation. (To be done out doors obviously)

---​

Have a short update to clarify some things.
