# "We Don't Go To Asunaro..." pt. 20

"Only a little?" you say, grinning. You gesture at your friends. "We're *magical girls*, we do more than just a *little* wonder."

"I don't know," Hitomi says thoughtfully. "Mama has a point. Just a little bit, not too much. What do you think, Madoka?"

"Umm..." Madoka ducks her head.

Mrs Shizuki laughs, amused. "By the way, Miss Sabrina, what is that other ring you have? The dark purple one?"

"Huh?" you glance down at your hand, and spot the Grief ring. You wiggle your fingers. "Oh. Oh! This is just something I made with my powers, I was testing something. I'd kind of forgotten I was wearing it, really."

"Ah, I see," Mrs Shizuki says with a nod. "I was wondering if it was some *other* aspect of being a magical girl."

Mami claims your hand, twining her fingers with yours, and you smile at her before returning your attention to Mrs Shizuki. "Only insofar as it's an aspect of my magic I wanted to test," you say. A thought strikes you. "Ah, if I may... what *does* your company do?"

"Finance!" Sayaka pipes up. "Right?"

"Indeed," Mrs Shizuki says. "We do finance and technology investment, for most part. It's why we came to Mitakihara, really."

"Ah, I see!" you say, tapping your chin thoughtfully.

"Why do you ask?" Mrs Shizuki says.

"Thinking of how magical girls can contribute," you say, grinning. You already have *ideas* - your particular brand of magic is particularly suited to *tech* applications. Truly *pure* silicon and instant prototyping fabrication is probably the *least* you can do. "Magic is magic, but money is money."

You consider showing off, but... you're all putting on your shoes, and it's literally on their doorstep. This isn't the time - perhaps when you're bringing Mr Shizuki in on the realities.

"Very true," Mrs Shizuki says, laughing. "Now, I won't keep you girls - Madoka, I'm sure your parents must be expecting you?"

As Madoka answers, you catch the look Sayaka's giving you. You wink back at Sayaka as you all exchange goodbyes, and head for the lift. Hitomi waves at you, a smile on her face.

"What was that about?" Sayaka asks as the lift door slides open, and you step in.

"Well, if we're gonna get an influx of meguca, we *are* going to need more funds than I have," you say. "The yakuza probably aren't a renewable source, after all. And besides, *we* as magical girls can probably do *ridiculous* things that nobody else can."

"It's always a good idea to invest in renewable resources," Mami says with a solemn nod. "I did a presentation on renewable energy last month!"

"Makes sense, I guess," Sayaka agrees. She sighs and locks her fingers behind her head, elbows stuck out. "God, I think I've been more responsible today than I have the entire week. I blame... hmm... I blame Homura."

"Hey, Homura did nothing wrong," you say, grinning.

"Chosen purely at random, I assure you," Sayaka snorts. The lift door dings open, and you all head out. Kazumi and her friends take the lead, chattering happily as they ogle the sights of Mitakihara City at night.

You can only hope to have a fraction of the simple wonder Kazumi brings to everything she does, irrepressibly optimistic and cheerful. You can see how the entire Asunaro group came to adore her, really. You can see how they sought to bring her back, too: the self-same devotion Homura has to Madoka, expressed... differently.

Speaking of Homura... She's quiet, trailing along beside Madoka. You squeeze Mami's hand and start drifting across the group to approach your friend. Mami sticks by your side, of course, a comfortable, familiar presence.

"Doing alright, Homura?" you ask, slanting your friend a smile.

Her eyes flick over to you, blank and... uncertain. "I suppose so."

"Oh?" you say, smiling encouragingly at her.

"I've..." she shakes her head, midnight black hair swaying. "I haven't gotten to do this in a long time."

You clap her gently on the shoulder. "You'll get to do it more."

"Today was good," Mami says, nodding in firm agreement.

"We should do more study sessions," you say. "Though speaking of studying, Homura - I was thinking, we should try an enchantment study session sometime!"

"Enchantment study?" Sayaka perks up, leaning behind Madoka to glance at you. "Ooh, I want to learn that trick Mami used to make the bat."

"I'd be happy to teach that," Mami agrees with a smile. "It might be fun, if we could get everyone together for it!"

"The problem is *when*," you say. "I mean, you have school. I was going to suggest timestop, but..."

"Eugh," Sayaka says, shuddering theatrically. "Nah."

"Weekends, maybe?" Mami suggests. "Or... mm, Tuesdays and Thursdays, after school?"

"Oh, that could work!" you say. "Sayaka, Homura? What do you think?"

Sayaka makes a mournful face. "My free time... If I'd known how much *time* being a magical girl takes up..."

"I'm willing to participate," Homura murmurs. A tiny frown creases her eyebrows. "The Shiogama girls are coming tomorrow."

"Yeah, good point," you agree. "We can pencil it in for Tuesdays and Thursdays in general, and adjust tomorrow as necessary?"

"Sounds good!" Sayaka says.

Mami beams, squeezing your hand. "Then it's settled."

Homura nods, and falls silent. Pensive. Madoka seems to notice that all but immediately, giving Homura a questioning look. You can't help but notice the way Homura softens, ever so very slightly, and she nods.

You smile faintly to yourself, taking a step forward to join Kazumi and her friends. Mami follows, of course, and you strike up an easy conversation with them. Behind you, you can hear Sayaka chatting with Madoka.

"*Miss Sabrina?*" It takes you a second to identify the voice - Inoue Yuuki, the technomage from Ishinomaki.

"*Miss Inoue?*" you respond. "*Hi, what's up?*"

"*Just letting you know that your ID has been fabricated,*" Yuuki says. "*I'll need an address to have it sent to?*"

"*Oh wow, that was fast,*" you say, blinking in surprise. "*I'm impressed!*"

"*Thank you,*" Yuuki says. You can practically hear her preening. "*Your address?*"

"*Uhh,*" you say, and rattle off Mami's address.

"*Cool. Expect government mail within three to four days,*" Yuuki says. "*Have fun!*"

"*Thanks!*" you say. Mami gives you a questioning look as you end the call, and you smile at her. "My ID's done. It'll be mailed to me, apparently."

"You don't have ID?" Umika asks curiously as you stop at a traffic light.

"Nope," you say. "I woke up in an alleyway with memory loss. Then Madoka and Sayaka found me, followed by Homura and Mami. One thing led to another, and here we are - though I still don't have any memory of what might have happened *before*. Light just turned green, by the way."

"That's terrible!" Umika says, eyes going wide. She does start crossing the road, though. "You don't remember anything at all?"

"No," you admit. You're not entirely sure you *have* a before, but that's not exactly something for easy conversation. Not that the current topic is, but there's no need to weigh it down even more.

Umika makes a thoughtful noise, frowning. "You know, I could try and jog your memory," she volunteers. "I've got some mind tricks. Only if you want!"

You manage to suppress your flinch. Having her root around your mind is *not* the most pleasant thought. "I'll keep it in mind," you say diplomatically. "I've got some leads I want to chase down first, though."

"Ah, that makes sense," Umika says, nodding. "Let me know if you want my help!"

"Will do," you agree. You weren't lying, either. It's an idea that *just* occurred to you, but it still counts: you hadn't woken up naked, after all. You'd been wearing clothes, and those clothes had pockets which, presumably, had contents... Which have to be around somewhere. You'll check later.

You amble on, letting Sayaka and Madoka and Homura take the lead now - they know where they're going better than you do, after all. And you reach it before too long, Sayaka stopping.

"This is where I split off!" she declares, waving down the street at a rather upscale apartment building. "Madoka, you're taking the bus from there, right?"

"I am!" Madoka says, nodding. 'There', it would seem, is the bus stop down the street in the same direction.

"Cool," Sayaka says. "Then... see you all!"

You grin at her, and open your arms. "Goodnight hug?"

"Eh?" Sayaka says, frowning at you in bafflement. Her arms rise a little, probably out of instinct - and that's her mistake.

You pounce, sweeping her into a hug, looping an arm around Madoka for good measure. Mami's only a second slower, wrapping her arms around you from behind.

"Group hug!" Kazumi declares, and you can feel another arm go around you - and then more, as Umika and Kaoru join in.

You grin at Homura, standing off to the side. "C'mon, Homura. Group hug!"

Madoka manages to wiggle free just enough to give Homura a pleading look.

Homura sighs, walking closer, but she hesitates, stopping short of the hug pile. Instead, she hesitantly reaches forward, fingers brushing against Madoka's arm - and she stops.

Ah.

Well.

You squirm free, the hugpile separating a moment later. You beam at Homura - that wasn't a hug, but it was something. She tried; she didn't run away.

"Well," you say, brushing over the awkwardness. "I guess this is goodnight, then. Homura, you're going with Madoka?"

Homura nods.

"Alright," Sayaka says, eyes lingering on Homura for a second. "So, yeah. Goodnight!"

One last wave, and she's headed off down the street. You exchange your goodbyes, and Madoka and Homura follow, headed for the bus stop.

You turn, and smile at the remaining group. "Well, my fellow truants," you say. "Shall we head home?"

"Excuse me," Kazumi says, in a manner you'd call diffident if it weren't for the impish grin on her face. "The Mami *I* knew wasn't a truant."

"Are you implying I'm a bad influence on her?" you say, faking outrage as you grab Mami's hand possessively.

"Maybe\~" Kazumi says, still grinning.

"Sabrina is a *good* influence on me," Mami says, squeezing your hand lightly.

"That's what someone would say if they were under a bad influence\~!" Kaoru says.

Mami pouts.

You laugh, giving Mami a fond smile as you start to head home. The conversation is easy and teasing and comfortable, Mami all but radiantly happy. You get home soon enough, and flop over on the couch, insisting that the Asunaro girls shower first. They're your guests, after all.

You're a happy, relaxed puddled on the sofa, Mami cuddled up against your side. Umika and Kazumi are both freshly showered, leaning against each other and dozing on the other sofa as they wait for their hair to dry. "Say, Mami?"

"Mm?" she asks without opening her eyes.

"How does your magic work, anyway?" you ask. "It's... connections, right?"

"Mmm," she agrees.

"Can you see connections between people?" you ask.

"Not really," she says, snuggling closer into your side. "But I have a good *feel* for them, I guess. It's good for enchantment, too."

"Oh?" you prompt.

"I didn't really realise it at first," she says. "So I learned enchantment the hard way, but I realised that I could project my magic and... connect it in more easily."

"Huh," you say. "You mean you use it to anchor your enchantments?"

"No," Mami says, frowning without opening her eyes. She looks absolutely *adorable* like that, and you can't resist the urge to smooth your palm gently over her forehead. "Mmmnm. I... connect the concepts together. Does that make sense?"

"Kind of," you agree. You're about to continue when the bathroom door swings open and Kaoru emerges, damp and towelling her hair.

"Who's next?" she calls.

You smile at Mami, cupping her cheek. "Mami?"

She pouts, but opens her eyes to meet yours. "My turn?"

"Your turn," you confirm, smiling at her.

"Alright," she sighs, sitting up slowly and stretching before getting up and heading for the shower.

You take the opportunity to put that idea you had to work - you hop to your feet, murmuring apologies to the pile of Asunaro girls on the sofa, and hunt down that set of clothes you'd been wearing on the first day. You find it folded neatly, tucked away in the cupboard by Mami when you'd last done the laundry.

You shake it out, checking through all the pockets... but there's nothing. Not even lint. You resolve to ask Mami when she comes out of the shower - and you do just that when she emerges. But not before sweeping her up into a big hug, of course.

Eventually, you've taken *your* shower, and you're all headed for bed. You ask Mami, of course, but it turns out there's nothing. Not even an empty wallet or anything. You wave goodnight to the Asunaro girls, and they all head into the guest room, giggling and happy. *No* objections to the rather cramped quarters, it seems.

Not like *you're* complaining about the bed you share with Mami, either. It's not exactly roomy, but it *is* cosy, Mami burrowing into your arms with a happy sigh. Golden eyes blink up at you, warm and pleased and shining under the scant light shining in through the windows.

"Goodnight, Mami," you whisper.

"Goodnight, Sabrina," she murmurs back, smiling. She lets her eyes drift closed, nuzzling a little closer against you.

You close your eyes, and let sleep take you.

\=====​

You're awoken by banging at the door. Your eyes fly open, and you bolt upright on your bed, Mami making a startled noise.

"Sabrina? Mami?" Kazumi calls through the door.

"What is it?" you scramble out of bed, yanking the door open to a dishevelled, panicked looking Kazumi. Umika and Kaoru are just behind her, neither of them in any better state.

"Um- sorry to disturb you but apparently Niko was attacked," Kazumi babbles. "Uh, her lab was broken into, someone stole her things-"

\*\*Voting opens **Oct 1, 2017 at 12:00 PM
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 200 words)

---

Uh oh.
