# Highway 17 pt. 3

You grin at Homura. It's...

You're not sure if it's actually progress, to be fair. Homura probably does feel safer with Oriko out of the city, and that's probably the biggest reason that she even considered it. You can't blame her, really, even if you can pick holes in her logic: but a trauma of Oriko killing Madoka just when she'd thought all was lost?

You can understand why Homura would be happy to have Oriko out of Mitakihara, even if only for a short time.

Her eyes are still fixed on you, expectant.

"I... Yeah," you say. "I will. Thank you, Homura."

Her eyes flick away, hand rising to her hair with fingers outstretched to hook through the rippling, lustro-

You avert your eyes in time, but you do catch the quiet, "Don't thank me."

"No, I mean it," you say. You're not *completely* happy to not have Homura come along. You'd considered doing it all in timestop, but...

Homura doesn't *like* people she doesn't trust in timestop. It's her private world, her final retreat, and you can't exactly begrudge her that. She's willing to lend you its use, and you're definitely grateful for that trust. Still, you can't deny she was practically climbing the walls that time with Oriko and Kirika. You can imagine she might be a bit easier on people who *haven't* stomped on her personal traumas, but...

If she says she'd rather stay -and you *did* ask- then she'd rather stay. You've resolved to respect the wishes of your friends, so here you are.

Mami squeezes your hand slightly. "We'll trust you to hold Mitakihara while we're gone, Homura," she says, with a firm nod.

"Speaking of, uh, we do have the Shiogama girls due to arrive tomorrow," you note, smiling at Mami. "Nadia said something about 10AM, so... if we're still in Asunaro, you might have to receive them, Homura. Um..."

"I can handle it," Homura says, nodding.

"Maybe get Madoka's or Hitomi's help, if necessary," you say. "Help us apologise, yeah?"

Homura nods again.

"Maybe I *should* stay back to help there..." Sayaka says, snickering. "Homura, no offense, but you don't really do the people thing, do you?"

"I can do it." Homura shrugs.

"If you want to stay back, Sayaka, you can," you note. "I don't- look, I didn't want to drag you out of bed in the middle of the night and throw you into all this *this*ness, but..."

"Are you kidding?" Sayaka says with a bright grin. "I'm- no one's hurt yet, right?"

"Niko was knocked out, but apart from that, not really?" you say.

"Good!" Sayaka says. "I'm kind of *excited*. Go out, kick the bad guy's asses along with everyone."

You bite back a groan. Still recklessly enthusiastic... and Asunaro has enough *bullshit* that you'll be keeping an eye on her. Right. Something to keep track of.

"OK, OK," you say, pressing a hand to your forehead. "I was gonna ask if you're sure, because there's no shame in backing down, but right. And you're sure you can work with Oriko and Kirika?"

Sayaka's lips twist into a slight scowl. "I can work with them," she says.

"You sure?" you say, holding her eyes and leaning forward. "There's a lot of bullshit that could happen, here, and we need to be able to work together. I'm not going to ask you to forgive them, I suppose, but we'll all be fighting together."

"I'm sure," Sayaka says with a huff.

"Alright. I'll hold you to it, then," you say. "I... OK, Homura, can I impose on your timestop a little more? I wanna just talk out what I think I know, and then... you could bring Sayaka to the rooftop, so we can hide timestop from the Pleiades?"

"That's fine," Homura says with a nod. She sits back on the sofa.

"Alright, then," you say, clasping your hands as you assemble your thoughts. "Right. So. I... know things, right?"

"Sometimes," Mami says with a teasing smile.

You shoot her a betrayed look. She giggles, and cuddles closer.

"OK, so, *interruptions aside*, Sayaka, here's what you need to know," you say. "Well, prefacing this with the fact that my knowledge about Asunaro can and *has* proven unreliable, and a disclaimer that this doesn't go beyond the bounds of Homura's timestop and the four of us, yeah?"

Sayaka nods impatiently. "Yeah?"

"Right. So, we have three potential possible enemies," you say. "Kanna Hijiri, the Soujos, and Yuuri..." You go over the basics of what you know, their powers and their motivations. Which, ultimately...

"That's stupid," Sayaka says.

"Right you are!" you say, pointing a finger at her. "It is! On the other hand, my knowledge *has* proven unreliable about them, and I don't know why."

"If Kanna Niko was attacked, does she know who attacked her?" Homura asks. "The magic used?"

"She said that she didn't notice anything," Mami says, frowning. "Intangible and contactless, in her words."

"And her lab was ransacked," you add. "So I *presume* any obvious traces would have been covered up... at least I hope they have, and she didn't just forget to mention it or something."

"Intangible and contactless..." Sayaka frowns. "That doesn't really seem to fit any of the powers except Hijiri?"

"Who happens to be the one with the prime motive to attack Niko," you agree.

"It's a fit because her powers are so *nebulous*," Mami says with a frown.

"Asuka Yuuri has medicine related powers," Homura says, a touch of edge underlying her usual flat monotone. "Depending on the specifics, she could have shut down Niko's body at a distance."

"Or fill the air with some kind of gas or drug," Mami says, tapping her chin.

"But the original Yuuri has no reason to attack the Pleiades," you say. "And strictly speaking, Hijiri shouldn't have her motive *now*."

"Barring enemy action?" Sayaka says.

"Yep," you say. "Same goes for the Soujos."

"Or someone *new*," Mami concludes with a nod.

"Or that," you agree.

"How likely is *that*?" Sayaka asks.

"I have *no* idea," you admit. Conversation lapses with that cheerful thought, leaving you all alone with thoughts and the yawning silence. You take the opportunity to cuddle Mami, which she definitely seems to appreciate, her hand sliding up your back to toy with a few strands of your hair.

"I suppose that's it, then?" Sayaka asks.

"Yeah, if you're feeling ready," you say. "Homura-"

"Roof," your friend says, nodding sharply and standing.

Sayaka bounces to her feet, stretching. "Hell yeah."

"Mami?" you prompt, smiling.

"I'm with you," she says simply.

"Then..." you say, gesturing at the ribbon. Mami smiles, rolling her wris-

\-t. Sayaka isn't there any more, the distant noise of Mitakihara rolling over you. The city doesn't sleep, even this late at night, or perhaps this early in the morning. Mami's a warm, comforting presence at your side, and you revel in it for a moment before standing.

"Kazumi?" you call. "Umika, Kaoru?"

"We're here!" Kazumi says, scrambling out of the guest room with a backpack looped over one shoulder. Even now, with tension humming in your veins, you can't help the detached observation that she hadn't come in with that bag.

Heh.

"Alright," you say, nodding at Kazumi. "We're going now - Sayaka's gonna meet us on the roof, and, mm... provided they're in, I'll be picking up two more allies."

"Right, let's get *going,*" Kaoru says, clenching her fists.

"Yep," you say, and lead the way out of the apartment. Mami swings by the kitchen to snag some simple breakfast for everyone, and locks the door behind you as you head up for the roof. Your mind reaches out ahead of you as you scale the steps two at a time, an effort of will gathering Grief in sweeping whirls that whip across the roof to melt into a rather *larger* Mobile Oppression Fortress than you usually build. You can't help the little snicker at the way Sayaka jumps at the motion.

"*Oriko, Kirika?*" Another part of your mind stretches across the distance.

"*... Sabrina?*" Kirika responds after a moment.

"*Hey, Kirika,*" you say. "*Is Oriko there? Also, why are you awake?*"

"*Shitposting waits for no one,*" Kirika says. "*Oriko's asleep. Why are *you* awake?*"

"*Got a crisis on our hands,*" you say. "*How do you feel about a trip out of the city? You, Oriko, Mami, Sayaka, and some friends from out of town?*"

"*Now?*" Kirika says.

"*Crisis,*" you reiterate. "*Can you wake Oriko?*"

"*Uhh, one sec,*" Kirika says.

By the time Oriko responds, you've already hit the roof, waving at Sayaka. The bleunette looks entirely too alert, in that bright, sharp-edged way.

"*Good morning, Sabrina,*" Oriko says, mental voice slurred by sleep. "*I understand we have a crisis?*"

"*Asunaro,*" you say succinctly. "Before *your visions, apparently. I visited, and I left them a Clear Seed. Niko's lab has been broken into and the Seed stolen.*"

There's a long pause, during which time you toss Sayaka a can of coffee and mount your flying disc. Chairs and tables rise out of the substrate, enough for all of you, and enough room for you and Mami to start assembling sandwiches as you lift off.

"*I see,*" Oriko says finally. She probably does, too.

"*We're going over right now,*" you say. "*Would you like to come along? You and Kirika?*"

"*My powers are gone,*" Oriko points out.

"*I know,*" you say. "*I- honestly? You *know* the kind of bullshit we might be facing, but between myself, Mami, Sayaka, and *all* of the Pleiades, we probably have enough firepower to level the city. I'm inviting you because you've got to be going stir crazy, locked up in there.*"

"*And besides!*" Kirika chirps. "*You *do* remember that your powers aren't everything, don't you, Oriko?*"

"*Yes, dear,*" Oriko says. "*I remember, but this *is* a combat scenario.*"

"*I'll protect you!*" Kirika says. "*'sides, you've still got your balls, right?*"

"*Phrasing,*" Oriko says. "*I do indeed still have them available. I'm not defenseless, but I bring less to the table.*"

"*Oriko,*" Kirika says. You recognise that tone, and you lean back in your seat as you snack on a sandwich, watching the early morning traffic surge through the streets far beneath you. "*Sabrina's trying to do something *nice* for you.*"

Oriko sighs. You know defeat when you hear it - though you're pretty sure Oriko wanted to be talked into it, in any case. She can't enjoy being trapped in the house, either. "*Very well. I assume you're on your way over?*"

"*Almost there,*" you say. "*We've got breakfast, too! Simple stuff, but hey, we were in a rush. Bring a thermos of tea?*"

"*Can do!*" Kirika says, and you can hear the excitement in her voice.

You're already descending towards the Kure mansion as you turn to the Asunaro girls, spinning yours and Mami's chairs around. "So I'll go over this quickly, and in brief - Oriko and Kirika were... mm, criminals, shall we say. They're not bad people. Oriko's power is precognition, and she saw a future that *none* of us wants to come to pass."

"Precognition?" Umika asks, eyebrows going up above the line of her glasses. "That's..."

"Unheard of, yes," you say, smiling in amusement. "It drove her to do things that were unacceptable." Your smile fades, and you dart a look at Sayaka. Her face is set, determinedly but only partially succeeding in suppressing her anger. "We fought. Mami, Homura, and I won, and they've been under house arrest ever since."

"But you're bringing them along?" Kaoru asks.

"Yes," you say. "They're not bad people. Oriko was misguided, yes, absolutely. She did some awful things, yes, absolutely. But I believe in them. I believe they want to do better, so... I suppose what I'm saying is that I vouch for them."

"Then that's fine. We believe you, Sabrina!" Kazumi says, nodding. "They live here?"

'Here' is the Mikuni mansion. You're landing in the backyard, and you can feel Oriko and Kirika heading out already.

"Yup," you say. "And that's them."

"Hey!" Kirika says, waving enthusiastically as she pulls the glass door open. Oriko follows with considerably more dignity than Kirika, who bounds up to your Grief platform and offers Oriko a hand.

The seer accepts it with quiet dignity, the smooth nub that is the stump of her other wrist held loosely by her side.

\*\*Voting opens **Oct 12, 2017 at 12:00 PM
- [ ] Head to Asunaro
  - [ ] Heal Oriko fully on the way
  - [ ] Discuss plans
    - [ ] In detail?
- [ ] What do you do on arrival?
  - [ ] Investigate Niko's lab
  - [ ] Ask Niko...
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 200 words)

---

Here we go.
