# Highway 17 pt. 6

"Uhh," you say, leaning against Mami. She bumps her shoulder against you, content despite the corded tension humming in her muscles. "Two things. First, Niko, where do *you* have in mind? And second, how far is the industrial district from here? I was thinking we should have the fliers to spread out and search the furthest regions?"

"Ooh, good thinking," Kazumi says with a nod. "OK, in that case... Uh."

"If you and Sayaka both copy my flying platform, that makes both of you two fliers as well," you point out with a grin.

"Ah!" Kazumi brightens. "And there's Saki, of course, and Niko."

Saki pushes her glasses-monocle up her nose. "Granted, but I can only bring myself."

You purse your lips. Saki has some variety of lightning power, as you recall. Perhaps some kind of ride-the-lightning.

"We do need to stick together, so use that in emergencies," Kazumi says, nodding thoughtfully.

"To answer your question, Sabrina, the industrial district is a reasonable area to hide," she says. "There are plenty of less patrolled areas there. The western side of the city, too."

"OK," Kazumi says. "Sabrina and Mami, you'll head northwest to the industrial district and sweep west? Mirai and Niko, you'll fly out to check on Kanna. Saki, Sayaka, you'll go out north to the ports district, to sweep east?"

You glance at Mami, and she nods at you, so you return your attention to Kazumi with a sharp nod. "Fine by us."

"Uh, I'm OK with it?" Sayaka says.

"Oriko, Kirika, where would you like to search?" you ask.

"We do not have any especial facility for flying," Oriko says calmly. "Can we have a region nearby?"

"We could always taxi you out, if we're copying Sabrina's flying platform!" Kazumi proposes.

"That said, there are quite a few shopping districts here that might be worth checking, if our thief decided to hide in the crowds," Saki notes.

"Ooh," Kirika says, immediately turning the biggest, most innocent puppy-dog eyes on Oriko.

"We're here to search for a potentially dangerous intruder, dear," Oriko says.

"I know!" Kirika says, maintaining the look.

Oriko's resistance crumbles, and she raises an eyebrow at Kazumi. "Then by your leave?"

"Works for me!" Kazumi says.

"Make sure you're actually searching," Sayaka growls. You regard her for a second, considering her... relative calm. It's not like you haven't noticed the anger simmering in the looks she sends Oriko, but she's been keeping *quiet* about it, too.

Mostly.

"Uh," Kazumi says. "Is that everyone? No, wait. Kaoru and I will check the CBD, uh... Satomi, Umika, you head south-east. Lots of parks there."

Umika nods sharply in acknowledgement.

"Any last concerns?" Kazumi asks, looking around at her group, and then to your friends.

Nobody has anything to raise, so it falls to you to add just one last point. "Yeah, uh, just in case - Sayaka, Kazumi, you could copy this privacy device?" you say, gesturing at the little circlet on its pedestal. "It could be useful if any planning needs to be kept secret."

"Umm, sure," Kazumi says, beckoning for it. You toss it lightly to her, the world around you hazing and warping like a distorted lens rolling across the room as the focus of your interdiction field shifts. Kazumi catches it and squints, making a face at the greasy sensation of *Witch* right in her face, but copies it and slides it across to Sayaka.

"I *think* it can be used as a last ditch defense against mind effects too," you note as Sayaka pulls up her copy of Kazumi's powers and copies the device. Heh, recursive copying. "It's supposed to stop *everything*, after all."

"We can still see outside, though," Niko points out.

"It's magic, I ain't gotta explain shit?" you hazard, holding your hands out, palm up as you shrug.

Kirika and *Umika* of all people are attacked by an abrupt onset of severe giggles.

"... yeah, makes enough sense," Niko concedes, hopping to her feet and pulling Mirai up with her. "Let's *go*. We've got a thief to hunt down."

You drop the interdiction barrier, letting the device melt away into Grief as you stand and stretch. "*Ah, yeah,*" you say. "*Three things. First, let's stay in touch by telepathy. If something happens, like mind-affecting magic or the stolen device, we'd be able to catch it quickly. Second, let me cleanse everyone's Soul Gem?*"

"*Good thinking, Sabrina!*" Kazumi says, flashing you a thumbs up.

You're presented with a dazzling array of Soul Gems, and you put a little theatrical flair into it: a grand gesture with your arm as you strip away the Grief.

"*Oh, right, third thing - uh, we should probably regroup, if we do find the thief?*" you say. "*I mean, it's one person, sure, but it's better to have everyone together if we need to fight, and I'd like to try talking to them before we do.*"

"*Sure, Sabrina,*" Kazumi says. "*Got it, everyone?*"

It occurs to you that you didn't mention the Soujos. That's fine, really - them showing up is a long shot. They *shouldn't* show up, save by chance, because that's how they happened to be passing through Asunaro that once upon a never. Happenstance that you'd be... hard-pressed to credit if they showed up *now*.

If they did, well. You can think of one particular entity who might be interested in directing them at you.

Well, two, maybe, but Nadia would surely warn you first if she did that. She seems nice, anyway. She wouldn't do that.

Mami stretches too before clapping her hands together, smiling. "Let's go, then."

Mami's clap seems to have galvanized everyone into action, moving with purpose. Quiet chatter, as each search party discusses specifics, and you have to raise your voice as you watch Sayaka march across the circle to Saki, sticking her hand out. Saki blinks, once more pushing her half-glasses-monocle up, and shakes Sayaka's hand.

"Uh, Sayaka, Saki, Kazumi, Kaoru - rooftop?" you say. "Since you'll want to copy the flying platform, right?"

"Yup!" Sayaka says, grinning at you.

"Hey, protection first!" Umika says, conjuring her book and waving it meaningfully. "One at a time."

The Pleiades all form a queue in front of her. Mami tugs you over, so you just... join in the back, Sayaka and Oriko and Kirika falling in behind you - enough people that the line actually has to bend around one of the many shelves littered all over Niko's lab. Umika scribbles in her book, tapping two glowing fingers to everyone's forehead as they shuffle up to the front of the queue.

You nudge Sayaka. "Power copying?"

"Ah, yeah!" Kazumi says. Seems like she overheard. "Everyone, Miss Miki's a power copier, let her copy your magic too?"

"I probably won't use them for this fight," Sayaka says, looking startled before rallying and raising her voice to address everyone. "Ah... I gain copies of your powers, but I won't have any expertise with them. But I would be grateful."

"Ooh, sure," Satomi says, turning in the queue and leaning around you to peer at Sayaka. "I can, uh. Talk to animals. You can probably use that to help search. Be careful of squirrels, though, they're ornery."

"... noted?" Sayaka says, sounding quizzical.

"Uh..." Mirai says, tugging on her lip. "What... what happens to my bears if you copy my magic?"

"Uhmm. I have *no* idea," Sayaka admits. "Those are all your bears upstairs, right?"

"Yeah," Mirai says. "I can summon new ones, but those are *mine*."

Sayaka shrugs helplessly. It takes a bit of shuffling around, but eventually Umika slaps the mind-protection on all of you, and Sayaka gets her copy of everyone's powers. Nearly everyone, anyway. Mirai waves off - and so does Oriko. Sayaka lets it go without comment, and to her credit, she only hesitates for a second before taking Kirika's hand when the girl bounces up in front of her, wide grin on her face.

You watch for a second, mildly concerned that she'd *also* get Kirika's Oriko fixation. Kirika *did* Wish to be what Oriko needed, after all. To your relief, Sayaka just snorts and drops Kirika's hand before stalking back over to Saki, scowl firmly in place.

Before everyone leaves, you take a moment to center yourself and breathe, *reaching* with your Grief senses. Witch names. Not the most pleasant thing, but a means of differentiating an evil clone and the original.

*Laverna*, *Hippolyta*, *Nelle*, *Alice*, *Teresa*, *Cybele*, and *Hecate*.

Michiru, Kaoru, Umika, Mirai, Saki, Satomi, and Niko, respectively. You swallow a sigh.

You all split up - some are leaving by the front door, some to the roof. You'd offer rides, but they don't seem to be that interested - you just build your flying platform out of Grief. Kirika grins and twiddles her fingers at you in a lazy wave, and Oriko deigns to give you a nod of acknowledgement as they bound off.

"I call this the Mobile Oppression Fortress," you note as Sayaka and Kazumi examine it with their powers. "Also, say, uh- you guys can sense the Grief fog I have, right? You could try copying that too?"

"Really?" Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "Why not call it a Blackstone Fortress or something?"

"Is that a Warhammer reference?" Umika's nose wrinkles.

"Yup!" Sayaka says. "You play?"

You half-listen to that conversation - turns out that Mirai, of all people, plays. Wouldn't have expected that of Miss Teddy Bear, but oh well. Speaking of teddy bears, you can still sense them patrolling the museum even as you watch Niko gather Mirai up in her arms and take to the skies on the hang glider unfolding from Niko's backpack.

... and speaking of Niko flying off...

"*By the way,*" you project. "*Who was that following Niko that first time we came to Asunaro?*"

"*Was it yoooou Mirai?*" Kaoru asks cheerfully.

"*Uh, it wasn't,*" Mirai says. "*Someone was following Niko?*"

"*... oh,*" Kaoru says. "Shit. *Uh. Was it anyone else?*"

Silence.

"Damn," Kazumi hisses. The way she stiffens, back arching, is warning enough. "*That's how she knew when to hit us. She must have been watching us.*"

And there's *anger* in her voice, hot and furious. You can feel it thrumming, and the vestiges echoing from the rest of the Saints. *Their* life that was invaded.

Kazumi straightens. "I've got your fortress copied, Sabrina," she says stiffly, crimson eyes lighting on you. "The Grief fog... I don't think I can copy that. I can copy individual things in it, but I can't copy the fog. We should go now."

You sway back from the almost *physical* force of her anger, a little startled. A theft, an *attack* on Niko... and an invasion of their privacy. She'd been tamping down on her anger so far that she could even joke around, you suppose, but here it is, heavy and scorching.

Once upon a never, she hid the fact that she was Grief spiralling from her friends. And she hid it so successfully that no one noticed until she Witched out.

Kazumi gestures jerkily, empty blackness surging out of nothing to melt into a perfect replica of your Mobile Oppression Fortress. Seven seats - you're not sure Kazumi can actually *modify* a copied effect, so you made one that she could definitely seat all her friends in.

"Come on, Kaoru," she says, stepping up. The orange-haired girl follows, giving you a nod before Kazumi's fortress lifts off.

"I suppose that's my cue," Sayaka says, glancing quizzically at Saki.

"Please," Saki says, nodding.

You step up to your own flying platform, dissolving a good half of it to trim it down to two-person size. It's just you and Mami, after all. You offer her a hand, beaming.

After one last check to make sure that Sayaka's got the copied flying fortress down, you lift off into the sky, heading north-west. Mami sighs quietly, nestling into your side.

You soar past Asunaro's CBD - Kazumi sends a terse update, that she's arrived and started to search the area. Oriko chooses that moment to chime in, dryly noting that they're currently searching a shopping center. Satomi speaks up a few minutes later, as you leave the CBD behind you. Apparently, she's started questioning the animals.

You can see the port in the distance. The sun's barely begun to peek above the horizon, visible from this high up, but more than enough to cast dappled glitter over the ocean. Blinking lights and dark shadows outline cargo ships, and lining the shoreline are the spindly, cantilevered structures of gantry cranes.

Roads streak from the ports, ant-sized trucks making their ways to and fro even this early in the morning. You adjust your course to veer a little more to the west - you're not going for the ports, you're going for the churning factories that belch pillars of steam and flue gas high into the air.

Asunaro isn't Mitakihara. The industry here is well and truly *alive*, bright spots of light splashed over dozens of stamp-sized courtyards and warehouses and processing plants. A fight here would be messy.

You take a moment to check in via telepathy. Sayaka's reached the ports, too.

"It's... a strange feeling," Mami muses quietly.

"What is?" you ask, smiling at her.

"All this," Mami says, waving her hand in a gesture that encapsulates the entirety of Asunaro. "I... I got Kazumi *back*. She doesn't... she doesn't think less of me. And her friend got attacked, so we're *here*. It's not our fight, but we're here because we *should* be, for our... friends?"

"Yeah," you say, tightening your hug round her. You lean over, pressing a gentle kiss to the crown of Mami's head. "Here we are."

"Here we are," Mami agrees, tilting her head back to smile at you.

You can't go *too* low. But with the sky-coloured camouflage, you feel safe enough dipping down near enough to the ground that you'd notice anything you pass over. Mami leans over the side, eyes sharp as she scans the ground beneath you.

Straight in towards the center, and then a spiral outwards would be best, you reckon.

You keep your arm around Mami, of course, shifting so that you're comfortable. And that's why you notice when Mami stiffens and-

"*Dive!*"

Panic screams through you. The platform drops, snatching at your stomach.

Just in time.

A crimson beam scorches above your head. And where it passes, you can't feel your Grief fog. Numb, not gone.

Antimagic of some kind.

No-one within your range, but-

"There!" Mami calls, pointing. You can make the figure out, leaping away over the factory roofs.

**Voting opens**Oct 24, 2017 at 12:00 PM

- [ ] Yell for the Pleiades
- [ ] Get to the ground
- [ ] Stay airborne
- [ ] Chase
- [ ] Corral them
- [ ] Where?
- [ ] Plan of attack?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Oh.
