# Highway 17 pt. 7

"*We're being attacked!*" you yell over telepathy.

Time almost seems to freeze for a second as your mind whirls through evaluations and possibilities.

Mami. She's warm in your arms, but more importantly she isn't tensing to leap off your mobile fortress.

Antimagic. The part of your Grief cloud is still there. It's numb, and you can't quite move it properly - but you *can* move it. Less potent than Kirika's, then.

Reinforcements. A mental [map](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-5096#post-9506453) blossoms to life in your mind's eye. You'd expect Sayaka and Saki in. They're the closest, a little northeast at the port district. Then Mirai and Niko, or... Kazumi and Kaoru.

"*Industrial district, by the three big smokestacks! Single attacker, big red antimagic beam!*" Mami snaps over telepathy, filling in the blanks. "Sabrina-"

"Groundskimming," you complete. She grins at you, bright and exhilarated as the wind roars past you and telepathy fills with a cacophony. "*Sayaka, Saki, can you come over? I don't think we need everyone-*"

Terrain. There's plenty of cover, even without going too close to the roads. Nap-of-the-earth flying, aircraft pilots call it, and even without looking, you can manage that easily, streaking groundward even as Sayaka acknowledges. Your utility fog gives you a perfect tactile map of the world around you as you dive and weave between smokestacks and towers.

"*Big, antimagic beam? That sounds like-*" Kazumi's voice cuts through the telepathic chatter. "*Limiti Esterni?*"

"\*Hijiri's \*gone," Niko snaps, voice cold. "*Then-*"

"*I suppose we've found our culprit,*" Saki concludes grimly. "*We're on our way.*"

The conversation you banish to the back of your mind, half-listening as you surge forward. You're low enough people can spot you from the ground, perhaps, and you've lost sight of the attacker. "Mami, where-"

"There," Mami murmurs, pointing. She rises to her feet, and you sink footholds in under her feet to help her keep her balance. You twist the fortress in that direction, roaring forward in pursuit - now that Mami's pointed it out, you can see a distant figure darting over rooftops. Distant enough that you can't make out much, but you *do* see blonde.

You surge forward in pursuit. With a thought, you spin off decoy platforms from Grief fog, and send them darting out in parallel courses. You wish you could send them off on diverging courses - but you have a range limit.

"*It could be a trap,*" you warn. "*She's running from us - she could be working with a team and luring us into a trap.*"

"*Noted,*" Sayaka bites out. "*We're coming.*"

You roar in pursuit, trying to catch up. Even with Mami pointing the way, even flying, you're having trouble keeping up. She's roofhopping, travelling in a straight line - but the point of flying low is to keep buildings between you and her.

That's fine. You're not losing ground. You just need to make sure you're not being led into a trap.

You juke to the left, over a damaged equipment depot. Utility fog hardens into instant shackles and you drag larger pieces of metal up to you. A moment's thought, crushing pressure smashes them flat into layered steel armour over your fortress. Something, perhaps, to deflect the beam.

Not that she's tried firing back. She's *fleeing*, sprinting flat out at magical girl speeds. Her leaps are sloppy and reckless, and you're pretty sure she fell at some point -you didn't quite see it clearly- but she got right back up and continued to *run*. She hasn't even attacked again after that first shot, not that you'd expected her to.

You'd hail her, but she's too far away. You can't shout that loudly.

"Mami, can you make a shot?" you yell over the rushing wind. Buildings blur past you at breakneck speed, twisting and diving.

Golden ribbons flare into her arms, weaving into a musket. "No," she decides, but raises it to her shoulder. "If you could get me a clear line of fire-"

"-but then she can shoot back at us," you nod, darting your fortress between two towers reeking of something chemical.

"We can keep up with her," Mami says. "We just need to wait for Sayaka to get here."

"Pincer," you say, and she nods.

You rise to your knees, bracing your hands on the walls of your platform, and you lean forward. You lean into the rushing wind, eyes fixed on that fleeing figure as you hurtle between factories and warehouses and smokestacks and metal towers.

She's leading you south.

"*We're here!*" Sayaka calls. "*Sabrina, we see you!*"

"*Swing out to the right!*" you call, chancing a glance back. "*No- get down!*"

She's flying high, a moving blur silhouetted against the lightening sky. Too high, and-

Sayaka's dive comes not a moment too soon. Another crimson red beam slices past her.

"Mami!" you warn, popping your fortress straight up. Your decoys dart upwards, dizzying, evasive pattern swirling around you-

Mami's shot booms out. It slashes across the distance, an easy half a kilometer.

She hits. Even from here you spot the explosion of golden ribbon - and then it bursts, puffing out into fragments.

Mami hisses out a breath, already levelling another musket.

Too late. The target jumps - but not for the next roof. She leaps off the building and vanishes into the streets.

"After her!" Mami snaps.

You're already surging forward in pursuit. You need to catch her before she vanishes into the crowd.

"Sabrina-" Mami starts, but you already know what she's doing so you rise to your feet and grin in response to her sharp nod-

And she leaps, plummeting towards the rooftop the girl leapt from. You vault after her, fortress melting away behind you. Sheet metal you set aside on the roof.

"*She's gone to the streets!*" you warn over telepathy. "*Going after her!*"

Mami lands, and she's off like a shot, bouncing off the roof in one smooth motion. You follow.

"*Comi-*" Sayaka says.

"*We'll cut her off!*" Saki barks. You glance back. Sayaka's going high again, soaring upwards.

Risky. You'll talk later. For now - you follow Mami, trusting her preternatural instinct. Your shoes barely touch the pavement before you take off at a dead sprint. You can't sense the girl, not with your Grief. Not with Grief senses. But she's here, she's around. Somewhere.

You trust Mami. She darts across the street, clearing the road in one easy bound. You ignore the gawking pedestrians and follow.

"Inside!" Mami calls. The building. Looks like a chemical plant of some kind, and smells like it, too. You can see what must be a fractionating tower protruding.

"Window!" you call in return, pointing, and Mami's already bounding over the chain-link fence.

"*We're overhead,*" Saki calls. You nod as you follow Mami in.

It *reeks* in here. Something acridly *chemical* fills the air, sweltering heat radiating from machinery and pipes.

"*She's in here,*" Mami murmurs, prowling past some console.

She... she is. You can't sense her properly. Your utility fog fills the building, every nook and cranny mapped out in your mind, but-

You can't sense her properly.

"*She's got Niko's memory device,*" you warn. "*It's fuzzing with my Grief somehow.*"

"*We'll see her if she leaves the building,*" Sayaka says.

You nod, mostly to yourself, as you tread in Mami's wake. It might be better to spread out to search, but you don't want to leave Mami alone, either. Absently, you weave arrays of Grief, black discs of nanoscopic cantilevers and lenses, all suspended in the air to scan for traces of footprints. They ghost silently over your head, scanning.

It's too messy. Chemical grease sticks everywhere, footprints of hundreds of people tracked through the plant. You scan anyway, trusting to Mami's preternatural sixth sense and that distant, niggling sensation - she's here. She's here, *somewhere*.

A sharp bang, from the wall near you. Morning sunlight scatters through the room - someone broke through a door. You hear shouting, some man. The security guard. No time, no time, your target's escaping out the door and you're already pelting in pursuit but she has a headstart and the plant isn't exactly the easiest place to sprint in.

"*We see her!*" Sayaka snaps, and then-

Thunder booms. A bright white flash lights up the windows, glaring off the machinery.

"*Got her!*" Saki stutters midsentence. "*Huh?*"

"*Saki- damn,*" Sayaka snarls. "*Almost got her!*"

You're vaulting over a tangle of pipes, right behind Mami. "*Sayaka?*"

"*Memory field, or whatever it is-*" Saki snaps. "*Tackled her, but it confused me. She got away.*"

You're almost at the door.

"*Got her!*" Sayaka crows.

If anything, you speed up, hot on Mami's heels. The morning sun hits you in the face, and there she is.

Hijiri Kanna is an *exact* duplicate of Niko. The same blonde twintails, the same sharp yellow eyes. Being pasted to the courtyard wall with paper, perhaps, is not Niko's current state, and neither is the wide-eyed terror nor the tears in her eyes as she thrashes in her bonds.

Sayaka lands next to you, Saki scrambling to her feet from the dirt.

Mami glances back at the chemical plant. "We need to get out of here."

"Got it," Sayaka says, frowning. She scowls, holding her hand out. "I- I can't *feel* her."

"Let me," you say, frowning. She's right there, and you can't *sense* her properly - but you can still fold Grief around Sayaka's paper cocoon. You pry her off the wall, and captive secured, you all bound for the rooftops, carefully dragging the struggling girl with you.

You hold her at a distance. You need to stay out of the memory field. But you can make out her words now.

"Please leave me alone! Please-" her eyes shift from Sayaka, to you, to Mami, frightened and *desperate*. "Please, please- I'll do anything-"

\*\*Voting opens **Oct 29, 2017 at 12:00 PM
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

The lack of pre-prepared vote options is intentional.

Last story post has been edited slightly, with the addition of:

> Before everyone leaves, you take a moment to center yourself and breathe, *reaching* with your Grief senses. Witch names. Not the most pleasant thing, but a means of differentiating an evil clone and the original.
>
> *Laverna*, *Hippolyta*, *Nelle*, *Alice*, *Teresa*, *Cybele*, and *Hecate*.
>
> Michiru, Kaoru, Umika, Mirai, Saki, Satomi, and Niko, respectively. You swallow a sigh.
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()
