# Highway 17 pt. 10

"*It's not *Niko* I'm worried about here,*" you snap, shaking Saki's grip off your shoulder. "*I'll let them hash it ou-*"

You cut yourself off, sudden disgust raking you. "*No, you know what? This is *not* OK.*"

You'd almost just... stood aside and let it happen. You're not a cop. Nor is Niko exactly Hijiri's parent. But this might as well be the same. One slap was too much. You're not going to stand by and let a prisoner you'd taken be beaten, and you're *not* going to let Niko abuse Hijiri.

"Miss Niko!" Mami barks, but even her call's barely heard over the yelling.

You freeze the air around Saki, the Grief saturating it simply *halting* to lock her in an immovable cage. You don't hold it for long. You're *furious*, but all you need is to slip from her grasp - not to antagonise Saki.

And at the same time, you reach out by telepathy. Separate conversations for Sayaka and Mami - first.

"*Mami, I'll handle Saki and Niko,*" you speak as quickly as you can, words practically tumbling over each other. "*Can you back Kazumi off? She's angry, and you know her better.*"

And at the same time, your telepathy spills into Sayaka's mind. "*Sayaka, I need you to keep an eye on the Pleiades too. They're losing control.*"

"*I can do that,*" Mami responds, turning to face the oncoming Kazumi.

Sayaka just nods once, face going a shade paler. Her jaw sets in determination.

No, you can't enter the memory field without forgetting about Yuuri. Umika's protection evidently wasn't *quite* up to the task, or maybe the effect is stronger closer in or whatever, you don't care - but what you *do* care about right now is that Niko is *not* protected from *you*.

You need to make your presence *felt* right now. You take a deep breath, and you *roar*.

"NIKO!" You put your diaphragm into it, your shout cutting through the shouting match. A twitch of your fingers drags a river of Grief free of Niko's Soul Gem.

The girl jerks in surprise, her next verbal rejoinder dying on her lips.

"This is *not* OK, Niko," you say, and gesture at Hijiri. "*Look* at her! She's not *doing* anything."

"This wasn't supposed to *happen*. *This wasn't supposed to happen*," Niko snarls, rounding on you. "I- she doesn't have to do this she doesn't have to be *me*!"

"She was the one who attacked first!" Saki snaps from behind you.

"*Not* the point, Saki," you snap right back. You jab a finger at Niko. "Look at her. Actually *look* at her. One of you is *on the ground*, and it's not *you*. This is *not* OK."

"Fuck *that*. I don't need *you* to defend me," Hijiri says, and you almost yell again before realising that it's *not* Niko. They sound exactly the same, too. She finally gets to her feet, glaring at Niko. "And I don't need *you* tell me how to live my life."

You bite back a nasty rejoinder. A fine job she was doing defending herself.

"*You don't have to live with my guilt!*" Niko yells spinning back to her. "You were supposed to have the life *I* couldn't! I *killed* my friends!"

Kazumi's almost here now, you note in the back of your mind. Three of them, as expected: Kazumi herself, Kaoru, and Mirai, abandoned by Niko and picked up by Kazumi. They're coming in hard, and Mami's stepping towards that end of the roof to intercept them.

"So that gives you the right to dictate the rest of my life?" Hijiri says, fists balling defiantly.

"What *dictating* have I *done*?!" Niko demands. "I haven't done *anything* to you! I gave you my life, I gave you my *family*! I just wanted *someone* to be happy!"

"And the moment I go off the rails you come and hunt me down!" Hijiri snarls. "This- this is the first thing I've done for myself, isn't it?"

Kazumi lands, and Mami's there to meet them. You can make out fragments of conversation, but not clearly. They sound angry.

"That doesn't even make sense!" Niko yells right back. "What, just because you didn't know means that your entire life had no meaning?"

"Enough!" you roar. You *want* to step forward, to step *between* them and *stop* the argument, but you can't, not with the memory field still up. You can see what you're guessing is the device now, a rounded triangular disc, belted to Hijiri's waist, and you could remove it, perhaps, but not now. "Both of you!"

You manage to shut them up for a second, at least. "You're talking past each other. I don't think either of you wants different things - Niko, you're not expressing yourself that well, but you genuinely do want Hijiri to have her own life, happy and *free*, right?"

"Fine way of showing it," Hijiri sneers.

"And *you* becoming a magical girl hurt Niko," you say, jabbing a finger at her. "Am I wrong, Niko? Being a magical girl is an *awful* life. Hijiri, you threw her Wish back in her face, and Niko's *hurt*."

"I don't need you talking for me," Niko snarls. "You know *nothing* about who I am."

"No, but you need someone to mediate," you counter. "You hit her so hard she fell to the *roof*, Niko."

"I'm calm, I'm calm!" Kazumi's voice floats over your shoulder. "I promise I'll be fine!"

Moments later, Kazumi pushes past you, making a beeline straight for Niko. She's followed by Kaoru and Mirai. Mami trails behind them, catching your eye and nodding slightly.

Kazumi heads straight for Niko and pulls her into a tight hug, one which Niko returns with equal ferocity. They're joined seconds later by the lavender floof that is Mirai, the girl all but tackling them into a gigantic hug. You can't help but notice the envy that washes across Hijiri's face, there and gone in an instant before Kazumi releases Niko and turns to Hijiri.

"I- who-" Kazumi says, blinking. Mirai makes no move to let go of either of them, arms wound tight like an octopus.

"Oh, for-" Niko scowls, reaching for the device hanging on Hijiri's hip. The girl yelps and skips a step back out of reach.

Far enough to bring Kazumi out of the memory field, judging by the way the confusion washes away and is replaced by measured anger.

"What do you want?" Kazumi says.

"I want..." Hijiri's shoulders slump. "I want a life to call my own. I don't want to be some *fake*."

Your own shoulders slump. Now that the adrenaline rush of disgust and fury are gone, you just feel... tired. Weary, and you're not even done yet. Mami takes your hand, peering anxiously at you.

"You *had* that," Niko says. "I *gave* you that, and you threw it away."

You smile at Mami. Her hand is soft and warm, her presence at your side comforting. Sayaka nudges your other side, giving you a faint grin and raising her fist in a gesture of support.

Kazumi sighs, shaking her head. "We'll have to sort this out later," she says. "If you're telling the truth, then the real culprit is still out there."

"Yuuri was the one who showed me the truth," Hijiri says. "I've already told Miss Sabrina she's running."

"Then we'll go after her and then sort this out," Kazumi says, expression setting. "What are we going to do with you..."

"Let me go," Hijiri says instantly. You force yourself to straighten, keeping an eye on her just in case she does something stupid.

You don't think she will, not when surrounded by eight magical girls.

"I'm afraid not," Kazumi says, giving her a narrow glare.

**Voting opens**Nov 8, 2017 at 11:00 AM

- [ ] Insist on that telepathy call
- [ ] What do you ask?
- [ ] What to do with Hijiri?
- [ ] Bring her along as a prisoner
- [ ] Suggest leaving her somewhere under guard
- [ ] Any other suggestions for hunting down Yuuri?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

As a note, if you suggest leaving Hijiri under guard, the Pleiades will have a solution for that.
