# Highway 17 pt. 11

"Bring her along?" you suggest, working your fingers. "I'm... I still have questions, anyway."

And at the same time, you reach out by telepathy. "*So, something I've noticed -and I think we need to get to the bottom of it- is that Hijiri's motives don't match up,*" you speak as quickly as possible, words spilling into the minds of the Pleiades and your friends.

"*I noticed that too,*" Mami agrees.

"*Explain?*" Kazumi says tersely. She blows out a hard breath, scowling down at the concrete of the roof and scuffing her shoes as she feigns nonchalance. "Yeah, that's probably for the best," she concedes with a frown at Hijiri. Her attention flicks over to you. "You'll keep an eye on her?"

"Can do," you say, flashing her a thumbs-up.

"*Her story doesn't add up,*" Sayaka says slowly. "*That's what you mean, right? If, as she says, Anri told her that you'd hunt her down, then why the hell would she attack Niko's lab?*"

"And of course I don't get a say," Hijiri mutters sourly.

"OK, you know what?" you look at Hijiri and raise a finger. "I'm going to address that. Gimme a few minutes. Kazumi, shall we all start heading, uh, south-east?"

"*Bingo,*" you confirm telepathically. "*Of course there are explanations. It could have been panic, it could have been clever manipulation by Anri, it could even have been just her being confused. But it could also mean she's lying through her teeth.*"

Kazumi nods decisively in response to your *spoken* question, so you immediately start folding Grief from the air and into the form of another mobile oppression fortress - you extend the platform further backwards than you normally would, allowing room for Hijiri's memory field. Any further discussion you can continue while in the air.

"*And you still want to bring her along?*" Saki asks, sending you a glance that tips her half-glasses down the bridge of her nose again.

"*It's where she'll do the least damage if she's hostile, and where we can continue to talk to her if she isn't,*" you respond. Barring removing her Gem or something, anyway. "*It's where we get to keep an eye on her. If she's planning an ambush - well, we're all aware of the possibility now, right?*"

"*I'll crush her if she tries anything,*" Mirai says, frost creeping into her voice.

"*No!*" Niko says. "*Mirai- please, don't?*"

"*Mirai, it's fine,*" Kazumi says, and sighs. "*Umika, Miss Oriko - any luck?*"

Oriko and Umika report back with a distinct dearth of murderous formerly-silver-haired-but-now-blonde-hostiles, as everyone loads up. Hijiri climbs up onto the back of the platform without prompting, leaning sullenly against the back wall with her arms folded. Probably realised she can't do anything to get away right now, anyway, not with a whopping *eight* magical girls surrounding her.

You sprout a seat for her. She's isolated at the back of your platform, but that's because she refuses to relinquish the memory field as much as anything else.

You lift off into the sky, heading south-east. Past the skyscrapers of the central business district. None of the Pleiades say anything, all lost in their own thoughts. You ease out of Mami's hug, pressing a gentle kiss to her temple before standing. She blushes, and smiles warmly up at you.

"Right. Uh... I'm going to talk to Hijiri now," you say, setting the flight course in a south-easterly direction clear of any buildings while you ease past the rows of seats. You continue by telepathy. "*Please let me try handling her?*"

"I can hear you," the girl says, sourly.

"That was partly the point," you call. Sayaka nods at you as you pass, and that reminds you of something. "Y'know, letting everyone, including you, know that I'm coming over."

"*Sayaka, if you're heading back, I think you need to do that soon,*" you say, shifting mental gears. You include Mami, too. "*I... we'd welcome you if you want to stay, but what about your parents, and school?*"

"*Crap!*" Sayaka says, eyes going wide. "*Um, um...*"

You pull up a seat in front of Hijiri. Literally. You make it theatrical, dipping your hand towards the floor and pulling a seat from it. Without a single word spoken over the rush of wind, you nevertheless get the distinct impression of hushed conversation behind you. Then again, everyone behind you is a magical girl. You don't need to speak to *have* hushed conversations.

Simultaneously, you continue your conversation with Sayaka. "*Sayaka, as I said, we'd welcome you if you want to stay. I... I don't know how far your clones can reach, but you could fly one home, maybe, or head home, or... if you want, we could explain about magic later? Early morning meeting for a club or softball practice or something?*"

"I'm waiting," Hijiri says, folding her arms and scowling at you.

"*Sayaka, calm down,*" Mami says. "*Panicking does you no good.*"

"And you're not giving me any openings," you counter, leaning back in your seat and drumming your fingers against your thigh. You flick a glance backwards to check on Sayaka as you weigh options and approaches, discarding ones you don't think will work. "Nah, you know what? I'll just be honest. Maybe I'm reading you wrong, or maybe I'm not."

Hijiri's eyes narrow.

"I want to help people," you say, spreading your hands. "Honestly, sometimes I feel like I was born to help people. Yes, that includes you."

"I don't need help," Hijiri bites out.

Uh huh. You let the pause stretch out for a moment so as to allow the irony to marinate. "*Sayaka? You OK?*"

"*Yeah, yeah, I'm thinking, I'm thinking,*" Sayaka says.

"We've got you outnumbered and outgunned," you continue out loud. You can feel Niko twitching behind you, her fingers clenching spasmodically. "I mean... yeah. The way I see it, you can make a choice right now. Help us out, or just... stay a prisoner, I suppose."

"Help you out and stay a prisoner anyway?" Hijiri says sardonically.

"Early parole?" you offer, raising an eyebrow. "I'm not the police. Nor are the Pleiades, and punishment, or not, isn't exactly something I have codified. You attacked Niko, and you stole from her. And there *are* consequences, but you can choose to balance the scales somewhat. According to you, Yuuri is just as guilty of manipulating you into doing what she wanted, right? Do you want her caught too?"

"Guarantee of a chance against a guarantee of nothing," Hijiri snaps. "What a wonderful choice."

"Well, it is," you say, holding out an open palm. "I'm willing to personally guarantee your safety as long as you abide by the peace, if nothing else. And I can *definitely* enforce that, though I don't think I need to."

Hijiri scowls at you, but her look is... evaluating. Assessing.

"Can I persuade you to set aside the memory device?" you ask, motioning towards her hip. "It *really* isn't offering you any protection right now, is it?"

Her scowl deepens, but she reaches for the thing, belted at her waist. You can't help but notice the way her arm tenses as she unclips it, and holds it out at arm level to the side.

"Thank you," you say, smiling as you whisk it from her hand with your utility fog. With a thought, you pull it well away from your fortress, suspending it over thin air.

You can sense Hijiri properly now, that zone suddenly filled with a presence. You take a moment to check her Soul Gem, her Witch name - well within the safe zone, and...

*Nephthys.*

"I'll want that back later!" Niko calls. Hijiri's expression slams shut again, and you wince.

"*Clone,*" Sayaka concludes. "*I- I think I can send it that far.*"

"*If you're sure,*" Mami says. Best Mami. She's covering for you, letting you concentrate on Hijiri, even if you can handle both. "*As Sabrina said, we would be happy to have you, but there's no shame in leaving to attend to your life.*"

"*You're staying too,*" Sayaka says stubbornly. "*I can do this.*"

"Can you tell me anything about Yuuri?" you ask. "What's she like? Her powers?"

"She's deranged," Hijiri says flatly, arms still folded tight. "You wanted to talk to her?"

The connection blossoms instantly: you, Hijiri, and a third person.

"*Hijiri?*" a sharp voice says. "*Who's that?*"

**Voting opens**Nov 12, 2017 at 12:00 PM

- [ ] Anri Airi, alias Yuuri
- [ ] What do you say to her?
- [ ] Sayaka
- [ ] Confirm the clone plan
- [ ] Suggest something else
- [ ] The hunt
- [ ] Head to the museum to plan
- [ ] Immediately spread out to search, we can't lose time
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Sayaka'll send her clone off the next update, unless you suggest something else. Also, Kazumi will be directing you to meet back up at home base to reconvene and reassess for another hunt, unless you suggest something else.
