# Highway 17 pt. 12

Oh boy.

Oh *boy*.

Well, let's not panic *this* time. You have too many things to do right this instant to panic. On the other hand, you have *too many things* to do *right this instant*. On the third, Grief-formed hand, you have your entirely-too-useful multitasking capabilities to lean on.

You need to stop Hijiri and Anri from colluding. Basic interrogation, right? Don't let the suspects communicate with each other. Unless they've agreed to a story beforehand -and you doubt either of them were planning on Hijiri being caught- then you can probe them both for inconsistencies until it falls apart or clicks together.

Luckily, other people aren't you, and can't multitask as well as you can.

And Sayaka needs an answer, of course.

Three conversations to handle at the same time.

"*Sayaka, you're sure you can handle that?*" you say. "*I remember you had coordination troubles with the clones.*"

You leave Sayaka to mull over that and glance over your shoulder, checking your course quickly before leaning back in your seat and eyeing Hijiri. There are enough meaningful glances going between the Pleiades for you to conclude that there's *definitely* a telepathic conversation going on between them.

"Thanks for the connection," you say, smiling. "Still, I do need information about her. Also, uh, don't mind if I talk to Yuuri separately?"

And you immediately drop the 'conversation' with Hijiri and Anri, switching smoothly to a new link with just Anri. "*Hello, Miss Yuuri,*" you say. "*I'm Sabrina. I'm actually from Mitakihara - I came here because of the conflict.*"

"*I've got a ribbon on Hijiri,*" Mami murmurs to you. You hide your surprise - but now that she mentions it, you *can* sense the ribbon winding across the floor of the platform and around the clone's ankle. She'd moved it so slowly and so subtly you hadn't even noticed it.

"Not like I can stop you," Hijiri says sullenly.

"Well, what more can you tell me, other than that she's deranged?" you ask, nodding at her. "I mean... well, for starters, why do you say that?"

"*Thanks, Mami,*" you say to her, trying to send her a warm smile. "*You're the best.*"

Silence from Anri, but she hasn't dropped the connection. Curious. "*Hello, Yuuri? Are you there?*" you prompt. "*Cheesy as it sounds, I'm here to help.*"

"She's currently screaming at me," Hijiri says with a wince. It doesn't look faked. "Does that count?"

You scratch your head sheepishly, tucking a stray lock of hair behind your ear. "Uh, sorry?"

That's not what you wanted.

"Still, go on?" you say to her, speaking simultaneously to Anri. "*Miss Yuuri? I'd like to speak with you.*"

And another portion of your attention extends to Mami and Kazumi. "*Quick update - I've gotten Hijiri to connect me to Yuuri, but she isn't responding to me.*"

"*I can do it,*" Sayaka says, finally responding to you. "*Yeah.*"

You can feel her magic building already, the *flavour* changing as she switches powers. "*Would copying a chibi help?*" you suggest. "*It seems like it gave Kazumi extra multitasking capability.*"

"*I'll ask,*" Sayaka decides.

"She is *obsessed*," Hijiri says finally. "She's single-mindedly focusing on her *vengeance* against 'those girls'."

"Uh huh? What was she doing, with the raid on the lab?" you say, making a 'go on' gesture at her. "*Hello? Miss Yuuri? I'm someone who wants to help.*"

"*I* wanted to- to do *something*," Hijri says, scowling over your shoulder. "It was *her* idea. She was looking for something. She didn't tell me what, but I took the opportunity."

"*Good luck*," Yuuri hisses. And she cuts the connection.

**Voting opens**Nov 15, 2017 at 3:00 AM

- [ ] Continue pressing Hijiri
  - [ ] How?
- [ ] Call Yuuri again
  - [ ] What do you say?
  - [ ] Keep calling her back
  - [ ] ~~Annoy her into submission~~
- [ ] You arrive at the museum next update
  - [ ] Discuss...
  - [ ] Start searching
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 180 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Simultaneously: Hijiri
- [x] Goals:
  - [x] Continue conversation/therapy with same principals.
  - [x] Keep Hijiri occupied to prevent coordination with Yuuri.
  - [x] Get more Yuuri intel. Arguments, plans, powers, objective in Niko's lab, etc.
  - [x] Subtly investigate discrepancies.
  - [x] Try to nudge a hypothetically hostile Hijiri into making a mistake.
- [x] Potential specifics:
  - [x] Thank her for connecting you.
  - [x] Commiserate about being misled by crazy schemers.
    - [x] Let Hijiri believe you have a precog.
  - [x] If you get an opening, ask what she wants to do with her life. Good therapy and a distraction.
~~\[x] Simultaneously: Yuuri.
- [x] Move to a new channel minus Hijiri.
- [x] Goals:
  - [x] Skip the hunt by getting her to a known location. Meeting, provoke an ambush, Clear Seed inspection, doesn't matter.
  - [x] Learn about her motives.
- [x] Potential specifics:
  - [x] Present yourself as a neutral mediator.
    - [x] You want to help everyone.
  - [x] Give Clear Seed handling instructions.~~

---​

Short update - if the vote resolves quickly this round, I'll try and update again on Friday and once more on Sunday.
