# Highway 17 pt. 13

You blink, faintly nonplussed. Not an unreasonable reaction from Anri, you suppose. If she's the one calling the shots - then it seems that she's lost her only ally. And if Hijiri's the one calling the shots, then it'd seem like she just got sold out.

You have the perfect hammer to drive this particular nail, too, and you have an idea you can follow up on here and now. You don't say anything to Hijiri for a moment, simply eyeing her with a watchful, careful eye. With equally delicate care, you bring your utility fog in, settling around her throat and jaw.

"*I don't think Kazumi's chibis work that way,*" Sayaka reports. "*I won't get multitasking for *another* of my powers if I copy them, just for the chibi.*"

"*Ah, well, then... if you're sure, Sayaka,*" you say, glancing back and checking the course of your flying platform. It feels like more time has passed than it really did - multitasking does that, you suppose. Still, you're nearly there. Kazumi catches your eye and nods slightly.

"*I'm sure,*" Sayaka says, steel in her tone.

"*Then by all means,*" you say. You take a moment to reach out to Mami, too. "*Keep an eye on her?*"

"*Of course, Sabrina,*" Mami responds warmly.

Sounding out words tends to lead to subvocalization. It's the same thing as reading - even if you're not reading out loud, your muscles wind up shaping the words anyway. It's not *guaranteed*, and it's difficult to make out individual *words*, but the movements tend to be there. Of course, they can be suppressed, if you know how. You're sure that magical girls have an even easier time doing that, meat-puppet bodies and all.

Still.

You'd left Hijiri stewing in silence for long enough, and... you're fairly certain that Hijiri's talking to someone.

"I suppose that's fair," you say at last, leaning forward a little and opening your palms to her. "You took your chances... but I have to ask. Was it the right call, do you think?"

"Obviously not," Hijiri snaps. "Got me here, didn't it?"

"I mean, beyond that," you say mildly, folding your arms and leaning back in the chair. You keep your eye on her, still watching for more signs of telepathy. Behind you, you can feel Sayaka rise to her feet and stride over to the edge of the platform... and then her form duplicates, the new Sayaka throwing herself off the side on shimmering wings.

That would be... Chouko's power, you suspect.

"I don't need your *condescension*," Hijiri snarls, crossing *her* arms sullenly.

And if she *is* talking to Anri... well, you're not sure what it implies. She could be calling the shots, or she could simply be trying to calm Anri's telepathic yelling. You don't think that wince earlier was faked, really. But perhaps you have a way you can test Anri's side of the story. All you need is a little *nudge*.

"*Miss Anri, please,*" you say, taking care to enunciate the name clearly as you reach out mentally for her. "*I really just want to help.*"

*That* gets you a reaction.

"*Who told you that name?*" Anri's voice is deadly quiet, incandescent fury burning beneath a facade of calm.

"*I know things,*" you say. You have approximate knowledge of many things, but really, when you're trying to be *emphatic* isn't the time to be flippant. "*And... I'm sorry for your loss, Miss Anri.*"

"What did you do?" Hijiri asks, flinching as a frown etches deep trenches into her forehead.

"I asked her a question," you say. "Really, I'm just trying to talk to her."

"*You have no right,*" Anri snarls at you. "*You have no*right."

"What the hell kind of question did you *ask* her?" Hijiri says. And you're watching close enough to see that vein on her forehead start to throb.

"Something personal, I suppose. But that's between her and me," you say, waving it off. The nonchalance is only *just* faked. It's between you and Anri, indeed, but you want to see how Hijiri reacts to being told that her possible pawn was being diverted.

At the same time, you speak to Anri. "*Miss Anri, please. I can't pretend I understand fully, but I could, if you were willing to talk to me.*"

"*You can't possibly understand my pain!*" Anri shrieks. "*I- I- you're just like*them!"

You're not terribly disappointed with Hijiri's reaction, either. The girl stiffens, hands twitching into fists before she catches herself and forces herself to relax.

Interesting.

You sigh, using that to cover any expression that might have crossed your face at that particular thought. "Though... I really have to ask, Miss Hijiri," you say. "You attacked the Pleiades Saints. Anri said you'd be hunted down, right? Then... wouldn't attacking them have just painted a bigger target on your head?"

And to Anri, you respond simply. "*Give me a chance to try, Miss Anri. Maybe you're right, but you never know, right?*"

"This *again*?" Hijiri snaps. "I was upset, and there was the opportunity, alright?"

"Sabrina, we're here," Kazumi calls from the front. "Well- we just overshot a bit."

"Hm?" you say, twisting around. "Oh! Uh, sorry, Miss Hijiri, I have to land this thing. Stay here?"

The blonde girl makes a thoroughly unimpressed face at you. "I could hit you all in the back with the antimagic beam. I doubt it'd impair any of you for more than five minutes, if I even hit, at which point I'd be run down and captured. Again. I'm good, thank you very much."

"Your cooperation is appreciated," you say, smiling faintly. She'd get exactly nowhere with that approach, of course, not with Mami's ribbon ready around her ankle. "And I actually mean that."

You're not so naive as to leave it at that, of course. Your utility fog remains in place around her throat, around her jaw.

You pad off to the front, already redirecting the platform to swerve a little loop back to the museum. Sayaka gives you a grin and a thumbsup as you pass, her attendance issues resolved. A pity you can't say the same for Mami, but... you can't say you're sorry to have Mami here, either.

Niko looks sullen, darting a look at you, and then Hijiri. Kazumi's evidently still trying to calm her, a hand on her wrist and an intent look on her face as if engaged in a silent conversation.

You spare a thought to check in on Oriko and Kirika - you don't doubt that Satomi and Umika are in contact with the rest of the Pleiades. "*Oriko?*"

"*No luck so far, Sabrina,*" Oriko reports.

"*Good,*" you say, before letting your tone turn teasing. "*You *have* been searching, and not just inside malls, right?*"

"*We only went into one mall!*" Kirika protests.

"*Yes, Sabrina, we have,*" Oriko responds calmly. "*We *are* taking this seriously.*"

Mirai's teddy bears stand sentinel on the roof of the museum, glowing with spectral fire in your Grief sense. Mami smiles at you, rising to stand beside you. Automatically, you slide your arm around her waist, giving her a warm smile as you land.

Hijiri's *definitely* talking, though you can't really make out anything.

"*Hello, Miss Anri? Are you there?*" you call again.

"*You're working with *them*. Go and*die," she hisses, vicious anger in her voice.

**Voting opens**Nov 18, 2017 at 11:00 AM

- [ ] How do you respond to Anri?
- [ ] More to say to Hijiri?
- [ ] Hunting
- [ ] Per vote in abeyance
- [ ] How would you suggest drawing Anri out?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Hunting:
- [x] Group brainstorm searching methods.
- [x] Grief sensors (others should copy this); Ribbon Grid; Sayaklone Army; combos thereof.
- [x] Encourage others to propose ideas.
- [x] Ask Hijiri if she's willing to help find Yuuri.
- [x] Yuuri likes to spy and set up traps. Can we draw her out and counter ambush her?

\=====​

Back to the home base.
