# Highway 17 pt. 14

You keep your face blank, but good *grief*. Overreaction and then some.

To be fair, she *is* a teenager. You hope she's keeping her Soul Gem clear - she *does* have that Clear Seed, but if she thinks that it's the original Yuuri's Grief Seed, then she might not be willing to use it. There is... understandable precedent for a reluctance to use a friend's Grief Seed, after all.

It'd be a ridiculous coincidence if it *were* Yuuri's Grief Seed, really. The timeframe *does* line up, more or less, but surely the Pleiades must have gone through more Witches and Seeds than that.

You sigh, shaking free those thoughts as you come to a landing on the roof of the museum.

The Pleiades disembark first, Kazumi resting a hand on Niko's shoulder in support. You can't help but notice the way Niko and Hijiri lock on each other, the two identical gazes clashing in a silent battle of wills... right up until a looming shadow falls over them. Hijiri flinches.

A two meter tall teddy bear with blazing eyes and claws the length of your forearm tends to have that effect. Mirai gives Niko an adoring, dimpled smile, before turning her attention on Hijiri. "One wrong step..." she warns.

... also, teeth about as long as your entire hand. Yeesh. Sayaka gives the bear a wide berth, detouring around *you*.

Kazumi waves everyone down the stairs, brows knotted into a frown as she nudges Hijiri out in front of her. You exhale, and follow.

Edgy teenager that Anri is, you'll see if you can't get some motive ranting from her, and so you pick up the conversation. "*No, I don't think I'll 'go and die'. But I can imagine how much it hurts, even if I haven't felt that way before. I don't understand why you'd want anyone else to feel that way, though.*"

"*You *killed* her!*" Anri rages. "*You have to suffer, you *all* have to suffer!*"

You take the rear with Mami, smiling at her, because no matter how\... ridiculous things might be getting, you always have a smile for Mami. She curls into your side, a warm, comforting presence. A thought dissolves your flying fortress behind you as you go, Grief melting away to join the utility fog. You bring the memory device with you, encapsulated safely in its bubble of Grief and floating at a healthy distance from you.

"*I didn't kill her,*" you say mildly. "*I'm not with the Saints, and I don't believe they did either.*"

"*Lies! Liar, liar,*liar!" Anri snarls. "*I saw it! I *saw* it! Kyuubey gave me the opportunity to make you all *suffer*! Hijiri taught me, and you took that away from me!*"

"*I don't want anyone to suffer,*" you say as you make your way down the stairs, one hand on the railing. You'd rather not address her somewhat unhinged points directly. Hijiri 'taught' her, huh? Annoyingly obtuse. "*I want to help you, too.*"

The connection slams shut, and you sigh again. This garners you a look from Mami *and* Kazumi, Saki and Kaoru's gazes snapping to follow their leader's an instant later.

"Hijiri agreed to connect me to Anri," you note by way of explanation. "She is, uh, somewhat unstable."

"Told you so," Hijiri says from the front of the group, her voice echoing oddly in the stairwell. "She's batshit insane."

You can't help but notice the little flinches ripple up the Saints. Kazumi alone doesn't react, but Niko virtually bristles before obviously forcing herself to relax. Saki's attention twitches over, her monocle-glasses nearly slipping from her nose before she catches it, and Kaoru hunches her head defensively. Mirai stiffens, expression freezing.

Mami takes your hand, squeezing gently. Sayaka laces her fingers behind her head, stretching and twisting from side to side as you all make your way down to the lab once more. It's still the same neat rows of shelves, lit by the stark glare of fluorescent lights. Hijiri's eyes narrow, darting about the lab, but she doesn't react any further than that.

"I want to talk to her," Niko says as you all gather into a loose circle. "I-" She closes her eyes, and faces Hijiri. "I want to talk to you."

Hijiri dips into a sarcastic curtsey, her long twintails bobbing with the motion. "I am at your disposal, o creator mine."

"Could I have a quick word with her first, and then you, Niko?" you ask.

Hijiri and Niko both shrug in unison, glancing at each other and then flinching away.

You'll take that as a yes, then. You walk over to Hijiri, beckoning her off to a side. "I..." you start, and trail off. "No, you know what? I apologise."

You flash a genuine, if sheepish, grin at Hijiri. "I do that a lot, when it comes to dealing with magical girls I happen to be... in opposition to," you admit. "I'm not used to it. But no, I apologise. If Yuuri's screaming at you, do you want the memory field back? It'll block out telepathy, right?"

It's a genuine offer. You'll give it back to her if she wants it. *If* she wants it. It cuts off telepathy, and if she's conferring with Yuuri, would she be willing to cut contact? You believe her when she says that Yuuri's screaming at her, admittedly, but an opportunity to plan...

"She stopped screeching at me," Hijiri says, frowning. "I- I'll take the offer later, maybe."

"Right," you say. "And just... try and give Niko a chance? I don't... I get you. I get that you don't want to live under her thumb, dance to her strings. But she *does* want you to be happy."

"Funny way of showing it," Hijiri sneers.

You sigh. You're not getting any better from her, so for now, you turn away, and walk over to Niko.

She's waiting not-so-patiently, giving you an irritated look.

"Give her a chance at her own life," you say simply. "I know you want her to have a long, happy life. I don't... I can't understand your thoughts, your emotions on the matter, but... give her a chance to be happy in her own way. Compromise, if you can?"

"She's already ruined it," Niko says bitterly. "Like me, I suppose."

"Talk to her," you say. You debate warning her about hitting Hijiri again, but she doesn't really strike you as being in that same incandescent *rage* anymore. "Don't talk *at* her. You're right, she *is* like you. There must be something that makes you *both* happy."

Niko growls, and throws her hands up. "I have to, don't I?"

She stomps away, glancing once at Hijiri and jabbing a finger at the far corner of the lab.

You slump down on a chair, covering your eyes. What a fine mess.

Mami's instantly at your side, touching you gently on the shoulder.

"I'm OK, Mami," you say, smiling and leaning into her side. "Just annoyed."

"We need to decide what to do about Anri," Kazumi declares. "And Hijiri. Miss Sabrina, you've already done a lot to help today, it's alright if you want to sit this out - we should be able to sort this out."

"I'm still up for hunting!" Sayaka declares.

**Voting opens**Nov 22, 2017 at 12:00 PM

- [ ] What do you suggest for the hunt?
- [ ] Any suggestions for Hijiri?
- [ ] What do you do about Anri?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Hunting:
- [x] Group brainstorm searching methods.
  - [x] Grief sensors (others should copy this); Ribbon Grid; Sayaklone Army; combos thereof.
  - [x] Encourage others to propose ideas.
  - [x] Ask Hijiri if she's willing to help find Yuuri.
  - [x] Yuuri likes to spy and set up traps. Can we draw her out and counter ambush her?

\=====​

Apologies for taking so long with this one. It's been a busy, busy few days. Also, I excluded the line about asking Mami for suggestions simply because it was kind of eliminated by Niko wanting to talk to Hijiri.
