# Highway 17 pt. 15

You feel Mami's arm go around you, and you smile, pillowing your head against her stomach as you lean into the hug.

"Are you OK with staying?" you murmur.

"If you're staying, then so am I," Mami says.

"OK. Then, Kazumi-" you open your eyes, and grin at her. "Thank you, but we'd like to stay, if you'll have us. And I want to help Hijiri and Niko, and Anri."

Kazumi purses her lips, and nods. "Glad to have the three of you, then," she says. "Alright, everyone gather 'round. Niko..."

She glances off where Niko took Hijiri. You can hear raised voices from that direction, but not shouting. "Everyone else, then."

You smile up at Mami before standing and moving over to the group. You can't help but send another worried glance at the muffled *discussion* Niko and Hijiri are having, but you're somewhat reassured that the conversation seems at the very least to not be a shouting match now. You could probably listen in, with your utility fog permeating the area - but you won't.

Kazumi's eyes are fixed on you, gaze twinned with Saki's. Both of them look thoughtful, and evaluating.

You'll give Hijiri and Niko their privacy to hash things out, and you *hope* they'll *actually* hash things out.

*Dear Madokami on high, bless me with reasonable people...*

Then again, you're maybe halfway certain you're an agent of Madokami. If you are, it's entirely possible you're supposed to be the one fulfilling prayers, not making them.

"Sabrina, your intelligence about Hijiri seems to have panned out," Saki says. "Do you know anything about Anri that might be relevant right now?"

"First-" Kazumi raises a finger. "Do you think you can put up the privacy curtain?"

"Hey, it's not a *curtain*," you protest, setting aside the theological crisis for now. "But yes. One sec."

You close your eyes, holding your hand out to receive a blob of Grief the coalesces out of the fog - but you *don't* focus your will upon it yet. Instead, you reach out by telepathy. Mami, Sayaka, Homura, Oriko, and Kirika. "*Hey, everyone?*"

You take a moment to update everyone on recent events in rapidfire speech: Hijiri hunted down, Anri still at large, memory field recovered but Clear Seed still stolen, as well as Niko's... dispute with Hijiri. And your intervention and Hijiri's grudging cooperation.

"*... and also, Anri is, um, a bit unstable,*" you conclude. "*Just a bit. 'You can't understand my pain' quote-unquote.*"

"*I see,*" Homura murmurs. "*You are all unharmed?*"

"*Absolutely,*" you say. "*It wasn't even much of a fight - Sayaka did great and pasted Hijiri. Still, Anri's out there somewhere. Not sure we're gonna make it back to meet Nadia and the Shiogama girls. Are you good for handling that?*"

Your eyes are closed, so you *sense* rather than see Sayaka's smile.

"*Yes,*" Homura says, and hesitates for a second. "*Sayaka came back to Mitakihara?*"

"*Ah, that's my clone!*" Sayaka interjects. "*C'mon, I know we didn't talk, but you didn't think I'd just run off, right?*"

"*... I see,*" Homura says.

"*Yep,*" you say. "*Anyway... Oriko?*"

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" the seer responds.

"*I know your visions are faded, but from what you remember - was Hijiri the mastermind?*" you ask.

Silence for a long moment. "*Insofar as she was manipulating Anri, yes,*" she agrees. "*I don't think she can really be termed a *mastermind*, however, just the instigator.*"

"*Right,*" you say. That's damning. "*Thanks. Everything going alright?*"

"*No news so far,*" Oriko says, voice turning dry. "*I doubt we will be so lucky as to be attacked out of the blue as you were with Hijiri.*"

"*Fair enough,*" you say. "*Right, thanks. So... anything else, everyone?*"

With a round of denials, and farewells, you cut the connection. And *now* you focus, having lost just a few moments speaking mind-to-mind with your friends. You mould the Grief in your hand with mind and intent. Privacy, interdiction... familiar pathways, a familiar pattern drawn in your mind's eye and made manifest upon reality by your will.

It sings in your hand, a dark star resonating with its song of *Witch, Witch, Witch*. You exhale, opening your eyes to a world that hazes out past a circle of a few meters. Mami smiles at you, the touch of worry easing out from her expression.

"Here we are," you say, taking a step forward and bending down to set the pedestal in the centre of the circle. You, Mami, Kaoru, Saki, Kazumi, Mirai, and finally Sayaka, on your right. Satomi and Umika are still out searching, as are Oriko and Kirika. Niko and Hijiri are still discussing their differences. Well, you hope they're *discussing*, anyway.

No raised voices that you can hear.

"What can you tell us, Sabrina?" Saki asks, folding her arms.

"Honestly, I haven't got anything *new*, apart from talking to her earlier," you say, and snort. "She's, uh. Melodramatically unstable. She was screaming at me about how I didn't understand her pain... OK, look, I don't really want to understate that she's hurting. She's just a girl not that different from us who was badly hurt, yeah?"

"Back up a sec," Kaoru says, holding her hand up. "How were you talking to her?"

"Ah, yeah," you say. "I was talking to Hijiri, and I persuaded her to give up the memory device. I've still got that, by the way, and I'll pass it back to Niko later, but the point is that Hijiri agreed to connect me to Anri."

Kazumi frowns. "Did you get anything else?"

"Not... really much about Anri," you say. "She's screaming *mad*. She was screaming at me about revenge, and accused me of working with you guys. Which is kind of accurate, but I wanna be a *mediator*... Anyway, point is, not so much about Anri, but I'm *quite* certain that Hijiri was on telepathy with Anri the whole time."

"Then she's guilty!" Mirai says, clenching a fist. "We'll punish her."

"How do you plan on punishing her, Miss Wakaba?" Mami asks gently. "She has stolen from you, yes."

Which is an *excellent* question, to be honest. Oriko blew your leg off, and the most you were able to level against her was house arrest. After applying grievous damage to her, but that wasn't really a *punishment*. You forced her to face headaches, you suppose. Inflicting your particular brand of brain damage on someone probably counts, right?

"Kazumi?" Mirai asks, turning to her friend and leader.

"We-" Kazumi bites her lip, eyes flickering to Mami. "I'd say kick her out of town, for stealing from us. But I don't think Niko would accept that."

"Yeah, well..." you say, rubbing your nose. "I don't think Niko's is the only opinion that matters there. Hijiri is a person, too. I'd be willing to bring her over to Mitakihara - rehabilitation is better than vengeance, you know? But it depends on what Hijiri wants."

Saki makes a sharp, cutting gesture with her hand that nearly makes her glasses-monocle fly from her nose. "All very well and good, but we need to focus on Anri right now. She's getting away, or maybe she's putting some plan into motion. Is there anything more you can tell us?"

"Hijiri said that she was fleeing south-east," you say. "But no, that's it."

Speaking of Anri, you *may* have leverage you can use against her. You extend your senses, looking for Grief Seeds and their *names*. Yuuri's Witch was...

*Arzt Kochen*.

Saki has it, one of the few Grief Seeds the Pleiades have.

"Shopping areas, and all the parks. Then we need to start searching now," Saki says.

"OK, but we don't have to brute force it," you say. "Keep in mind - with me around, you can spam as much magic as you like. You just have to return to me for cleansing. Speaking of which-"

You hold your hand up with an inquiring eyebrow.

"Mami, we could work together, and try to extend our range with your ribbons?" you suggest as you cleanse everyone's Soul Gems.

"If that's what you want," Mami says, promptly blushing.

"Clones?" Sayaka suggests with a frown.

"If you can manage it, yeah," you say. "Kazumi, you can copy Sayaka's clones, too."

"Or I could blanket the town with chibis," Kazumi muses thoughtfully.

"I think they have a range limit, if they work like mine," you say.

"Right," Kazumi says, grimacing.

The Kazumipocalypse pushed back by a day, then.

"I can comb areas in lightning mode," Saki suggests.

"Bears," Mirai says, folding her arms.

Kaoru shrugs. "I don't really have anything useful for this. Just good eyesight," she says. "I'll do it normally."

"OK," Kazumi says, nodding decisively. "It's a plan, then. We need to decide what to do with Hijiri *now*. Niko- ah, right. Sabrina?"

"You can just walk through the field," you note, but twitch a finger to dissolve your privacy device.

"Um," Sayaka says. "Do you hear crying?"

"Niko!" Kazumi's off like a shot, and you all hurry after her, rushing past haphazardly arrayed shelves.

And-

There's Hijiri, standing petrified.

And there's Niko, down on her knees and wailing with her arms thrown around Hijiri's waist.

Hijiri looks *very* uncomfortable, her eyes darting over to all of you.

And then there's Kazumi, wrapping herself around Niko. Mirai joins in seconds later, and then Kaoru and Saki.

... Hijiri looks even *more* uncomfortable, with a hugpile gathered around and clinging to her legs.

**Voting opens**Nov 26, 2017 at 11:00 AM

- [ ] Hijiri
- [ ] Extract her from the hugpile
- [ ] Leave here there
- [ ] What do you do with Hijiri while hunting?
- [ ] Suggest she come along to help
- [ ] Leave her somewhere
- [ ] Make the case that Airi needs help
- [ ] Confront Hijiri about her giving instructions to Airi
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Talking to and about Hijiri as an olive branch didn't happen because they were still busy.

The search should begin next update, provided the vote doesn't preclude it.
