# Highway 17 pt. 16

*Dear Madokami on high, thank you. *Thank you*. I'm not sure you're actually listening to my prayers, and I'm not absolutely sure you were responsible for Niko and Hijiri resolving things, but thank you anyway. While I'm at it, I wonder if you have a preferred form of prayer? And if it isn't too much, some signs of what to do might be nice. I'm pretty sure I'm here for a purpose, but I don't know what it is.*

You close your eyes for a second and exhale, smiling faintly. That *does* seem a little self-centered, but oh well. You *are* asking because you want to help people, so there's that, at least.

That said...

Hijiri looks uncomfortable and unsettled and *petrified*, frozen in place. You're not sure she actually *accepted* anything Niko said, but it hit close enough to home to seriously jar her. Of course, some of that might be Niko just breaking down and throwing herself at her.

She meets your eyes, and there's a plea in her gaze.

A twinge of amusement sparks through you as you stride forward, detouring around Saki, on the tail end of the hugpile. You can credit Oriko's affronted verdict on her, definitely. Not much of a mastermind, just an instigator. Then again, Oriko *did* have certain advantages over Hijiri, and you still ran them both down.

You crouch down, touching Niko on the shoulder. It's no easy task, not with the mass of girls clustered around Hijiri's feet. "Niko? You're making Hijiri uncomfortable."

"N-no," Niko manages. "No, I'm sorry, Hijiri, please don't go away-"

You blink. That's not quite what you were expecting.

Hijiri makes an uncomfortable noise, trying to pry Niko's arms off. "Please let go of me."

Niko just wails louder and tightens her grip.

You exchange a look with Mami, and then Sayaka, who shrugs helplessly.

Mami, on the other hand, has a thoughtful look on her face. She crouches down to tap *Kazumi* on the shoulder. "Kazumi?"

"Yes, Mami-sempai?" Kazumi says, almost on reflex.

"I think you should all let Hijiri go," Mami says gently. "You're making her very uncomfortable."

Kazumi blinks, crimson eyes confused for a second before she actually looks at Hijiri. Comprehension dawns, and she nods. "OK."

You beam at Mami, taking her hand and squeezing gently. Of course she'd know the best way to break it up.

It takes a few minutes of careful chivvying and cajoling, but Kazumi manages to disentangle everyone from Hijiri, even Niko. The blonde girl's eyes are red, sniffling as she swipes at her nose.

"I'm sorry, Hijiri," Niko says, facing her clone. But her heart isn't really in it, that much you can tell.

Kazumi wraps her arm around Niko's shoulders, pulling her into a sidelong hug. "Niko? We need to find this Airi. Do you want to sit this out, with Hijiri?"

You bite your lip, watching Niko. You'd been planning on suggesting Hijiri could help to search, for the purposes of building goodwill. Then again... you can't help but harbour that kernel of doubt. She hasn't been telling you everything, you know that much. She's been talking to Airi - why? Has she been giving orders? Plans?

"No," Niko says, shaking her head and taking a deep breath. "I need to- I need to *do* something."

"Gotcha," Kazumi says, smiling and hugging Niko a little tighter before letting her go and turning to Hijiri. "Can you call her in?"

"Airi?" Hijiri says, frowning. Her earlier discomfort subsumes itself back under careful control, steadying out now that she has something to focus on. "No. I didn't... neither of us were *in charge*. She won't listen to me."

"Convenient," Mirai mutters under her breath as you step forward, quiet enough that you wouldn't have caught it if you weren't right in front of her.

"Is there anything more you can tell us?" you ask. "Anything that might help us track her down? Or anything that might be useful?"

"She was fleeing south-east," Hijiri says. "That much I can tell you. She was staying somewhere in that area, I think, but I'm not sure. When we met up for, uh, discussion, she always preferred to meet near there."

Kazumi frowns. "We really need to get moving," she decides. "Same groups as earlier? Mirai, Niko, and Saki, Miss Sayaka?"

"Works for me," Sayaka agrees, everyone else chiming in with general affirmation. "Uh, what about Hijiri?"

"You could let me go," Hijiri says sourly, folding her arms. Her heart isn't in it, though, her eyes distant.

"I don't think we can spare anyone to guard-" you quirk an eyebrow at Kazumi, who shakes her head, "-and I still want to talk to her, so is it alright if I bring her with us?"

"Oh boy," Hijiri says, with all the enthusiasm of a month-dead snail.

"Niko?" Kazumi asks, hug tightening for a second on her friend.

"That's-" Niko shakes her head. "That's fine. I need- separation. Clear my head."

"Right," you say. "And, uh... Saki? You have a Grief Seed on you, partially used. Could I have it? I'd like to make a Clear Seed out of it."

"Uhh," Saki says, glancing at Kazumi.

"Ah, that's right," Kazumi says, rooting around in her pocket. "Sabrina gave us another Clear Seed, everyone. So, um, sure, Sabrina. Why do you need Saki's Grief Seed specifically?"

"Different Grief Seeds are different from each other," you say with a shrug, an uncomfortable little squirm twisting your stomach. You don't like lying, even for a good cause, and... *phrasing*, Kazumi.

Saki shrugs, and walks across the group to hand you the Grief Seed. You recieve it with a smile and quiet thanks, checking it again, just to be sure. It's no more than a whisper in your mind, but sepulchral and chilling nevertheless: *Arzt Kochen*.

All the more so because you have a person's name to associate with that. Asuka Yuuri.

Kazumi claps her hands, the sound like a gunshot and enough to make you start. "Listen up, everyone!" she says, looking around at her friends. "Now - we're going to join our friends who are already searching for Anri Airi. Stay in contact, stay in pairs, alright?"

Mami has a proud smile on her face, and you grin at her. She ducks her head, and moves over to hug you instead as you all start heading to the roof. Without prompting, Hijiri trails after you. Niko takes wing first, with Mirai held securely in her arms.

Sayaka stands off to the side, gripping the edge of her cloak and frowning. A sharp jerk, and a twirl to the side, and there's a second Sayaka there, who grins at the original and holds up a hand for a high-five. Sayaka creates another clone and they both take off, before nodding at Saki. The platinum-blonde clenches her fist, and vanishes in a blazing crackle of lightning.

Sayaka takes to the air after the streak of electricity, cape fluttering behind her like wings.

Kazumi and you both have your own platforms ready, and you take to the skies.

"*Don't forget to call in if you find Anri,*" you note. "*We have the advantage of numbers, so we should make use of that as much as possible, right? And- please, I know you all have your grievances against her, but I want to try and *talk* to her. She sounds desperate, more *hurt* than crazy. I'm here to *fix* things - what kind of magical girl would I be, if I didn't try to talk her down?*"

"*Agreed. Call in for backup if you find her,*" Kazumi says. "*Satomi, Miss Mikuni, any updates?*"

"*We've been checking the parks,*" Satomi responds. "*No luck so far.*"

"*Similarly none,*" Oriko responds.

You nod, frowning, and glance back at Hijiri. "Comfy back there?" you call.

"I suppose," she grumbles.

You eye her for a second. She's definitely got something on her mind, now that she doesn't have anything to focus on. You're not naive enough to simply leave her unwatched, metaphorically speaking, so you keep enough of your Grief fog near her to pick up on subvocalization, if she is.

Mami nestles against your side. "This is almost familiar," she muses quietly.

"Hmm?" you ask, wrapping your arm around her waist as you dip lower to the ground. It's almost frustrating - the sun is well and truly *up* now, and you can't get too low to the ground even with your new and improved nanoscale camouflage.

"I've had to handle magical girls trying to attack me before," Mami says. "It was long ago."

"I can imagine," you say, smiling and poking her on the tip of her nose. "Who'd dare to attack Tomoe Mami now, right?"

Mami shakes her head. "It was lonely," she says, exhaling. "But I have you now."

"You do," you agree with quiet assurance, taking her hand and squeezing gently.

You spend a few moments in companionable silence, soaking in both each others' presence, and the city rolling past beneath you. You can, perhaps, see Sayaka's flight platform off in the distance, or maybe that's just your imagination. Kazumi's coordinating with telepathic murmurs a careful, fan-shaped sweep filled in by zigzagging across your areas of search until you catch up with the search parties already out.

"*Just so you know,*" you murmur, casting a careful look over your shoulder. "*I... do you remember, when I told you that there was information I knew that could be... deeply upsetting?*"

Mami goes still in your arms. "*Yes?*"

"*I think Anri might know some of it too,*" you say. "*Just... I wanted to warn you. I might have to shut her up quickly.*"

"*Oh,*" Mami says, cuddling closer to you. "*Alright. I- I trust you, Sabrina. It's... the same, right?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say, surveying the city below. You're passing over a park, lush greenery surrounding a large pond. "*You said, back then, that you were OK with not knowing. And... it's dangerous knowledge, in a way.*"

Mami nods, ducking her head against your side.

"*I'm not sure how to protect the Pleiades,*" you admit, curling your arm firmly around her. "*It... I don't know how to tell them in a way that doesn't make them *curious* about it.*"

"*I think you made a good start,*" Mami says, taking a careful breath. "*Suggesting that everyone group up before moving in. But it's not a guarantee...*" She bites her lip. "*Maybe you should ask Miss Mikuni to tell them explicitly that Anri is too dangerous to face without backup?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say, frowning. "*It could work, since we've mentioned that she's a seer.*"

Mami nods, nestling closer.

"*I'll think about it,*" you decide, and shift smoothly to speak out loud. "Do you have any ideas on how to find Anri?"

"Not in Asunaro. I know Mitakihara City like the back of my own hand, so..." Mami says, shaking her head. "I could guess at hiding places, or I would wait for them to come to me." She sighs. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be," you say, hugging her a little closer.

"I wouldn't mind trying your idea, with the ribbons to boost your range?" Mami suggests, and blushes. "It would, um. Probably take most of my attention, though."

... you're pretty sure Hijiri's communicating via telepathy. Again.

\*\*Voting opens **Nov 30, 2017 at 11:00 AM
\[] Talk to Hijiri
\- \[] Confront her about the telepathy
\- \[] Prompt her about Niko
\- \[] Something else?
\[] Searching
\- \[] Conventional searching, per Kazumi's directive
\- \[] Grief sensor plus ribbon boost
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Apologies for how late this update is. Been a crazy few days.
