# Highway 17 pt. 18

"*I think that might be good,*" you decide with a smile at Mami. "*I'll release the channeling for now, and we'll set down and try that, yeah? Help me let Kazumi and the others know?*"

You exhale slowly, and ease your magic back as you slow the mobile oppression fortress down. The jellyfish-tendrils of Mami's ribbon net hang unseen past an apartment building, but that's fine. Mami sighs, and nestles into your side as you turn your attention to Hijiri. "Gimme a moment to think about that," you say, raising a finger.

You take a moment to turn over responses in your head lightning-fast, contemplating and discarding various approaches for how to answer her question. She asked *you* what *you'd* suggest, but she's not you, and what you'd do need not be what *she* could do. So what would you sugges-

What *she* could do.

What she *could* do.

What she could and *has* been doing is communicating with Anri.

And she... suddenly speaks up *now*? You don't look around, you don't want to give the game away despite the creeping feeling up your spine that she's *up* to something. Here you are, near the southeastern-most fringe of Asunaro, where she'd said that Yuuri was, and now she's trying to... distract you?

It could be a trap. It *could* be.

"I think... honestly, I think the first thing that you need to do is get Niko off your back with the creepy vicarious stalking," you say, and hold up your free hand. "I know you've been trying. I'll throw my weight behind it, too, if you want? I think it might help. If... well, you want to stay in Asunaro, right? With your family?"

And at the same time, still holding Hijiri's gaze, you squeeze Mami's hand. "*Act natural,*" you breathe into telepathy, and then cast the net out wider.

"*I think Anri might be nearby,*" you say - to Mami, Sayaka, to the Kures, to the Saints. You can feel Mami tense ever so slightly, so minuscule you wouldn't have noticed it if she weren't cuddled up to your side. "*I *think*. It's more a guess than anything else.*"

"*Are* they even my family?" Hijiri asks bitterly, scrubbing at her eyes with the heel of her hand.

"Sure they are," you say, starting to descend slowly to the apartment building below. You make a show of leaning forward to look around, to check that it's clear - of course, you already *know* that it's clear, every part of the rooftop mapped out in nanoscopic particles of Grief. "Family is blood, yes, and I don't doubt you share that, and hey. Family is also what you *choose*. I don't know 'em, but you tell me. You want to stay with them, right?"

"*What?*" Kazumi yells, all but right in your virtual ear. "*Where?*"

"*It's just a guess,*" you say urgently, not letting any of the internal conversation show on your face as you watch Hijiri grimace. "*Just based on how Hijiri's acting. Don't spook her, if she's here.*"

"*We have forewarning,*" Mami says, absolute steel in her voice. "*If she attacks us, we'll be fine - at least for a minute or two until you arrive.*"

"*We'll get closer?*" Sayaka asks. "*So we can back you up if need be.*"

"*I'm moving in!*" Mirai barks, ferocity lighting her normally demure voice.

"*Mirai, no, hold off!*" Kazumi snaps. "*Remember what Miss Oriko said!*"

Hijiri hasn't responded, so you decide to continue. Kazumi can handle that. "I mean... look, I'm just guessing here," you say slowly as you finally set down. "But I'm pretty sure you don't want to play along with Niko. Your family is your family, but staying with them *feels* like it's exactly what she wants, right?"

Mami squeezes your hand gently. "*I'll start now, while you talk. We want to distract her, right?*"

"*We do,*" you agree warmly.

"Yeah," Hijiri says, voice clipped. "Why have we stopped?"

"We're trying something new," you note, watching her warily. You have your doubts that Anri can actually manage to sneak up on you, but a surprise attack from Hijiri *and* Anri at the same time?

You have Grief surrounding her, ready to lock her in place on a moment's notice. You'd be *very* disappointed in her if she did anything, though a touch less disappointed with Anri if *she* does something. You get the impression that Hijiri doesn't really have any *control* over Anri, just the both of them egging each other on.

"Ah," Hijiri says, and subsides.

"So, I mean - you want to stay with your family, but have you ever thought about studying overseas? Or even just a vacation or something like that?" you suggest, waiting for Mami's go ahead. You can feel her ribbons lifting and spreading, winding invisibly through the streets in an ever growing network. "You'd still be with your family, but *not* under Niko's thumb."

Hijiri's scowl deepens, hunching her shoulders. She's thinking about it, you think.

"I'm ready," Mami says, and you beam at her.

"Alright," you say, nodding. "Hijiri, I might be a bit distracted, but I'm still listening, alright?"

You take a breath, and send your magic coursing into Mami's ribbon. She makes a quiet noise, and practically melts against your side - but you can feel the thin undercurrent of tension strung through her body, still alert for an ambush despite everything. You've experienced it before, and you *know* how overwhelming it is.

You suppress your smirk of pride as your awareness *expands*, channelled into Mami's ribbons to wind and tangle through the city.

"You-" you don't *quite* have to fake the gasp. Madokami above, Mami's range is easily into *kilometers*.

*There*.

"You don't have to worry about cleansing either," you mumble over the glowing beacon in your mind. The connection is almost a jolt that goes right through your mind. The vengeful wraith. "I mean, I can supply cleansing, as long as you want it."

That's Anri, alright. Moving closer to you, too, but out of *your* range.

"Cut it out," Hijiri says, voice quiet as her hands clench into white-knuckled fists. You can feel her magic coiling wire-taut, almost crackling under her skin. "You found her, didn't you?"

"*Sabrina,*" Mami warns in the moment of breathless silence.

\*\*Voting opens **Dec 7, 2017 at 11:00 AM
- [ ] Ribbon network
  - [ ] Release
  - [ ] Maintain it
- [ ] Hijiri
  - [ ] Talk?
  - [ ] Act?
- [ ] Anri
  - [ ] Ask Mami to grab her from a distance
  - [ ] Move in to talk
  - [ ] Move in to grab her yourself
- [ ] Pleiades, Sayaka, and Oriko
  - [ ] Ask them to move in
  - [ ] Ask to let you handle it
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Calm before the storm.
