# Highway 17 pt. 19

*Idiot* girl.

A frozen second in time.

You're looking right at Hijiri as her body blazes into lightning. But she's not faster than *thought*. Somehow.

Grief answers your call. Grief saturates the air, enough to freeze the air around her, ahead of the streaking bolts of lightning-

And then you stop. Your mind races with a thousand scenarios in an instant-

If she teleports and you capture her Gem-

No.

You have time to glance to Mami, in that endless space between seconds, but *she* is flinching away. Just in time. You can see lightning crackling up the invisible ribbon, a trailing streamer snapping out, but Mami snaps the ribbon in time and then-

Hijiri is gone.

"Dammit," you snarl viciously. You couldn't risk trying to capture *lightning*, when her Soul Gem was still there. You couldn't risk *accidentally* Gemming her when her power ripped her body away? Her fundamental issue is *control*, and the lack of it she feels she has. Intentionally or not, she took *herself* hostage and won the battle of wills. "*Idiot* girl."

"That way!" Mami says, launching to her feet. You catch her by the arm.

"No- Anri first," you say. "Unless you can get her by ribbons?"

Mami's expression flickers for a second, and she bites her lip. "No. I can't tell where she is. Sorry."

"It's fine," you say. "Anri, now."

Mami nods sharply, expression firming. "You're sure?"

"Yeah," you say, already leaping across to the next building. No flight platform this time - you need the relative stealth, so you let it dissolve behind you. You reach out by telepathy, at the same time. "*Y'know, Hijiri,*" you say almost conversationally. "*When I woke up in that alley with no memory, my goals looked pretty damned impossible too. I can sympathise with your position. But this, Hijiri? You're just going to give up?*"

"*I'm not giving up!*" Hijiri snarls back at you. "*I'm taking what I want!*"

You sigh, the sound snatched away by the wind. "Mami, do remember to stay back?" you call to her, tilting your head back far enough to smile reassuringly at her.

"Dangerous information, yes," Mami agrees with a tight, strained smile. "I'll support you at range."

"*In the hardest way possible,*" you say with finality as you vector for Anri. It's some relief that Hijiri's still responding to you. "*I mean come *on*, Hijiri. You're a smart girl. I mean, of *course* I can't give you what you want. But I can do my *damnedest* to put it within reach for you for you to *take*. But I don't even know what you want, not with you being all coy about it.*"

"*I already am,*" Hijiri snaps back.

"*At the very least, do me a favour,*" you say. Mami speeds past you, taking the lead. "*Grill Kyuubey. Not literally. Maybe literally, if you want. But I think you'll find that the 'can's and 'can't's of the world are very different from what it might imply. Misdirection and omission are its favourite tools - its job is to *hurt* people.*"

And you reach out for the Pleiades. Sayaka, Oriko, and Kirika, too. "*Anri found. Closing in on her right now.*"

"*OK,*" Kazumi says. "*Sabrina, get Anri. We're coming.*"

"*She's here,*" Mami murmurs, landing in a light crouch. She shifts, balanced lightly on the balls of her feet, standing stock still. Her fingers are tense, curled lightly at her sides like an Old West gunslinger about to draw - not that inaccurate a mental image, either.

"*Got her,*" you respond, expression setting hard as you skid to a halt beside Mami.

Apartment buildings, densely packed and tall and just a little grimy. The street passes far below you. A terrible place for a fight if you want to keep things quiet and inconspicuous, but as long as nobody else gets hurt, everything else is Kyuubey's problem.

You sense her. Far below you, skulking *inside* the building. "*Fifteen floors down. Lure her out?*"

"*I don't think she's coming out,*" Mami says. "*She's hiding here- for a reason?*"

"*Cut her off, then?*" you say. "*I'll go inside the building and drive her to the roof?*"

Mami bites her lip. "*No. You go inside, I'll scale the side of the building. I can't support you from up here.*"

You nod sharply. It'll do, and it'll keep Mami away from any uncomfortable revelations. You give her a quick hug, tapping a hand to her Soul Gem to draw forth a streamer of Grief. Just in case.

She grabs you by the wrist for a second. Golden ribbon lashes into a delicate, seamless bracelet, and she smiles at you.

You grin back at her, and hurl yourself off the rooftop. "*If the fight gets drawn out, we'll try and pull her south?*"

"*Stay safe, Sabrina,*" Mami responds. You can feel her rappelling down the side of the building on a ribbon.

"*You too.*" You respond, and ping out a message to everyone else by telepathy as you crash to a landing. "*Anri's gone to ground inside an apartment building. She's trapped.*"

"*We're coming!*" Niko responds, echoed by the rest of the Pleiades.

You're stymied for a second by a locked door, but just for a moment until you coalesce Grief from your utility fog to spin the tumbler. The door slides open, and you barrel in to find the fire escape stairwell. Perfect. You pull the fog in close - it's hard to sense, but you don't want to give Hijiri a warning until you get in close.

You take the stairs three at a time, hurling yourself upwards.

Something's wrong.

Mami explodes off the walls, leaping clear away to the building on the far side of the street.

"*Mami?*" you hiss, terror creeping into your voice as you sway. You'd sensed no attack, and you're far away, too far to get to her in time if anything happened-

Mami nearly *misses* latching onto the building. She makes it, just, ribbons lashing out at the last second.

"*Something making me drowsy,*" she gasps. "*Gas?*"

*Damn*. Wait-

"Gas-" you mutter, and the words come out just a touch slurred. Adrenaline floods your body, ahead of a wave of magic that burns through the cloudy fog just barely beginning to settle in.

Horrified logic cascades through your mind - the Anri you remember was utterly *callous* with human life. She knocked out Niko without her detection, she nearly got Mami, and she's not within your range but still able to direct the effect which means she must be *inside* the building near the ground floor-

"*I've got it,*" Mami says, taking deep breaths. "*I can handle this. Our- our bodies, we don't need-*"

"*I'll go,*" you say, aching to sweep her into a hug. "*I can handle it.*"

"*Sabrina,*" she says, and you can feel her smile, sharp and focused. "*I've *got* it. And people are in danger.*"

"*Alright.*" You acquiesce, sending bright, fierce pride back at her despite your terror. That's your Mami.

Knockout gas... except there's no such thing. There's *carefully calculated doses of anaesthesia calibrated to every person*, yes. Anesthesiologists are one of the most highly paid medical professionals, and for good reason. Coma, death, permanent health damage...

You can feel Mami swinging back to the building on her ribbons.

You force yourself to ignore anything you might be inhaling. It doesn't matter. You don't actually need your brain to think, nor your muscles to move, and you're closing in on her. Seventh floor, moving. Heading upwards to the roof. Which means she's noticed you coming for her.

Fine.

You spin to a halt at the next landing, coat swirling around you as you yank the doors open. One, two, and then you're out in the corridor. Your Grief fog floods out ahead of you in a roiling cloud as you scan the wall. There. You spot the fire alarm immediately, and jab two fingers into the activation switch. Break glass in case of emergency - well, it is. The siren immediately begins to wail.

"*Hit the fire alarm,*" you call. You can feel Anri startle from the noise - and then move with alacrity up the stairs. The opposite set of stairs from you, at a guess. She's well within your Grief fog now, and-

She's not alone.

You can feel the outline of another human with her. Male, older. He's hanging limp, dragged by Anri.

You explode into a dead sprint. "*She has someone with her,*" you bark.

"*A hostage?*" Mami asks.

"*I don't know,*" you say, throwing yourself forward. "*Almost there!*"

"*Us too!*" Mirai yells.

"*Go, Sabrina,*" Mami murmurs to you. "*I've got you covered.*"

Different definitions of almost there, but OK. Overwhelming speed and force. But you need to *see* what Anri's doing to that man. If she took him as a hostage, she must have something in mind, if not... You don't know. You're *actually* almost there, the door of the stairwell looming just ahead of you. Just a moment to check and then *take her down*. She *hurt* Mami.

You slam through the double doors. Gas, noxious and cloying but *irrelevant* bursts in your face, and you have a split second impression of massive blonde twintails and a crazed grin and a syringe gun held to a man's head *fucking idiot girl-*

"Back off!" Anri shrieks, high and *cracked*.

Grief. Grief freezes out of the air around the man, a diamond-hard protective shell and one plate right under the syringe gun to stop up the barrel and yank it off target-

"*Incoming,*" Mami murmurs, and the world shatters.

The shot smashes open the door behind you. The thunderclap of the shell nearly knocks you off your feet and slams full on into Anri and hurls her against the far wall with a *crack* of broken bone and golden ribbon bursting into a cocoon. You slap Grief over her mouth as she slumps bonelessly to the ground. Just in case, though it feels almost redundant, and-

How on *earth* did Mami make that shot? You spare a glance backwards, through the double doors of the stairwell lobby, all the way down the common corridor at an angle, and there's Mami at the shattered window on the opposite side of the building suspended by ribbons with Tiro Finale cannon cradled in her arms.

And then you feel something fast and *large* hurtling towards the building. On your side of the building. The entire building shudders with the impact, nearly as powerful as Mami's shot - and then with a rumble of shattering stonework, a huge paw breaks *through* the wall to sieze Anri, clawed fingers wrapping around her torso and hefting her up.

"*Got her,*" Mirai snarls as you make out the balefully glowing eyes and fanged maw on the opposite side of the wall, belonging to one of her war-teddies.

The fire alarm wails on.

**Voting opens**Dec 17, 2017 at 11:00 AM

- [ ] Vacate the building
  - [ ] To?
- [ ] Mami
  - [x] Praise
  - [ ] Warn her to stay away
- [ ] Mirai
  - [ ] ... Excuse you?
  - [ ] Warn her to back off
- [ ] Pleiades
  - [ ] What do you say?
- [ ] Anri
  - [ ] Unconscious, broken ribs, cracked skull
  - [ ] What do you say to her?
  - [ ] Ask Oriko and Kirika to talk to her
- [ ] The man
  - [ ] Unconscious, seemingly unharmed
- [ ] The building
  - [ ] ???
- [ ] Hijiri
  - [ ] What do you say?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 250 words)

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [ ] Telepathy the Pleiades, Sayaka, Mami: Hijiri, it would seem, has the entire powerset, including teleportation and fast transit. Why she didn't just break that out the first time you have no idea, but you completely failed to anticipate it and you had no way to stop her without excessive force, which... you don't think Niko would have wanted. Anri is caught and has the clear seed with her.
- [ ] Meet up? Anri will keep but you should probably discuss Hijiri.

---​

It's good to be back in the saddle!
