# Highway 17 pt. 21

You blow out a breath. The who is *easy*, isn't it? Kyuubey. Perhaps using a cat's paw, in the form of Anri. And then you've got to break it to Kazumi and company. At least you have Mami on your side. Literally, as well as metaphorically. You draw strength from her presence.

Of course, you can't *start* with the lichbomb, even if it's a fact of magical girl life... Speaking of which.

"*Sayaka? Remember to keep your Soul Gem clean,*" you say to Sayaka. "*You're doing fantastic work, but take care of yourself, OK? Ease up on the clones if you have to.*"

"*I got this,*" Sayaka says. "*I *got* this, Sabrina. And I have your Clear Seed right here. Trust me!*"

"*OK,*" you say. "*You're doing fantastic work, as I said. But make sure you don't forget about yourself.*"

Mami squeezes your hand as you end that conversation. You squeeze back, trying to convey as much reassurance as you can: you'll be treading dangerous, touchy waters from now.

You look at Kazumi, meeting her eyes, and then Niko's. Kazumi's stares right back, expression still settled into careful neutrality, while Niko just looks miserable, clinging to Kazumi's arm for support.

"This isn't going to be a nice explanation," you say.

"We can take nasty," Kazumi says, waving it off. Her eyes flicker over to Mami, questioning, but resolute.

"Kyuubey," you say simply. Mami's hand tightens on yours.

"What?" Kazumi says, flinching.

"Kyuubey is more than willing to try to coerce people into making contracts," you say. You're watching Niko as you explain. As much as anything else, this conversation is for *her*. "It doesn't lie, as far as I know, but it's willing to mislead and manipulate girls into becoming magical girls."

"That can't be right!" Kazumi protests, eyes wide. "I- I mean he's Kyuubey!"

"Yes, it is," you say, your attention on Niko. "I have a friend back home, Madoka. You met her at the lunch? Kyuubey has been pursuing her, trying to make her become a magical girl, and it's perfectly happy to mislead her for it."

You give them a moment to absorb that, reaching out instead by telepathy. "*Oriko? Kirika?*"

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" Oriko says, composed as ever.

"*So... two things. Anri's out right now, but do you think maybe you could talk to her when she's up?*" you ask. "*You know the info and the infohazards, as it were, and you're a new, neutral-ish face.*"

"*Certainly,*" Oriko says. "*Talk her down from her mad crusade, and into peace terms.*"

"*I wouldn't put it like that, but more or less,*" you say. "*I'll offer extra thoughts when I figure it out?*"

"*Certainly,*" Oriko repeats. "*What was the other matter?*"

"*Ah, yeah - Kirika, do you think you could make an antimagic enchantment of some kind to hold Anri?*" you ask.

"*Handcuffs?*" Kirika drawls.

"*... do you *have* handcuffs?*" you ask.

"*Nah, just wanted to see what your reaction would be,*" Kirika says. "*I can do an antimagic thingy, but you'll need to actually tie her up or whatever since I don't have anything tough enough.*"

"*Yeah, not a problem,*" you agree. "*Thanks, both of you.*"

"*No prob!*" Kirika says cheerfully, echoed more sedately by Oriko.

You turn your attention back to Kazumi and Niko, watching them carefully. *Niko* doesn't actually seem surprised, attention focused on you.

"You're saying Kyuubey misled Hijiri," Niko says finally, with that distant look that says she's more thinking aloud than actually asking anything. "You asked what I might do if I knew\... certain things, but not the rest. What would *I* do if I were being surveilled constantly at range by someone for purposes... allegedly for my own good?"

"You'd run," Kazumi says, clasping Niko's hand between two of her own. "Run and hide... and you'd try to distance yourself from us, to protect us. Because you're a silly girl."

"No. I'd act normal, first. And then, when I was sure I *could*, I'd run. And later, I'd come back for revenge," Niko says. "I'm spiteful as hell. *Shit*."

"But... Kyuubey?" Kazumi asks. Her eyes flicker over to Anri for a second.

"It's true," Mami says, bowing her head rather than look at Kazumi. You release her hand, so that you can wrap your arm around her waist instead, hugging her close. "I... I was a victim of that. Sabrina saved me."

"It wants magical girls," Niko mumbles, half to herself. Her eyes go to Mami, and then to Anri. "So it points people into a recruiting role?"

"Yes. It's perfectly happy to manipulate events and present facts to its own benefit," you state.

"I was a figurehead for *it* for so long," Mami says, exhaling slowly. "I..."

"It's not so bad," Kazumi says, shaking her head. "I... I suppose that's how I wound up meeting Niko and everyone else."

Mami bites her lip, looking away. You tighten your hug around her a little, trying to reassure her - she's thinking about the facts of life, for a puella magi. So are you, but it's not something you bring up lightly. Not to Japanese, anyway. Cultural hangups are odd things, but you'll respect them, and perhaps you'll find a time later. You need Kazumi's permission, anyway.

"I think..." Niko whispers, every word spoken as if torn from her. "I think you did the right thing. Letting Hijiri go."

"I hope so," you admit with a sigh. "I don't... I could only guess, right? I thought that just *stopping* her would have just fed all those toxic ideas she had."

"About being an experiment," Niko says, voice hollow.

"We can fix that," Kazumi says. "As long as she comes back."

"She'll be back," Niko murmurs. "I would be."

Kazumi sighs, and pulls Niko into a hug. The blonde girl slumps bonelessly into her arms, twintails almost seeming to wilt.

"Give us a moment, Mami, Sabrina?" Kazumi asks.

"Of course," Mami says, standing. You rise with her, taking her hand as you vault over the side of the platform to the rooftop below - a different one than the one you'd caught Anri in, but not so far off that you can't see the hole in the wall of that one, or the blinking lights of the fire trucks clustering in the streets below.

"*Sayaka, Mirai, the fire department's here,*" you note. "*Guessing you already know, but just to be sure?*"

"*Yep!*" Sayaka says, sounding cheerful by contrast to Mirai's sullen grumble.

You look away, turning your attention to Mami, and give her a warm smile. You didn't touch directly on anything painful, but you trod close to it - and Mami held up well, regardless. And Mami was awesome, earlier.

"Hey," you murmur. "Are you alright?"

"As long as you're here," Mami whispers, burrowing under your arm and smiling back at you.

"I am," you say, and pull back a little. You move your hands to her shoulders, holding her at arm's length so you can beam at her. "So."

"Mm?" she asks, looking at you.

"Mami, you are *awesome*," you squeal, letting the grin finally break. "That shot back there - that was *amazing*! Just - you could barely even *see* us, and you still hit Anri without even coming close to me! That was- I don't even know, how do you always manage to do something *more* amazing every single time?"

Mami blushes. "It- it wasn't anything special," she says.

"Yes, it absolutely *was*," you insist, your smile stretching from ear to ear. "You're wonderful, Mami. You're breathtakingly beautiful, and smart, and kind, and compassionate, and every time I turn around you find some new way to impress me with how *badass* you are."

Mami blushes even redder, making a little squeaking noise before throwing herself forward, wrapping her arms around your midriff and hugging you tightly. You hug her right back, leaning forward to bury your face in her hair, and you savour the moment.

The world has all its issues, waiting and jostling for your attention, but for now, for just a moment, you have peace.

You notice magical girls approaching by roofhopping, and spare them a glance - Satomi and Umika, which would be everyone. They stop at a respectful distance, linking up instead with Mirai and Kaoru two roofs over, and settle down. They seem perfectly content to wait.

Finally, Kazumi lands on the roof, Niko standing with a straight back if reddened eyes.

"We'll look for Hijiri," Kazumi says, focusing on you. "To talk, not to fight. Do you have any suggestions for Anri? Ordinarily, I'd throw her out of the city, but..."

\*\*Voting opens **Dec 27, 2017 at 11:00 AM
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Privately, Kazumi: You noticed she was pretty guarded just now and how seriously she took Oriko's warning. If she has any major worries, it should be safe to talk about them with yourself or the Kures, though not Mami or Sayaka.

\=====​

And we're back. I hope everyone had a good Christmas, or other appropriate holiday!
