# Highway 17 pt. 24

You rock back on your heels, relief flooding you. *Thank Madokami*. She knows. She *knows*. It makes *sense* that she would know, and she *does*.

"Um," Niko says, alarm washing over her face. "Did you not know that?"

"No, no, I did," you say, waving your hands. "Just- a pleasant relief."

Niko nods cautiously, watching you. "I suppose it must be."

"I'm fine," you say, snorting, and tap your Soul Gem. "Really. I found out... well, not that long ago in absolute terms, but it feels like forever. I know, and I accept it... though, uh. You don't *quite* have it right. Or, well, there's a second, related infohazard that I'm guessing you don't know? It's less dangerous, though."

"Oh?" Niko's eyebrows meet in the middle of her forehead.

"Yeah. I... well, you can choose not to know," you say, shaking your head. "It's not... nice. And, uh, I'll be happy to cleanse your Soul Gem, of course."

"Same choice I gave Kazumi, and everyone else," Niko murmurs, looking down for a second before giving you a resigned smile. "Hit me."

"The term 'Soul Gem' is literal," you say, watching Niko carefully. Just as *she's* watching *you*, but then, *you* have your power poised at the back of your mind, ready to cleanse Niko as necessary. "When you make a contract, Kyuubey extracts our Souls and turns them into rocks."

The blood drains out of Niko's face. You immediately reach out with your mind and with your *will*, but... there isn't *much* Grief simmering in her Soul Gem. You pull it free anyway, dissolving it into your Grief Cloud.

"S-so-" Niko starts, and trails off. "I- our Souls. Our Soul *Gems*. When they fill up with *Grief*-"

"They turn into Grief Seeds, and a Witch is born," you confirm.

"Ah," Niko says weakly. Her legs fold under her, and she collapses to the ground, hugging herself.

You kneel, immediately, touching her shoulder gently. Her Soul Gem... well. *There* it is. You start siphoning free the Grief, letting it dissolve into seemingly thin air.

"I'm sorry," you say. "I... would you like a hug?"

"You c-control *Grief*," Niko manages with a hiccuping laugh, giving you a grin that's just on *this* side of hysterical. "Y-you must've known from the *s-start*."

"I did, yeah," you admit with a sigh. "I'm not Kazumi, but... really. Do you need a hug?"

Even as you say it, you don't *think* she does. The surge of Grief is ebbing as she fights for control of herself.

"*Fuck*," Niko sighs tiredly, curling up to hug her knees. "No... no, I'm good."

"You sure?" you say, monitoring her Soul Gem with some concern.

"Yeah," Niko says. "Tell me more."

"When you're really high on Grief, you're... well, Grief in your Soul Gem affects *you*. You despair further, and because you're despairing, it never ends, and you slide further. It becomes a vicious cycle," you say. You can remember the once upon a never of Sayaka's fall. "I call it a Grief spiral, and unless someone pulls you out of it?"

"Your Soul Gem fills up," Niko answers your rhetorical question, voice hollow and tired. "You become a Witch. And you *eat* people until some other magical girl comes along, unknowing, and finally puts you down. And then uses your *Soul* to keep themselves alive."

"Pretty much," you say.

"It's flawless," Niko says.

"Well. Kyuubey's been at it for a long, *long* time," you say. "If you believe what it says, we'd still be living in caves if it hadn't intervened, and it intervened *because* it wants us to turn into Witches."

Sharp golden eyes flicker to you.

"Energy," you say. "I don't know if *it* said this to you, but apparently it sometimes says this: Your soul has reduced entropy."

"*Entropy*?" Niko asks, sitting up straight. "But-"

"Yeah, well... if you listen to it, and I don't know if I absolutely believe it myself, it uses the energy from us becoming magical girls, and from magical girls turning into Witches, and from Grief Seeds, to fight *entropy*," you say. "Emotions are apparently nearly unheard of, and we warp reality *because* we have emotions. The light of our souls, the glow of *hope* and miracles."

"... but entropy is..." Words fail Niko, and she opens her hands, gesturing wordlessly at the air.

"K-b ln omega?" you suggest, with a thin smile. "Yeah, I don't know if I completely believe what it says, as I mentioned. I mean, the least charitable but still true interpretation of its words is that it's collecting energy to metaphorically keep the lights lit back home. That's *technically* fighting entropy. And the most generous is maybe that Grief Seeds are being used as the core of giant mecha to power the drill that will pierce the heavens."

You manage to startle a snort from Niko for that.

"Yeah, like I'd believe that," she says. "Kyuubey, eh..."

"How much do you trust it?" you ask. "I mean, I suppose you *did*, ah, demonstrate some rather stark disdain for it, but just to clear the air."

"Not in the slightest. I actually have, uh, a *replacement* for it in the lab. Built it with a Kyuubey corpse," Niko says mildly. "Ever since... well, discovering the whole thing about Witches."

You check her Soul Gem again before speaking, trying to squash the sudden alarm bells in your head. Oriko warned you about this - about Jyuubey. It would be your enemy, for some unfathomable reason. "Uh."

Niko tilts her head questioningly at you.

"Um," you say. "Can I... can I ask that you *not* activate it? Or not without letting me know well in advance? I, uh... I have information from Oriko that bad things will happen."

"Your seer friend?" Niko says, expression twitching. She scratches her head, doffing her aviator hat to reveal messy blonde hair. "I can do that. Any specifics?"

"Not as such," you say. "Her visions tend to be blurry, and I'm pretty sure she deliberately cultivates an air of mystique. Oracle and everything, you know?"

Niko rolls her eyes. "I'll let you know."

"Thanks," you say, smiling weakly. "Sorry I can't be more specific."

"To answer your earlier question, Kyuubey's a bastard," Niko says. "Horrible little shitfuck of a vulture."

"Mmmhm," you agree "It doesn't lie explicitly, as far as I can tell, but its favourite tactics are lying with the truth and misdirection, and, y'know, inciting conflict."

"Hijiri," Niko says, looking away from you. Looking through the hazy walls of your privacy field, and out across the city. "Yeah."

"She won't leave the city," you murmur. "You said so yourself, right?"

"I didn't, actually," Niko says. "I said if it were me, I'd be back for revenge. Nothing about whether I'd run out of the city." She sighs. "That said, no probably not. I just-"

She groans, burying her face in her hands. "I-I- don't *deserve* happiness. This... this half-life, this *shit* with Kyuubey," she whispers. "I don't... I'm- she's hurting now. She's stuck with this. It's not right. It's not *right*."

"The hell you don't deserve happiness," you say, and smirk faintly. "Bet Kazumi would agree with me."

"You don't know what she'd say," Niko snaps back, but her shoulders slump.

"I know her well enough to say that she wouldn't agree with you," you say calmly.

"She's too good for me," Niko mutters bitterly. "I don't..."

"Oh, bullshit you don't," you say.

"I don't- I'm not even telling her about *this*!" Niko snaps, waving her hand at her Soul Gem. "I- I kil- I'm not a good person!"

"You gave her a choice," you say. "Funnily enough, I gave Mami the same choice, too. And they both chose not to know."

Niko makes a bitter, disagreeing noise.

"I'm not gonna hold myself up as some moral paragon," you say. "And I'm not gonna try and *tell* you what to do with Hijiri. But I hope to find some way you can *both* be happy."

Niko sighs, hugging herself. "Can we... can we go back to talking about Kyuubey? I just-"

"If that's what you want," you say. You spare a sliver of attention to cleanse her Soul Gem again, and clap her on the shoulder. "Well. I know how hard it is to keep such a terrible secret from everyone you care about. As I said... Mami doesn't want to know, either. But. You're not alone in this. I know, Oriko knows, Kirika knows, and Homura knows - you haven't met her yet, but yeah. We share this burden."

Niko closes her eyes, rubbing her knuckles over her eyelids. "I guess," she says. "That helps."

"Then, well..." you shrug. "I don't believe that's the end of things. I believe there *must* be a way to reverse Witchouts. I mean, we're *magical girls*. Miracles and the impossible are our stock in trade."

"Tch," Niko grunts. "Would be nice if it were that simple."

You poke through your pockets, and locate Hildegarde's Clear Seed. "I believe this is a start," you say. "But just that. A start."

"Your Clear Seeds?" Niko asks.

"I drain all the Grief out of a Grief Seed," you say. "And... I don't know if there's anyone else on the planet with powers that can tell, but a Grief Seed is *alive*, in some way. The Witch is still in there, and Clear Seeds are *different*. They're quiet. Peaceful, almost."

Niko gives Hildegarde a long, long look.

"That Grief Seed you wanted from Saki," she says finally. "Who was it?"

"Yuuri's," you say, blinking at the non-sequitur.

"Anri's friend. Shit," Niko says. "*Shit*fuckcuntdamn*piss*."

"Yeah, pretty much," you agree mildly.

"De-Witching," Niko says, apparently jumping back to the topic. "Considered it. Never really got anywhere. What *is* a Grief Seed?"

"The transformed state of a Soul Gem," you answer. "More than that, I don't know. I can't... I don't have data about the transformation, only the start and end states viewed through the lens of my own powers. I know a Grief Seed generates Grief very slowly, as does a Clear Seed. I know that the *core* of a Grief Seed is a tiny, tiny speck of Grief I can't touch. I know that when a Witch is defeated, the Grief Seed is the core into which its Barrier collapses."

"Is that speck the Soul?" Niko asks, with a rather *disturbed* look on her face. "If you can't touch it..."

"Maybe. I've been experimenting with channelling magic through magical constructs with Mami," you say, trying not to blush. "It... mmm, I'm hopeful?"

Niko gives you a narrow-eyed stare for a long, *long* moment before finally responding. "You too, huh?"

You blink, jaw working. You sort of want to ask, but at the same time, you sort of don't.

... yeah, no.

Niko clears her throat loudly, looking away. "So, you think it might work?"

"I don't know," you admit. "I don't know\... I've got a sample size of *two*, for the effects of mingling magic with another magical girl. Myself, and Mami. I *especially* don't know enough about Grief Seeds, and the effect of channelling magic into Clear Seeds. Hell, when I tried to channel magic into a Witch, I got... *bitten*, I suppose. Like, a jolt of *despair* right into me."

Niko tilts her head back, considering.

"You get an impression of the other person," she says slowly, blushing. "Of *them* in... human language lacks words to explain it. In, in a *transcendental* way."

"Yeah, pretty much," you say, nodding in agreement.

"... if the Grief Seed is... drowning in Grief, then wouldn't your impression be of overwhelming despair?" Niko points out.

"Which is exactly what I felt," you say, blinking. "Huh. Never thought about it in those terms before. I... you may be on to something, but I'm not sure *what*-"

You just happen to be staring over Niko's shoulder, at the hazy world beyond, at exactly the right time to notice Kirika emerging from the interrogation privacy sphere. She looks faintly frazzled, hunting around the rooftop before noticing *your* privacy field with Mami and Sayaka standing nearby.

She waves, obviously hollering a question and pointing at you. Mami nods, gesturing at you, and her eyes go wide as Kirika approaches it. She says something, obviously warning Kirika off, but Kirika shakes her head and steps forward regardless.

"Argh, timing. Hold that thought," you say to Niko, standing and stepping half out of the privacy sphere. "Something wrong, Kirika?"

"Yo, yeah, there's-" Kirika grimaces, and waves at the sphere. "Privacy?"

"Sure," you agree, darting a warm smile at Mami. She gives you an adoring look, to which Sayaka rolls her eyes.

Kirika steps inside the sphere. "Hey, blondie," she says, glancing at Niko and then hesitating. "Uh. You know about... the facts of life, right?"

"... yes, I do?" Niko says.

You slap your forehead, groaning. "Dammit, Kirika," you say. "I'm assuming you mean about Witches. Yes, that's why we're in here. Also, you're not allowed to call it 'the birds and the QBs'."

"Cool," Kirika says. "Right, so uh, you gave us Yuuri's Grief Seed, yeah?"

"Yeah?" you agree, not seeing where she's going with this.

"Yeah, so. Crazy bitch is convinced the Clear Seed is Yuuri's. Because it's *special*, Yuuri was *special*, so the *special* Grief Seed musta been hers," Kirika says. "She's, er, how do I put this. A bit annoyed we're trying to give her a fake? D'you have a Clear Seed we can pretend with, maybe?"

\*\*Voting opens **Jan 8, 2018 at 11:00 AM
- [ ] Anri
  - [ ] Lend/give Kirika a Clear Seed
    - [ ] Hildegarde
    - [ ] Apate (the Clear Seed given to the Pleiades)
    - [ ] Make a new one
- [ ] Niko
  - [ ] Science?
- [ ] Back to Mami and Sayaka
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Niko's going to tire of the science discussion relatively soon, and want to return to the rest of the constellation.
