# Highway 17 pt. 25

"How about I-" Your immediate instinct is to just clear another Seed right in front of Anri. It's *not* unique, and there's no reason it should be, but.

But.

You asked Oriko to handle this, and she's not an idiot. She *knows* you can clear Grief Seeds out, too, and she didn't ask you to do that. Kirika asked you if you had a spare that they could fake Anri out with. The least you can do is *trust* Oriko with something you asked her to.

"I could just clear another Grief Seed to demonstrate that Clear Seeds aren't unique," you say. It doesn't hurt to offer, after all. "I... well, I *could* and maybe should have cleared Arzt Kochen, but I wanted to leave it untouched... eh. You're sure you just need a Clear Seed?"

Kirika blinks, tapping her lip with a finger. "Oriko asked me to get one from you!" she says. "So yeah!"

"Right," you say, rubbing your forehead. "Er... will I get it back?"

"Yep!" Kirika says, beaming happily. "Oriko said 'ask if Sabrina has a spare Clear Seed we can borrow'. Borrowing means we return it later!"

"Right," you say, frowning thoughtfully at the other privacy sphere.

"'scuse me," Niko says, raising her hand. "Don't you think that lying to someone who already thinks you're lying to her is a bad idea?"

"Nah, nah," Kirika says. "Oriko has a plan! Iunno what it is, but my Oriko's always right!"

Niko arches an eyebrow into a deeply skeptical curve, and Kirika proceeds to ignore it with total aplomb.

You sigh, and pull Hildegard out of your pocket. "I'll want this back, ok?" you say, and flip the Seed at Kirika. "Ongoing experiment and all, but nothing that will affect using it right now."

The black haired girl snatches it out of the air. "Thanks!"

"Actually," you say, as a thought occurs to you. "Didn't I give you two a Clear Seed?"

A half rhetorical question, really. You can sense the Clear Seed on her, and just the one Soul Gem. Which is probably sensible. While it was absolutely adorable that Kirika carried both her and Oriko's Soul Gem when they were around the house, it'd be *generally* unwise to have Kirika carry both when outside. Like now.

"Ah? Ah, yeah, well-" Kirika frowns, thinking for a second before brightening. "She accuses us of lying to her, and we go 'yeah you're right, we had the real one riiiiiiiiight here all along, good job!' probably isn't going to work, right?"

"Yeah, I guess... yeah, that probably wouldn't go down well," you say, considering it. "Well, there you are. Anything else you need?"

"Naw, that's it!" Kirika says. "Thanks!"

She bounces out of the privacy sphere, and back towards Oriko.

"That seems..." Niko shrugs. "Well, I won't tell you how to run your side of things."

"I wouldn't tell *them* how to run their side of things either," you say evenly. "I asked them to do this. The least I can do is trust them and let them work it out. If something goes wrong, then, well. My turn, I guess."

Niko eyes you for a second, before shrugging once more.

"Speaking of things to do..." you say, frowning. "I feel like it might be worth trying the magic mingling on a Clear Seed."

"Are they different from normal ones?" Niko inquires, squirming around to curl her legs up in front of her, hugging her knees.

"Yeah, actually," you say. "They function the same for cleansing, as far as I can tell, but Clear Seeds... like, Grief Seeds are basically simmering in their own Grief and despair, right? Clear Seeds... aren't. They're calm, dormant, without the Grief."

"How can you tell?" Niko asks.

"My magic," you say. "I get a sense of them."

"I see," Niko says, frowning. "Can you quantify that?"

"Honestly, no more than you can quantify people, or more specifically the magic intermingling... emotion sharing... effect," you say. "That is to say, somewhat, but only in less than precise terms."

Niko's frown deepens. "I would like to investigate that, with your help," she says. "If you're amenable."

"I would be!" You grin. "I was going to ask, actually. I'm expecting a magical girl with Soul manipulation magic of some kind to arrive in Mitakihara. Her name is Riona Mag Aoidh, if you've heard of her? I only know her by reputation. Would you be interested in collaborating? I was thinking some kind of research network."

"It's not much of a network with only three people in it," Niko points out. "But I would be interested, yes."

You grin, wide and pleased. "Great!"

"What are your research goals?" Niko asks, dipping her chin to rest on her knees.

"De-witching, obviously," you say. "I admit, I don't know exactly how feasible it is. But it's definitely *on* the list, the other thing being mainly ethical substitutes for Grief Seeds."

"Some way of imbuing your Grief kinesis into a static object?" Niko mumbles. "It sounds like something you might be able to enchant."

"Exactly like that," you say. "Or *something*. Unfortunately, I've been having trouble learning it, even with Mami to tutor me. Mostly because of time constraints, I have to admit."

"Enchantment is versatile and exceedingly useful, but difficult to learn, in my experience," Niko says, eyes cast not on you but at a featureless patch of rooftop. "It doesn't help that it seems all but individualised in technique, so enchantment winds up being more artisanal rather than, ah, industrial."

"I've noticed," you grumble. "Any tips?"

"Practice," Niko says with a shrug, and pushes herself up to her feet. "If there's nothing else, Sabrina, I want to go back to my friends."

"Ah, yeah, fair enough," you say. "I... guess I can also suggest that clairvoyance might be helpful to avoid experimental pitfalls, if you need eyes on. I'd be happy to help, and I suspect Oriko would be too."

"Noted," Niko says with a thin smile. "Let me know when this Miss Riona arrives?"

"Can do," you say, bouncing on your toes and stretching. "According to Oriko, that's tomorrow or the day after, thereabouts."

"Gotcha," Niko says, already stepping through the boundary of the privacy field. You follow her out, watching as she makes a beeline across the roof back to the constellation of Pleiades and is promptly tackle-hugged by a ballistic Satomi.

"Sabrina!" Mami calls. You leave your field behind you and meet her halfway, sweeping her up into a tight, tight hug.

"Hi!" you say brightly, beaming at her.

"Oh my god you two," Sayaka mutters, walking up. "Well?"

"All good," you say, not releasing Mami at all.

Sayaka snorts, rolling her eyes. "More cloak and dagger stuff?"

"Nah, the same cloak and dagger stuff," you say, and sober for a second. "Look, I don't mean to over-dramatize it or anything, but it *is* a serious concern of mine, OK? That there's knowledge that *is* dangerous, like... y'know. The truth about our Soul Gems."

The smile drops from Sayaka's face, and she nods. You tighten your arms around Mami a little more, and pull back so you can smile at her.

She smiles back, a little wobbly, but warm, and fond.

"So what've you two been up to?" you ask, shifting to pull Mami into a side-long hug. She burrows into your side, smiling at you.

"I've been giving Sayaka advice for fighting," Mami volunteers. "With as many powers as she has now, not all of it is useful, but..."

"I've been watching the emergency services. I got an invisible clone to sneak around the building, too," Sayaka says, and scratches at her blue hair. "Trying to see how they do things, you know? I guess if we're going to be doing rescue missions and so on it'd be good to know. Also, seems like they've concluded it must be carbon monoxide or something."

"Hm," you say. Kyuubey's doing, probably. You manage a grin for Mami and Sayaka. "Good thinking, though. Both of you. Speaking of clones, how's your clone at school doing?"

"Pretty good!" Sayaka says, grinning. "Zoned out a coupla times, but Madoka and Hitomi kept me on track."

"That's good," you say. You glance towards the obdurately still surface of the interrogation sphere, and then at the circled constellation of the Pleiades. Both ongoing still, and both things that don't require your presence. Both that your intrusion would arguably be *detrimental* to.

Ah, well.

You sit down on thin air, Grief moulding into a floating bench beneath you. Mami blinks, and promptly claims her seat beside you as you form another for Sayaka.

"Might as well take a seat," you murmur. "I dunno. Guessing they're gonna take their time."

Sayaka snorts, inspecting the bench before plonking herself down. "Impatient?"

"Well, it feels like they've been at it for days," you say, shrugging. "So yeah, a bit. I had a thought, by the way - could you lend me one of your power jewels?"

"Sure," Sayaka says, reaching under her cloak. "Any particular one?"

"Nah, any one should do," you say. Sayaka pulls a double-lobed teardrop charm from under her cloak, and flips it to you. Catching it in one hand, you grin at her. "Thanks."

"No prob," she says.

You turn the jewel over slowly, tracing your fingers over the clear, blue surface. Exactly the same colour as her Soul Gem. Mami peers over your shoulder curiously as you probe the charm with your senses, both magical and Grief-based.

"So, Sabrina," Sayaka says slowly, watching you. "I've got, uh... something I was thinking about. Remember when Nadia told us about, uh, the Iowa group and San Shi Hui and... what was the last one?"

"Uh. The Saja?" you say, brow wrinkling as you continue to examine the jewel. It feels like *Sayaka*, with the faintest hint of the coming of spring, of wet earth and the deep, abiding strength of an ancient tree. It resonates, almost, half of a complete song drifting on the edge of your hearing, and there's something yet *deeper* thrumming through its deepest layer.

*Oktavia von Seckendorf*.

Ah. Well, then. You were considering whether these things might be some kind of Familiar analogue, and... perhaps there's a kernel of truth to that.

"The Saja," Mami agrees. "They're... Indian?"

"Are we going to do anything about them?" Sayaka asks, rubbing her nose. "I mean... we're here, right?"

Sayaka gestures out at the city. "This is a small thing, but we made a *difference*, right? And we've got... well, I get the impression we're fairly powerful, right?"

"Well, yeah. Catch, by the way," you say, tossing the jewel back at her. "We've got Mami, who's respected across the country and about half the world. We've got Homura, who, y'know." You make an expressive gesture. "Then we have *you*, who has *all* the powers, and then we have me. I keep everyone going."

"You're selling yourself short, Sabrina," Mami says, patting your shoulder.

"And so are you," you say, grinning back at her. "But, yeah. We're pretty powerful."

"Yoohoo! Mami? Sabrina, Sayaka?" Kazumi calls, waving her hand. "Got a moment?"

"What is it, Kazumi?" Mami asks, looking over.

"Hold that thought, Sayaka," you say, raising a finger. "I'll get back to it. Also, question for you? Do you think other people can use your stored powers? Non-magical people in particular?"

"Mmmhm," Sayaka agrees. "And I... don't know?"

"Might be worth checking?" you suggest. "Or try and figure it out?"

Kazumi walks over, the other Pleiades trailing along behind her like a cometary trail. "We've made our decision," she says. "We're going to let Hijiri come back to us, unless you have some way to find her immediately. We..."

"I don't think she'll go far," Niko says quietly, looking down at the ground. "My- her family is *here*."

Kazumi shakes her head. "We got lucky, finding her the first time," she says. "She was nervous, and probably thought that she could take you out with one shot. I don't think... if she's smart, and she is, she's probably gone to ground somewhere completely off-kilter. Unless you have any suggestions?"

**Voting opens**Jan 13, 2018 at 11:00 AM

- [ ] Hijiri...
- [ ] Ribbon search
- [ ] Manual combing
- [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Sayaka
- [ ] Yes, eventually
  - [ ] Why?
- [ ] No
  - [ ] Why?
- [ ] WORLD DOMINATION, ALL HAIL EMPRESS MAMI
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Ugh, this update took longer than I wanted it to. Still, here we are!
