# Highway 17 pt. 26

"Yeah, actually," you say, blinking. "Mami and I could try ribbon searching, if Mami is willing? We can't cover the *entire* city, but we can cover a good part of it. And, uh, dumb question, but... have you tried *talking* to her? By telepathy?"

"Of course I'd be willing to help." Mami nods.

"She wouldn't listen," Niko answers you, looking away. "She wouldn't listen to *any* of us."

"It's not a solution for finding her," Saki says, the rising sun glinting as she pushes her glasses-monocle up the bridge of her nose once again.

You sigh, faintly annoyed. You doubt you yourself can persuade Hijiri to return, not on your own. You can't give guarantees for her peace of mind, for her life here in Asunaro. There's *one* person who's relevant, who *can* give Hijiri what she wants.

"We can try the ribbon search, then," you say.

"I'll start preparing," Mami says, smiling at you and leaning against your side. She holds her hand up to the sky, fingers spread. Ribbons cascade from her open palm, fading to invisibility as she clenches her fist and lowers her arm. You can feel the network growing, spreading and webbing unseen across the buildings.

"That said..." you catch Niko's eyes. She shifts under your gaze. "You know that the only person who can really bring her back is *you*, right?"

"Hey, back off of Niko!" Satomi says, bristling. Dark eyes meet yours in a fierce glower, but you don't back down either.

"I'm not pressuring Niko. I'm saying: Hijiri is *afraid* of Niko," you say, opening your hands as you let your eyes sweep the group. Kazumi's red eyes, worried and thoughtful. Satomi, Kaoru, and Mirai are suspicious and defensive and worried by turns, their thoughts written on their faces. Umika and Saki are guarded, evaluating you quietly.

"I can't tell her to *not* be afraid," you say. "And no matter how much all of you trust and care about Niko, *none* of you can tell Hijri to not be scared, either. It doesn't work like that. The only one who can convince Hijiri she'll be safe is Niko herself."

It doesn't help that Hijiri's in full teenage rebellion mode right now, either. If she comes back with piercings and a tattoo or three, you wouldn't even be particularly surprised. Something to *prove* she's different from Niko.

"Sabrina's right," Mami says. She's distracted, but her voice is clear and loud. "Maybe we can catch her. But we can't convince her."

"What do you suggest, Mami?" Kazumi asks.

Mami, instead of answering, glances to you with a smile.

"Honestly? Be nice to her," you say with a shrug. "Tell her what's happened here, and maybe do a dead drop of things she needs. Food, clothes, Grief Seeds if she needs them. I mean... I'm not saying she's incapable of taking care of herself, I'm saying make life easier for her. Just... do what you would for a friend."

Kazumi glances at the rest of the Pleiades. "We'll, um. Take it under advisement?"

"It's not so simple," Umika says, folding her arms. "'If you truly love something, then set it free' is a nice sentiment, but it doesn't always work out in real life."

"That's not even what Sabrina said," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes.

"I gather you're not out to capture and *punish* Hijiri any more," you say calmly. "In that case, then you need to persuade her to *come home*."

Niko rocks back on her feet, expression twisting. She's immediately gathered up in a protective hug by Satomi, but shakes it off with an irritable twitch.

"We were already thinking of doing something like that, anyway," Niko says loudly. Not looking at *you*, either. "But thanks for the advice, Sabrina."

Kazumi's attention flickers back to her friends, and she sighs, wrapping her arms around a mutinous looking Mirai and Umika. "We'll leave you to the search," Kazumi says, nudging Niko to walk ahead of them.

Sayaka rolls her eyes, slumping back in her seat as the Pleiades walk off again. "*Ugh,*" she grumbles mentally at you and Mami.

"*Eh. I can't blame them for having their differences... I get the impression that Niko's annoyed with them for not seeing things her way,*" you say. "*I mean, it can't be easy for them to - she's in a unique position and all, since Hijiri came from her Wish.*"

"*I suppose,*" Sayaka says.

"*Mm,*" you agree. "*Still, I think they'll work it out. Just so happens that we're *here* and nominally external mediators, yeah?*"

"*Yeah,*" Sayaka says. "*Can I have back support on this, instead of just a bench?*"

"*Sure,*" you say, and suit action to words. You shape Grief out of the air into proper lumbar support for both Sayaka and Mami and yourself, Mami sighing happily and tucking herself firmly against your side. "*Anyway, speaking of external mediators, that's a nice segue. Would have been a nicer segue if you hadn't interrupted, though.*"

Sayaka sticks her tongue out at you.

"*Well. To answer your earlier question, yes, we are. Eventually,*" you say. "*We have... a lot coming up at home to deal with at home, first. Refugees, Walpurgisnacht, figuring out Clear Seeds, and whatever happens next. Just *organising* everything is going to be a problem. I mean, look at us right *now*. We're here in Asunaro helping our friends with a crisis, and meanwhile, we *already* have refugees coming in. It's only going to get worse.*"

"*Yeah...*" Sayaka says, frowning. "*Yeah. I guess that makes sense*."

"*Honestly, I'm going to be depending on you and Mami and Homura for help,*" you say, smiling at her. "*I expect things like raiders and people abusing magic and nastier magical girls coming to Mitakihara, and even the simple things. If magic is essentially free, who's going to want to hunt Witches anymore? And we'll need to handle all of that.*"

"*Ah... not to interrupt, but the ribbon network is... um, this is as far as I can push it without straining too much,*" Mami says. "*Um... I've covered a third of the city, maybe a half?*"

Half the city. Half the *bloody* city, blanketed with ribbons. You beam at Mami, hugging her tight and nuzzling your cheek against the top of her head. "That's *amazing*, Mami. Sorry, Sayaka, gimme a moment - I'm gonna build a Grief device and then get back to you, alright?"

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says. "I'll fiddle with my powers a bit, see if I can come up with anything new."

You take a moment to cleanse Mami's Gem, the Grief joining what you call from thin air. It drips into your hand, flowing like wax from an invisible candle, and you mould the lump for a second, visualizing what you need before bringing your will to bear. With Niko right there, you *know* who you're looking for, and you force reality to bend.

Your will be *done*.

You blink, finding a simple, unadorned compass moulded of Grief in your hand. The needle, glinting gold in the mid-morning sun, spins wildly, directionless - but that's fine. You can feel it in your mind, an awareness of a *lack* in the immediate area.

"Sabrina?" Mami murmurs.

You smile at her, taking her hands in yours, cupped over the compass. "I'm good. Are you ready?"

"I am," Mami says, with a nod.

"Here we go, then," you murmur, exhaling slowly as you push your magic out, mingling and twining with Mami's. She gasps softly, curling up against you as your senses flood outwards, borne on an intricate, spiralling network of ribbons. Your awareness leaps from street to street, quicksilver lightning dancing through Asunaro.

"Anyway, Sayaka?" you murmur. Loathe as you are to disturb the almost meditative peace, you feel bad for interrupting the conversation with her.

"Yo," Sayaka says, cerulean blue eyes flickering up from her examination of her power jewels to meet yours.

"Sorry about the interruptions," you say.

"Nah, I get it," she says, waving it off. "Some things take time, and it's better to get it started earlier rather than later. I gotcha."

"Yeah," you say. "That's pretty much it. But... yeah. Y'know Nadia mentioned the Iowa group, for example? They're the *Iowa* group, from the US, and the last she heard they were in India? They've got something *powerful* on their side, and I fully expect them to come visiting when they hear about us. I don't think they'll be the only ones, either."

"And we gotta prepare for them," Sayaka says.

"Exactly," you agree, attention still mostly on your search, and *Mami*. "Them... I need to know more about them. The other groups, too. They're established, which means they must each have their own ways of holding sway, and we don't know how. We can't underestimate them."

"Y'know\..." Sayaka cocks her head, frowning. "Clone, invisibility, and flight. I wonder what's the limit of my range?"

"What? Sayaka, you don't mean-"

"Yep," Sayaka says, with a faint grin. "Heck, I've got that vision power too, right? I can spy on them from far above, and they'll never see me."

"That... could work," you concede, still searching.

"And with clones, I'd be safe, too!" Sayaka says. "Assuming they can go that far, anyway."

"That's true," you agree. "Assuming they don't have some kind of power that can chain all the way back to you. They're established, and they're nasty. Maybe it's just that they haven't faced serious, organised resistance before, but... we can't count on it. Overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer, and all that."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says, and motions to the compass in your hand. "Any luck there?"

"Not really," you sigh. You've already done a second lap of the area, not that you were expecting to find Hijiri. Carefully, gently, you withdraw your magic. "Mami? You can let the ribbons go now."

Mami sighs, and slumps bonelessly against you, blushing rosily as she smiles at you. "In a bit."

"Ugh," Sayaka says, folding her arms. "I know you had to let her go, but it feels like we're leaving things undone here."

"Yeah, well. As I said, *we* can't solve this problem except by force," you say. "And the only thing that'd do is breed resentment."

"I know, I know," Sayaka grumbles. "Still sucks."

"Anyway," you say, sighing and pushing yourself to your feet. You let the compass dissolve into Grief and offer Mami a hand. "Should probably go tell the Pleiades that."

Just as you start across the roof, though, Oriko emerges from the void-black privacy sphere. She walks to you, stately and unhurried.

"Airi is... somewhat tractable, if prone to hysterics and anger," Oriko pronounces, sea-green eyes flickering to Mami for a second. "She has been convinced of the... truth of the matter I sent Kirika to you about. Less so of the truth of the events leading to her swearing vengeance. I do not think our initial evaluation of her was wrong, however, do you have terms of surrender for her?"

**Voting opens**Jan 17, 2018 at 11:00 AM

- [ ] Oriko and Anri
- [ ] What *are* you going to do with Anri?
  - [ ] Allowances Oriko can negotiate
  - [ ] Talk to Anri yourself
- [ ] Pleiades
- [ ] You can't find Hijiri.
- [ ] What do you tell them?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Again, kind wish I'd gotten this out earlier. Ah, well. C'est la vie.

Also, shoutout to Phoenixian's effortpost just above this one - take a look!
