# Highway 17 pt. 27

"Yes, but first-" you grin at Oriko. "*Thank you*, Oriko. *Thank* you for doing what I... almost certainly couldn't have."

"It was nothing." Oriko shrugs, almost modest. Then again, you can *see* the spark of accomplishment and the tiny, satisfied smirk on her lips.

"Modesty doesn't suit you, Oriko," you say, sticking your tongue out at her before turning to Mami. "I'm sorry, Mami, but-"

"You have to speak privately to Oriko?" Mami says, giving you a soft smile. "I guessed."

"Yeah," you say, pulling her into a hug and burying your face in soft, golden hair. "I'm sorry, Mami."

"It's alright," she murmurs into your shoulder. "I'll let Kazumi know."

"Thank you," you say, easing back to smile at her. "I'll just be a few minutes, hopefully, but - if you're OK with continuing the search, let her know we'd be willing to keep pursuing that avenue?"

"Alright," Mami says with a firm nod. "I'll let her know."

"Sorry about all the waiting, Sayaka," you say, giving Sayaka a sheepish smile. "Hopefully we'll wrap all this up soon."

"Nah, go, go," Sayaka says, waving you off. "Shoo, off with your secrets." She winks.

You roll your eyes. "I'll be back soon. C'mon, Oriko."

A thought strikes you, and you slip into telepathy as you head for the sphere. "*Hey, Niko? Success from Oriko - she's successfully convinced Anri. Do you want in on this?*"

"*I...*" you can all but feel the chains of logic cascading through Niko's mind. "*No, thank you.*"

The seer, having waited patiently, moves off towards the privacy sphere. Transformed, with her enormous, floor-length dress, she almost seems to glide across the roof. Probably the intended effect, for that style of dress.

You grin at Oriko as you enter the sphere. "Again, Oriko," you say. "Thank you so much."

"And again, it was nothing," Oriko says, waving it off.

"You'll take my thanks and like it, damn you," you say, rolling your eyes. You gesture, condensing Grief out of the air into two benches. "Anyway. What can you tell me? Go over what you talked to Anri about?"

"Certainly," Oriko says, nodding. "As you surmised, her mind and opinions had been poisoned by Kyuubey. I didn't try to dissuade her of most of them - there was no point, and it would have taken far too long."

"Fair enough," you say, rubbing your chin thoughtfully. You might have to come back to that at some point. "So... does she know? About our Soul Gems, about Witches? She *should*, all things considered, but y'know. Outside considerations, confirmation and all that."

"She knows," Oriko confirms. "And among other things, she believed that the Pleiades had the ability to transform magical girls into Witches. She was rather intent on gaining that ability for herself, in fact. I have not been able to disabuse her of..."

Oriko holds up a hand, frowning. "I apologise. Allow me to qualify my success - I couldn't go into detail without the privacy here. I have not been able to convince her to set aside her perceived vengeance on the Pleiades Saints. I *have* convinced her, in order, that Witches arise from magical girls without human intervention, and that the Pleiades do not have the ability to force magical girls to become Witches."

"Right," you say, frowning. "I'm sensing a but."

"Just so," Oriko agrees. "She still blames the Pleiades Saints for Yuuri's death. Even knowing that the Pleiades did not cause her to turn into a Witch, she sees the fact that it happened at all to be a sufficient cause, let alone that the Pleiades *did* kill her Witch. She is quite, quite hysterical."

"I..." you scrabble for words, for understanding. "So that Yuuri Witched out at *all* was the Pleiades' fault?"

"In a word, yes," Oriko says with a delicate shrug. "Bear in mind that the grief is fresh, and kept close to her heart. I've also managed to convince her that Clear Seeds are not particularly unique. I've *informed* and given her Yuuri's Witch's Grief Seed, but she is not completely convinced that that is in fact Yuuri. And since the topic has come up..."

She reaches into the folds of her voluminous skirt to withdraw a Clear Seed - Hildegard, which she hands back to you.

"Thanks," you say, tucking the Seed away. "But if she demands vengeance on the Pleiades still, then..."

"She is willing to surrender in the face of a promise to bring Yuuri back," Oriko says. "I took care to impress on her that it was not guaranteed, but she seized upon the idea. She... cares more for her friend than she does her vengeance, and is willing to compromise for her. It's the only thing that Anri was willing to grant."

"Hmm," you say, leaning back and drumming your fingers against your thigh. You look past Oriko, at Mami speaking calmly to the Pleiades, standing strong in their circle. You turn the thought over in your mind as you watch for a second, before nodding. "I guess... well, it's definitely on my agenda. You *did* emphasize I couldn't guara... yes, you did."

Oriko nods again, slow and thoughtful. "Rather. How do you intend to continue?"

"Honestly, I don't know," you admit. "I don't *have* any good options to keep her in captivity. Do you think leaving her in captivity with the Pleiades would work?"

"Needlessly antagonistic," Oriko says. "Eminently *doable*, perhaps, if we acquire something secure enough that she cannot remove it and enchant it with anti-magic."

"Yeah... I can't imagine she'd take it well. Nor the Pleiades," you say. "And I don't really want to put the Pleiades in charge of someone who hurt them. They do have the space. Which... ugh. I can't in good conscience ask you to do it, either."

"To imprison her?" Oriko asks, grimacing. "I am... less than inclined. She would not be a good guest, and we would have to provide for her."

"Mm," you agree. You're kind of considering asking if Oriko and Kirika would want to stay in *Asunaro* instead - at the very least, they wouldn't be going stir crazy cooped up in their mansion. But it's definitely something you should run by Homura before even bringing it up.

"Have you considered mercenaries?" Oriko asks, raising her eyebrows. "Not necessarily the Fukushima girls, but perhaps asking for aid from Sendai or Ishinomaki, since you have rapport with them already."

"That's... hm," you say, tapping your chin. "That's a possibility. Probably not the Sendai group proper, *maybe* the University or Ishinomaki groups."

"You would know better than I, on that subject," Oriko says. "Just suggesting it as a possible option."

"It's a good one," you agree. "The problem then becomes a matter of the infohazards, which... I'm fairly certain none of the groups are aware of."

"Then perhaps other mercenaries," Oriko says with a shrug. "I am sure they must exist."

"Mm..." you say, rubbing your nose. "Lemme think about it."

"Of course," Oriko says.

**Voting opens**Dec 31, 2017 at 11:00 AM

- [ ] Anri
  - [ ] Ask Homura about leaving Oriko and Kirika in Asunaro
    - [ ] Ask Oriko and Kirika about staying in Asunaro
  - [ ] Anri under house arrest with Oriko and Kirika
  - [ ] Ask for the help of...
    - [ ] The Pleiades
    - [ ] Sendai Group
    - [ ] Fukushima Group
    - [ ] Ishinomaki Group
    - [ ] University Group
  - [ ] Discuss this with the Pleiades
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Pleiades:
- [x] Offer to let Kazumi copy whatever she thinks will help.
- [x] Return the Memory Device. Offer to clear the Derrick Witch Seed in lieu of Arzt Kochen.
- [x] Discuss Anri.
  - [x] Who's going to mind her? Offer Mitakihara's help.
- [x] Security measures. Tracking and anti-magic enchantments.
- [x] Ask for ideas. Listen to opinions. Modify plans as needed.

---​

Apologies for the delay in this one. Writing just didn't flow, and Sunday turned out unexpectedly busy.
