# Highway 17 pt. 28

You close your eyes and *think* for a moment. Oriko brings up an excellent point, if indirectly. You *do* have people you can call upon for help, and not just your immediate circle of friends.

"Yeah," you say finally with a sharp, decisive nod. "I'll ask for help, maybe check in with Nadia. She's probably the most well-connected magical girl out there... hell, maybe there's a magical girl prison out there or something. Stranger things have happened, I guess."

"Perhaps," Oriko says. "I would not credit the notion with too much optimism, however."

"We're magical girls, miracles are our stock in trade," you say, rolling your eyes. "Though I admit, a prison existing is, uh, a less requested class of miracle, I imagine. Then again, Mirai Wished for a teddy bear museum... *anyway*. How tight a leash do you think we need to keep on her?"

"What do you mean?" Oriko asks, raising an eyebrow.

"I mean... OK, so she agreed to surrender in exchange for de-Witching works, right?" you say. "But I get the impression that isn't *entirely* voluntary, and I'm guessing she's unstable enough to still be acting up. I figure I can forge something more solid than a piece of string for antimagic, that kind of thing, but what kind of, uh, containment do we need for her?"

"Ah, I see what you mean," Oriko says, looking thoughtful, and shrugs delicately. "Truthfully, she belongs in an asylum. She was rational for long enough, when her assumptions were broken, but she backslid nearly immediately. I suspect it is a trend that will continue. As such, I would recommend physical confinement, or at the very least someone watching her in addition to the antimagic."

You nod, thoughtfully nudging a stray lock of hair behind your ear. "Yeah, I'll see what I can figure out," you say slowly. "I don't suppose you know if Nadia has been Witchbombed?"

Oriko frowns, before shaking her head. "I am uncertain. My apologies."

"Nah, it was a long shot, anyway," you say, waving it off. "Hm. Witches... Did Anri share her Witch-out plans with Hijiri?"

"Yes," Oriko says. "I gather it was a somewhat contentious point, however. Not on any moralistic ground, but on practicality and usefulness."

"Ugh," you grunt, grimacing. "Right."

Oriko raises her eyebrows, eyes meeting yours squarely. "For what it's worth," she says slowly. "You didn't make that threat out of malice."

"Good intentions, road to hell," you say, stomach roiling a little. Not your proudest moment, even if it *worked*. You sigh. "I do apologise for having done it at all."

"It's done," Oriko says, and shrugs. "I probably wouldn't be here if you hadn't, really, and nor would Kirika." She pauses, frowning. "It's an uncomfortable topic for both of us. Shall we move on?"

You sigh, rubbing at your eyes and leaning back on the bench. "Right, right... next question. Do you think I can join in the talk with Anri? I wanna get a feel for her mental state myself."

"It's possible, but I wouldn't recommend it," Oriko says. "She is unstable, as yet."

"Right, right..." you mutter, propping your hands on the bench. "Yeah, I'll get back to you on that. That said... mm. Non-hostility, obviously, towards us or the Pleiades or anyone, really. *Absolutely no* Witching out magical girls, not that she'd be able to with the antimagic applied - which is itself going to be a condition for her surrender. I think that unless a better solution presents itself, we'll be bringing her back to Mitakihara." You pause, frowning. "I need to talk to Nadia, yeah, but don't worry. I know you don't want to be saddled with her."

Oriko nods slowly.

"Alright." You blow out a sharp breath, and grin at Oriko. "I think that's nearly everything, bar one last thing - Oriko, again, *thank you*. You've helped so much, just doing this... I mean, you talked Anri around. I almost certainly couldn't have done it, and I have no idea *what* I'd do if some *willing* cooperation from her wasn't possible."

You shake your head, still smiling. "What I'm trying to say is: you've done good, and I'm grateful. Also, accept the praise and the thanks, damn you."

Oriko closes her mouth with a click, looking ruefully amused. "I *am* predictable in some ways," she allows.

"Excellent, glad we cleared that up," you say, tipping your nose up in as haughty a manner as you can manage. "Also, would you be interested in fulfilling the Social role in the team? I mean, I try, but I'm not exactly the greatest at it."

"And would you have to bargain with Akemi to allow us out every time?" Oriko asks, shrugging delicately. "Would she *trust* me to do anything useful?"

"That's for me to handle," you say. "I'm extending you the offer first."

"I would appreciate it," Oriko says, slowly. "And so would Kirika."

"Alright," you say, smiling. "Then I'll sort it out. Is there anything else that we need to cover?"

Oriko considers that for a moment. "No, I believe that's everything."

"Alright. Then shall we?" you ask, rising to your feet and dusting your knees off.

"We shall," Oriko says with a nod.

You walk through the hazy wall of your privacy sphere for what feels like the umpteenth time today. Mami's head twitches up, gaze gravitating away from the Pleiades over to you instantly.

You beam at her, opening your arms. You meet her halfway, sweeping her up into a tight hug. "Hey," you murmur.

"Hi," she murmurs back, cuddling into the hug. You let yourself indulge for a moment, before pulling back a little and nudging her into a side-long hug.

"Hi," you say, waving at the Pleiades with your free hand.

Kazumi grins back, amused and almost indulgent. "Hi yourself."

"So..." you say, looking between Mami and Kazumi. "Any luck?"

And at the same time, you reach out by telepathy. A certain itinerant puella magi, and a certain seer. "*Hey, Nadia?*"

"*Hello,*" Nadia responds in her accented tones. "*We will be there soon.*"

"Sadly no," Kazumi says, shaking her head. "We're gonna keep an eye out for her, but..." She waves at Niko. "We don't think Hijiri's trying to *hide* now. She'd be *running*."

"We're not gonna find her," Niko says, looking bleak. "*I* wouldn't be found."

"Right," you say, scowling. "I see... well, thanks to Oriko here, Anri is willing to surrender. With your permission, and if Mami and Sayaka are alright with it, we'll be bringing her back with us when we leave, to get her out of Asunaro. Oriko?"

She inclines her head, silvery-grey hair almost shimmering in the early morning light as she steps forward, looking around the circle of Pleiades. "Indeed. Anri is willing to surrender, in return for considerations. However..."

You listen with a sliver of your attention as Oriko explains, skirting around the issue of *exactly* what those considerations might be.

"*Ah... unfortunately, Nadia, we won't be there,*" you say. "*Tried our best, but we're running late. That is, Mami and I. Homura, uh, Akemi will be meeting you. We've got accommodations sorted out already.*"

"*Mm, yes,*" Nadia says. "*You have mentioned. You are dealing with the Clear Seed thief. Have you succeeded?*"

"*Yeah, actually,*" you say. Sayaka sidles up beside you, giving Oriko a suspicious look. "*Caught the thief. That said, uh... I do need advice - do you know what to do with an unstable, unhealthily revenge focused magical girl? She can't be reasonably exiled from the city, because her vengeance will bring her back, and while I've got antimagic to keep her locked down, I don't exactly have a magical girl jail available.*"

"*I understand,*" Nadia says. "*Not killing her will already be a step-up from most groups, *fimti*?*"

"*I figured,*" you say, somewhat sourly. "*Hm. Can you suggest anywhere we could send her, or if we could hire someone to guard her, or something?*"

"*Fukushima,*" Nadia responds nearly instantly. "*They are, mm, expensive. But expensive is not a problem for you, mm? And they are near to you.*"

"*Well, yeah,*" you agree. "*But given the circumstances, we can't have just *any* guard, you know? I... well, she wants vengeance against the Pleiades for killing her friend. But they *didn't*, and Anri needs very careful guarding for the whole mess.*"

"Sabrina, are you sure about Anri?" Kazumi asks - your cue to rejoin the conversation, with Oriko's artful explanations done.

"If Mami and Sayaka are OK with it," you say. "We're not going to be the one keeping watch on her, except as a last resort, I think, just detaining her in Mitakihara. Trying to make arrangements right now."

"Oh, good," Sayaka says. "I'm cool if it means I don't have to watch her."

"Arrangements?" Mami asks.

"Yeah, with Nadia," you say. "Trying to see if there's anyone who might be willing to take the job."

"Ah," Mami says, frowning a little before smiling. "Ah! I see."

"*I see,*" Nadia says finally. "*The Fukushima group, they will do the job, *fimti*? But I will see you later today?*"

Oh, thank Madokami. That's message received, you think. "*Yup,*" you confirm. "*We should be wrapping up soon, actually.*"

"*Mm, good,*" Nadia says. "*Goodbye for now, then.*"

"*Later!*" you say, letting the connection drop and smiling at Mami, then Kazumi. "So... yeah. I'll... work something out."

Kazumi grimaces. "I don't like the idea of foisting our mess on you."

"I... have an idea," Niko says hesitantly. "For, ah, detaining magical girls."

"Oh?" Saki asks, tilting her head and snatching at her monocle-glasses as they nearly fall with the motion. "Do tell, Niko?"

"There's..." Niko's glance flickers over to Kazumi, then you. "There's a way of knocking magical girls unconscious for good, with magic. We could use that, to keep Anri locked down."

\*\*Voting opens **Jan 27, 2018 at 11:00 PM
- [ ] Niko
  - [ ] Abort abort abort!
  - [ ] Carefully discuss the topic
    - [ ] Agree, and why?
    - [ ] Disagree, and why?
- [ ] Anri
  - [ ] Check in with Homura
  - [ ] Check in with Fukushima girls
  - [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

  - [x] Consult about developing security measures.
  - [x] Return the Memory Device.
  - [x] Offer to clear the Derrick Witch Seed in lieu of Arzt Kochen.

\=====​

As a side note, *ideally* the discussion can be wrapped up relatively soon and you can start heading back to Mitakihara - but that's me speaking purely from a writing perspective. You don't have to follow that.
