# Highway 17 pt. 29

The Freezer. Something from a once upon a never, but you're not surprised Niko came up with the idea: remove a magical girl's Soul Gem, and she'd be out for good, barring spontaneously learning how to animate as a Gem. Which isn't impossible, and certainly something you're planning on doing, but therein lies the brutal practicality of what Niko did: a magical circle to suppress the Gems.

From the looks on the Pleiades Saints' faces, this isn't the first time Niko's brought the idea up. But just as much... this may be the first time Niko's suggested using it in earnest.

And the worst part is, you're *tempted*. Asunaro is only the beginning. *Anri* is only the beginning. This isn't going to be the last situation you have to intervene in, and she isn't going to be the last *problematic* magical girl you have to deal with.

"Go on, Niko?" you say carefully.

And yet.

"There isn't really much more to it," Niko says, biting her lip. "It wouldn't be too hard to make sure that their, ah, bodies are preserved, too."

Is this really a road you want to start down? Is this how it all begins, with the best of intentions?

And *yet*.

Sayaka gives you a sharp look, even as Mami squeezes your hand.

You can't dismiss the offer right off the bat. It could be useful. You can't rule out the eventual problem of a totally recalcitrant magical girl, and you can't say that you won't actually *need* it.

But...

No.

This *isn't* who you are.

"I'd rather avoid it," you say quietly. "I'm never going to want to put someone on ice forever, and it'd just postpone the problem. Besides..." You sigh. "I... OK, look, this is more of a gut feeling than anything, and hell, maybe you already figured it out. Hijiri said that Anri told her the truth. *Anri's* truth is that she thinks you killed her friend."

"That's not true!" Mirai snaps, bristling. There's a *lot* of hair to bristle.

"We went over this, Mirai," Niko says wearily, looking down. "It may very well be what she thinks, yes."

"I don't... It's not a good option," you say reluctantly. "No offense, Niko, it's probably the worst option available. What it'd do to ruin any goodwill we have, let alone what Hijiri would think. Oriko's talked Anri down. I'm going to try everything I can to make actual confinement work, but as a very last resort..."

You feel... uncomfortable. It's *not* something you want to do. You'd rather pay the Fukushima girls to sit on her, but if she escapes, or tries to harm people -including herself- you're not sure if you'd have anything *else* you could do.

"A last resort," Kazumi echoes quietly.

"There's got to be a better way," Sayaka protests, fierce and indignant. "You can't just... *do* that!"

"I don't want to do that either," you say, almost to yourself. "To Anri, or *anyone*. But if she refuses to cooperate, if she keeps trying to break out, if she keeps fighting... It's a last resort, until I can figure out something *better*."

"She's agreed to cooperate," Oriko says, folding her arms. "However, as mentioned, there is no guarantee that she will abide by that, given how unstable she is."

You sigh, pushing the heel of your palm against your eye. "Argh."

"You'll figure something out," Mami says, giving you a warm smile as she cuddles up against your side. "I'm sure you will, Sabrina."

"Yeah, well," you say, smiling back at her and exhaling. "It's... thanks for the offer, Niko. I'll keep it in mind, but I really hope I don't have to resort to it."

"I understand," Niko says with a nod.

You look around the circle, at the rest of the Pleiades. You meet their eyes in turn, solemn and serious. "So, if it's alright with all of you, I'll be bringing Anri out of Asunaro, for security, and to help regain her equilibrium."

Kazumi glances at her friends, and nods at you. "I think that will work," she says. "We're grateful, Mami, Sabrina, for your help. Sayaka, Miss Oriko, you too."

"Yeah, thank you!" Kaoru says, grinning and flashing you a peace sign. "And Miss Kirika, too!"

Naturally, this prompts a wave of thanks from the rest of the Pleiades.

"It's what I'm here for," you say, blowing out a breath and smiling. You look around. "Thank you all for working with me."

"Yeah!" Sayaka says, grinning. "We're happy to help."

"But we're not quite done here," you say. "Oriko? You still need to talk to Anri, right?"

She inclines her head gently. Now that you think about it, you can't help but wonder if her slow, regal motions are mainly to ensure that her ~~bucket~~ hat doesn't fall off.

... nah, she *can* do roofhopping and such.

"Indeed, Sabrina," she says. "If there's nothing else?"

"Yep," you say. "You don't have to stick *perfectly* to all the terms, just... use your judgement, yeah? In the meantime, I'll check in with Homura, maybe Fukushima."

Oriko nods again, and turns to head toward the sphere. Kazumi gives you a slightly concerned look.

"Will she be OK with that?" Kazumi asks.

"I'll find out," you say, giving her a reassuring nod as you reach out with telepathy, to Homura and Mami and Sayaka. "*Hey, Homura? Are you free?*"

"*Yes,*" she says. "*I have excused myself from class, with Madoka's help.*"

"*Ah, right,*" you say. "*The Shiogama girls are going to be there soon... well, I'm wrapping up right now, and headed back soon.*"

Niko slumps in on herself, fidgeting. "Are we done? I... I should go back to my lab."

"Oh, that reminds me!" you say. "Two things. First, uh, I did take a Grief Seed from you girls, and I need to hang on to it, if you don't mind. But I'm willing to clear a Grief Seed for you girls in exchange?"

"Ah... we already have two Clear Seeds, right?" Kazumi asks, glancing at Niko. "I think that's plenty, Sabrina, but we appreciate it. Besides, it's not like you're so far away we can't ask for help, right?"

"Yeah, that's fair," you say. "Now, the second thing..."

You crook a finger, just a touch of will to act your intention on the world. A blob of Grief sails over to you from a distant part of your outer orbit, and you bring it *carefully* over to Niko. "Uh, here's the memory device back. Hope it isn't damaged or anything."

"Ah. That. Thanks, Sabrina," Niko says, stretching her hand out to catch the device, the rounded, triangular disc fitting snugly in her palm.

"*That's good,*" Homura says. And maybe there's a trace of relief leaking into her voice, maybe there isn't.

"*Uh... one thing, though,*" you say. "*We caught Anri, and... she's kind of unstable. We've... talked her down, but we can't leave her here in Asunaro, because the thing that drives her is vengeance against the Pleiades Saints. Would you mind terribly much if we brought her back to Mitakihara and detained her there?*"

You watch as Niko sighs, taking a few steps backwards to distance herself from the group proper. She perches on the edge of the roof, and produces a screwdriver from somewhere to unscrew the back.

Kazumi gives Niko a worried look, catching Mirai's eye. In unison, they hurry forward to join Niko.

"Hey-" Niko says, eyes widening. "The memory field is-"

"Don't care," Kazumi says, stepping forward boldly. "I-" she breaks off, frowning. "Ugh, forgot what I was going to say, but. Niko, you're upset. We're here for you."

Mirai follows, smiling.

"I'm fine," Niko says tightly. "Just let me work on this."

Umika exchanges a look with Saki, who glances at Satomi. Umika bows at you. "Sorry, Sabrina, Mami," she murmurs. "Niko needs us."

"Go, go," you say, waving them off. You return to telepathy, Sayaka turning to face you properly now that the rest of the circle's gone. "*Homura?*"

"*You mean to try and rehabilitate her,*" Homura says.

"*I do, yeah,*" you say. "*I'm planning on hiring the Fukushima girls to guard her, in the meantime. Maybe put her up in Oriko's old warehouse.*"

"*They'll be good help against Walpurgisnacht if they can be convinced to stay and fight,*" Homura says. "*If Anri doesn't cause problems, then I have no objections. Even better if she fights against Walpurgisnacht.*"

"*Alright. Then... Mami, Sayaka? I'm sorry I didn't ask your opinions earlier, but we were in the privacy sphere and all,*" you say.

"*I'm OK with it,*" Mami says. "*I think it's... maybe the best solution we could have, under the circumstances.*"

"*Yeah,*" Sayaka says. "*I... really don't like the idea of Miss Mad Scientist there just switching someone off for good. Gives me the creeps.*"

"*It's an *awful* solution,*" you agree with a sigh. "*And I really, truly hope it doesn't ever come to that.*"

"*Well. Yeah,*" Sayaka says.

"Hey, Sabrina?" Niko calls, standing. She's surrounded by her friends, not exactly a hugpile, but everyone just staying close to her. "I had a thought."

"*Is there anything else?*" Homura asks.

"*Nah, that's it,*" you say, glancing at the privacy sphere with Oriko, Kirika, and Anri. You did promise to bring up Oriko being the team's social face with Homura... well, perhaps not just now. "*See you soon!*"

Out loud, you answer Niko. "Yep?"

"I can tune this to block out memory of *us*," Niko says, gesturing at herself and her friends. "You could put it on Anri."

---

- [ ] Niko
  - [ ] What do you say?
- [x] Wrap up and leave.
  - [x] Try and acknowledge everyone's efforts.
  - [x] Hugs.
- [ ] On the way back
  - [ ] Talk to...
    - [ ] Mami (about?)
    - [ ] Sayaka (about?)
    - [ ] Oriko and Kirika (about?)
    - [ ] Hijiri (about?)
  - [ ] Tell Homura about Oriko and Kirika being helpful
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

I think I'm gonna drop the vote lockout as an experiment - not sure it really adds much!

Also, Niko made a liar of me, turns out. Just needed to get one last bit in edgewise, but that's the last thing to be wrapped up before heding back to Mitakihara.
