# To the White Forest pt. 1

You take a moment to think about it, watching Japan blur by beneath you. The checkered blotches of farmland are seemingly endless, broken up only by thin roads snaking across the landscape to connect tiny villages dotted everywhere. Ahead loom lushly green foothills, with your home beyond the mountain.

Ultimately, you return to ideas you already had, and perhaps a few variations.

"*We *could* involve Kirika's parents,*" you say slowly. "*Kirika's been 'missing' for, uh, two weeks now. I... I can't imagine they wouldn't want to help confine her.*"

"*That might go too far in the opposite direction,*" Mami says. "*They might want to prevent her from going out at all... and would Homura trust them to control the Kures? Even setting aside that Miss Mikuni and Miss Kure are magical girls... if I understand Homura's issues with them, she fears that Miss Mikuni is hostile, with a considerable degree of finesse and subtlety. If Miss Mikuni put her mind to it, she would surely be able to influence them.*"

"*I... You're right, more or less, for Homura's issues. And for Kirika's parents...*" You sigh. "*Yeah. She'd probably see it that way.*"

Mami leans into your side, nuzzling golden hair against your arm. "*That doesn't mean there's no way to do this. Maybe some other people to chaperone them?*"

"*I did think about that,*" you agree. "*But the only people I could think of are maybe Hitomi's parents, if they agree - but they don't know the full situation, and without explaining Homura's secrets... I mean, I haven't even told *you*, and you'd be the first person I would tell if I were free to.*"

"*It's alright, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*I trust you.*"

"*I... I'm sorry that I can't tell you, still,*" you murmur. "*I just-*"

"*I know, Sabrina,*" Mami says, her composure cracking a little. She looks up at you, uncertain and worried. "*I- just- stay with me. That's enough. That's *everything*.*"

"*You're *worth* everything and more,*" you say, taking her hand. You stroke your thumb over her knuckles, gentle and warm. "*But yes, Mami. I promised not to leave you, and I won't.*"

Mami shivers, curling close to your side. You hug her tight, pulling her into the protective circle of your arms, and you let your presence speak for itself.

It takes a few minutes before she speaks again. "*S-sorry, Sabrina,*" she murmurs. "*I... go on?*"

You lean over to kiss the top of her head, tilting your head back to avoid her beret slipping off your head. You bury your nose in her hair, inhaling the familiar fragrance of her shampoo. "*Never,*" you say firmly. "*Never be sorry for your emotions.*"

"*I- I know,*" Mami says quietly, relaxing into the hug. She stirs a few moment later. "*B-but we *were* talking about something.*"

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*We could always hire external chaperones. Like if Fukushima were willing... but it runs into the same problem of *trust*. Homura trusts us, because she knows us. She... doesn't know, or trust, anyone else.*"

Mami nods in agreement. "*I see,*" she murmurs. "*And we are unlikely to have the time to watch over them, except for Sayaka, if she were willing to make clones.*"

"*Or if I could make a clone that could go further than a hundred meters from me,*" you say. "*Or... incidentally, Mami, have you ever thought about revisiting making full-sized clones? Then you could be in school, but still hang out with me.*"

"*I... have thought about it,*" Mami admits. "*I haven't had time to experiment with it, though.*"

"*I gotcha\~*" you say, smiling at her. Your gaze flicks forward for a second, trying to decide whether you should veer upwards to avoid that cloud or no. Probably easier to do just that, and so you do, swerving upwards.

Oriko and Kirika, Homura and Sayaka. It's about *trust*, in the end. Mami came incredibly close to the point, you feel, correcting for the simple fact that she doesn't have the full story. Homura and Sayaka trust *you*, and Mami, and so they extend that trust when you agree to guarantee something. Extending that trust to a total stranger is much, much harder.

Ah, well.

The air turns thin and colder as you crest the mountain, and you take the opportunity to snuggle up to Mami. Oriko and Kirika are cuddled up equally close, and Yuuri, sitting sullenly at the back of your mobile oppression fortress... Well, a magical girl doesn't *need* to feel the cold, but she's new enough that she might not know that yet. You shift your Grief nanofog a little, trapping enough air to create an insulated layer around her. And speaking of Oriko and Kirika and Anri...

"*Hey, Oriko, Kirika?*" you say.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" Oriko asks.

"*I really hate to ask this of you,*" you say. "*But can I ask you two to keep an eye on Anri for a little while longer after we get back to Mitakihara? I *promise* it's not going to be a permanent thing, and it's not going to become permanent - I just need to handle some things, and negotiate actual holding facilities for her.*"

There's a moment of silence before Oriko speaks again. "*Of course, Sabrina,*" she says.

"*I'm really, really sorry,*" you say. "*And I promise I'll do my best to get the restrictions for the two of you loosened, OK?*"

"*If it were not for you, I would be dead,*" Oriko says. "*I suppose I can extend you some measure of credit.*"

You can't help the snort. "*Well, when you put it that way,*" you say. "*Your generosity is appreciated. Seriously. Thanks, Oriko.*"

"*Ah... Sabrina, Miss Oriko?*" Mami asks. You twitch in surprise - she might be right next to you, but you hadn't included Mami in the conversation. "*If I may, you're discussing Miss Anri, right?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say, smiling at Mami. "*What gave it away?*"

"*I know you, Sabrina,*" she says simply. "*And she's the most pressing problem at the moment that needs to be resolved.*"

"*Hah. Go on, Mami?*" you say, tightening your hug around her a little.

"*I have something that may help, if Miss Oriko and Miss Kirika are to keep an eye on her?*" Mami says. "*I could extend a ribbon to her, and to you, Miss Oriko. She wouldn't notice it, and it wouldn't be a true restraint, but if she tries to run, you'd notice.*"

"*An alarm to her leaving the confinement radius would be *enormously* helpful,*" Oriko says.

"*I tried this earlier with Hijiri,*" Mami notes. "*I... did not expect her to be able to turn herself into lightning, but Miss Anri has no such ability, right, Sabrina?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say, making a face. "*Just some kind of biological manipulation, it looks like. Up to and including the ability to gas a building... oh, yes, Kirika - I've got a bracelet thingy to put on Anri when you're done with the enchantment.*"

"*Oh, I'm done with it!*" Kirika says. "*Was waitin' for *you*.*"

"*Ah. Well, we can wait 'til we land?*" you say, squinting at the landscape ahead. There's no snow atop the mountains at this time of the year, sadly.

"*Sure\~*" Kirika chirps.

"*Then that will work,*" Oriko says. "*When can we expect her to be picked up?*"

"*I... really don't know how long it'll take to make arrangements, but the end of the day at the latest, with a little luck,*" you say. You can already feel the slow pulse of Mami's magic, a ribbon winding invisibly from her hand.

"*Keep us informed,*" Oriko says simply.

You let the conversation lapse, digging in your pocket and pulling out the derrick Witch's Grief Seed. You hold it up, and snatch it from your hand with Grief to swing clear of your flying fortress.

*Etheldred*.

You let out a slow breath, and start to drain the Grief from it, letting the billowing river of Grief dissolve into fog. You watch the horizon as verdant mountainside unfurls beneath you, Mitakihara the barest smudge of grey in the distance.

"*Oi, Sabrina.*" Sayaka pokes you in the side.

"*Yes?*" you say, arching a lazy eyebrow at her.

"*So I was thinking,*" Sayaka says. "*I think I need to learn by *doing*, with my powers. It's not like I've got a manual for them.*"

"*That's what sparring practice is for,*" you answer, other eyebrow joining the first.

"*Yeah, I know, but I was kind of wondering if I should just see if I can keep a clone or two practicing the whole day even when I'm in school,*" Sayaka says.

"*Doesn't that take concentration?*" you say. "*I mean, I'm not gonna say magical girl stuff isn't important, but so are classes.*"

"*I think I can handle it,*" Sayaka says. "*Not *too* many clones, just one or two should be fine.*"

"*Well... I guess let me know?*" you say. "*And you need to keep your Soul Gem clean, too.*"

"*Yup, can do,*" Sayaka says, grinning bright and cheery at you.

"*Incidentally, Sayaka, I've said this plenty, but- you did *great* back there,*" you say. "*Really. You took down Hijiri pretty much solo, and then you cleared the building.*"

"*Aw, come on, I had help,*" Sayaka says, shaking her head. "*But... thanks.*"

"*You're only gonna get better,*" you say, eyeing the horizon. Mitakihara's a growing, glittering patch, silhouetted against the morning sun. "*And you're already doing fantastic. So, y'know.*"

"*Stobbit,*" Sayaka says, puffing her cheeks out. "*I'm gonna get a big head.*"

"*Well, I mean, I was also thinking of dropping you off at school,*" you say off-handedly. "*Literally.*"

"*Don't you-*" Sayaka's hand dives under her cloak. "*Actually, you know what? I know how to fly now. *Bring it*.*"

"*Now, where's the fun in that?*" you stick your tongue out at her.

"*That's what I thought,*" Sayaka says with a cocky grin, relaxing.

Mitakihara grows in the distance, the familiar skyline a welcome sight. It's *home*. Home with Mami, home with Homura and Madoka and Hitomi and everyone. And it would be nice to stop off *home* at Mami's apartment, but you're on the clock now - first, a dropoff for Sayaka at school.

The bleunette grins bright and fierce and *proud* of herself as you soar off from the roof, white cloak and short hair fluttering around her. And the next destination is, of course, the Mikuni mansion.

You disembark, this time, holding your hand out for the shaped steel. It slaps into your hand, a smooth, rounded C-shape that gleams under the sun. Almost fashionable, if you didn't know what it was for.

Kirika hands you the anti-magic coin wordlessly. You press it into the indentation, folding retaining flaps of steel over it.

"This is an antimagic bracelet," you say, meeting Anri's feverbright eyes as she reluctantly steps off your mobile oppression fortress. "I'm very sorry, but you're going to have to wear this."

"Because I'm your *prisoner*," she sneers, shoulders hunched defensively. "What, do you expect me to be happy about it?"

"No," you say. "But I want you to understand."

You step forward to take her hand, and if you're tense and wary, you have nothing on the way her tendons stand out under her skin, wire-taut. Carefully, you close the bracelet around her wrist, steel groaning faintly as you fold it with Grief and lock the ends together. It's not coming off without some kind of super-strength beyond a normal magical girl's.

Her arm drops back to her side as you step back with a sigh.

"I'm really sorry," you murmur to Oriko. Mami walks over, holding her empty palm out - but you can feel the ribbon resting intangibly in her palm, and when Oriko takes it with a quizzical look, you can feel it almost *attach*. Oriko's eyes widen, just a hair, and she nods slowly.

"It's fine," Oriko says. "Farewell for now, Sabrina."

You trade goodbyes and Clear Seeds, and with that, you're off again, just you and Mami, now. Onward!

"*Homura? Where are you right now?*" you ask, including Mami in the conversation. She gives you a warm smile, cuddled up happily against you as you zip once more into the skies above.

"*Hinata cafe,*" Homura says. "*They were hungry, and I don't know the address of the apartment.*"

"*Ah, right. Uh, I asked Hitomi earlier, so I know where that is,*" you say sheepishly. "*Well, uh, tell me where you are, and I'll be there soon.*"

"*Understood,*" Homura says.

Not too far from the central train station, it turns out. Which makes sense - Nadia *did* mention travelling by train. You land on a rooftop, dropping to the alleyway below with smooth ease, and you take a breath before detransforming. The bright flare of light leaves you in...

You blink down at yourself.

Well, you never *did* change from your sleepwear. You'd rolled right out of bed and transformed, and *that* leaves you in your -technically Mami's- pajamas. Which are awfully comfy, but not exactly good first impression clothes.

And Mami's beret, of course.

Mami giggles faintly, cheeks tinging red. "I'm in my pajamas too," she says, gesturing at herself.

"... quick change, or magical girl mode?" you ask. "It *is* a cafe."

"We should be fine in our magical girl uniforms," Mami says. "We're meeting with other magical girls, after all! Ah... people might give us looks, but it should be alright once we're inside the cafe."

"Right," you say, willing yourself to transform once again. Really, you're lucky no one's ever noticed you lurking in the backalleys. "You're sure you're OK with that, Mami?"

"As long as I'm with you," Mami says, smiling softly at you.

You offer her your arm, smiling right back. "Then let's get to it."

You walk out of the alleyway with Mami at your side, making your way to the cafe. True to the name, it's bright and sunny, tables spilling outside the building in a nice, open arrangement. You spot Homura and Nadia immediately, sitting with... *three* girls you don't recognise.

You head over, smile firmly in place. It's not too crowded on the streets at this time of the day, so thankfully neither you nor Mami get too many odd looks, and you make use of the approach to simply observe them.

Homura... is Homura. She's definitely making an effort to appear more open, a polite smile on her face as she speaks to the Shiogama... trio? Nadia's quiet, dark, curly hair brushed back from her face as she scarfs something green and leafy from her plate.

The Shiogama girls, on the other hand... Two of them look nearly identical. Twins, maybe? The same slender figure, and the same round face, the same worn look on both of them. They have the same hairstyle, even, something that looks like it was once a neat hime cut, what must have once been cheek-length sidelocks down past their jaws, an overly-long fringe shading their eyes. The only difference between them, really, is the hair colour and the clothes, one green-haired and the other a bright blonde. They're both dressed conservatively, in simple, plain dresses.

And both of them are sitting bracketing a brown-haired girl. She's startlingly muscular, from what you can see, her arms bared by a sleeveless dress in a deep maroon. She would be tall, you suspect, if it weren't for the way she hunches over, and you're close enough that you can see the bags under her dark pink eyes. There's a drawstring bag hanging over the back of her chair, from which you can feel the faint glow of magic.

All three of them seem to be sharing a platter of assorted pastries, mugs of drinks sitting beside them.

... You sense *two* Soul Gems among three girls.

Homura's eyes snap up as you approach, something like relief flickering across her face as she waves you over.

And since that's your cue, you walk right over, joining them at the table.

"Ah, Mami, Sabrina," Nadia says, attention flicking over. "It is good to see you."

"Apologies for being late," you say, bowing before seating yourself. "Hey, Homura, Nadia."

"Hello," Homura murmurs.

"It's not a problem," the brown-haired girl says. "You must be busy."

Nadia coughs delicately. "Tomoe-san, Sabrina, this is Saito Akemi-" she motions at the brown-haired girl in the middle, "-and these are Watanabe Noriko. Watanabe-san, Saito-san, these are Tomoe Mami and Sabrina."

"It's good to meet you," Akemi says, managing a wan smile.

"Thank you for having us," Noriko says. One of the Norikos. Apparently.

"We're sorry to hear about your loss," Mami says, bowing her head.

"Thank you," the other Noriko says, the one who you can actually sense a Soul Gem on. It's... odd, though, you can sense what's almost an echo of the *same* Soul Gem on the first Noriko. "It's appreciated. We are grateful for you inviting us to your city."

"Of course," you say. "We couldn't do anything less, when we heard about the troubles you had."

"We're grateful, anyway," Akemi says in that same quiet tone. She was probably more cheerful in times past, you think. There are laugh lines around her eyes, but now, she just looks tired and strained.

---

- [ ] Shiogama girls
  - [ ] Ask about...?
  - [ ] Ground rules
  - [ ] Demonstrate your powers
  - [ ] Show them their apartment
- [ ] Nadia
  - [ ] Pull her aside for a talk
    - [ ] About?
- [ ] Homura
  - [ ] Thank the Homu
  - [ ] Ask her if she wants to return to school
  - [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Updated later than I'd hoped for, my apologies.

Also, argh. Once again I forgot to mention the chapter change - *Highway 17* ended with the last post, and here we begin *To the White Forest*.
