# To the White Forest pt. 2

They're tired. Not physically, or maybe not *just* physically. Early morning train rides are one thing, but... they lost a friend, and just two months ago. Not that long ago, and more than recent enough for the loss to be *raw*. Nadia had said that the group was broken from that, and looking at them, you can believe it.

Well.

*This* is who you are.

You're here to help.

And so, you smile at them. You don't know their pain, but you can understand it, and you can have compassion.

"First things first," you say. "Do you girls need your Soul Gems cleansed?"

Rhetorical question, of course. They do. You're already holding your left hand out, Soul Gem shimmering into its egg form. No need to bother checking for anyone else watching either, not with your Grief fog hanging over the entire cafe like a heavy cloud.

You let them see the Grief seething under the surface of your Soul Gem, dark effluences marring the bright silvery-white glow. You tap your finger to the crystal, and draw away a streamer of Grief, forcing it into heavy, dense visibility in front of very wide eyes.

"Oh," Akemi says. There are tears in her eyes, and you can see her fumbling for Noriko's hand. Both Norikos are shaking as they latch on to Akemi from either side.

Nadia snorts quietly and buffs her fingernails on the hem of her shirt, looking very smug. "I do not *exaggerate*," she says.

You shoot her a *look*, before returning your attention to the two -three? two and a half? probably two- girls in front of you. "Don't ever hesitate to ask if you need cleansing," you say. "I offer it freely, and I only ask that you *be nice*. To us, to everyone who might come our way."

"You- you'll really let us stay here?" Noriko asks, her voice rough.

"We will," Mami says, smiling. Her hand finds yours under the table, squeezing gently. "Thanks to Sabrina, Mitakihara has no problem supporting more magical girls."

"We don't ask for much," you say, picking up the thread of conversation from Mami. "There are other matters that need to be discussed in the long run, but you must be tired, so we'll keep it short for now. Hunting is optional - but we ask that you call in any Witches or Familiars you might encounter. Similarly, if any *other* magical girls start causing trouble, let us know. Or if there are any magical girls *in* trouble. And... don't give Grief Seeds to Kyuubey."

"That's- that's it?" Noriko says. She visibly gathers herself -herselves- together, both bodies straightening up to stare at you. It's almost eerie, the impression somewhat ruined by the fact that her eyes are still teary.

"I want to *help,*" you say.

"*We* want to help," Mami supplies.

"And I can sustain us all without trouble," you continue. "Yes, that's really it. There are things coming up that you will need to be informed of, but your stay here isn't contingent on them, and there are no strings attached to my help, barring what I've already said."

"T-then. We're glad to be here," Noriko says. "Thank you for having us."

"Thank you," Akemi echoes.

"You're welcome," you say easily, still smiling at them. "But I still haven't cleansed your Soul Gems yet."

Akemi nods, flipping her left hand up. Her Soul Gem shimmers into view, the same dark pink as her eyes, and more than a bit of Grief churning under its surfaces. The Noriko on your left, with the brilliant green hair, holds *her* hand out with her Soul Gem. Both are occluded with more corruption than you're comfortable with allowing, seething angrily below the surface.

"May I?" you ask, reaching out a hand. All for show, but the better to put them at ease.

With their agreement, you draw forth streamers of Grief from their Soul Gems, allowing it to shimmer in the air in all its bilious glory before letting it dissolve into the fog.

"T-thank you," Akemi whispers, withdrawing her Soul Gem in a motion that's almost skittish.

"I'm here to help," you say, smiling. Mami squeezes your hand gently under the table, leaning against your side.

Noriko nods jerkily, staring at her Soul Gem. Shaking, she closes her fingers over the Soul Gem, the egg-shaped crystal vanishing into a ring once more.

"Anyway... you must be tired," you say. "If you'd like, we can show you to your apartment and continue this when you feel better?"

"That- that would be good," Akemi says, nodding.

"Alright," you say, glancing left and right. Homura meets your eyes, expression blank but relief in her posture as she drains her mug of tea and rises. Nadia, on the other hand, arches her eyebrows high and stands, apparently deciding that the remains of her leafy salad weren't much to her liking.

Mami smiles warm and proud and adoring at you as she stands. You don't let go of her hand, either, as you lead the group down the street. The Shiogama girls are content to follow, walking in a small huddle just a step behind as you take to the rooftops.

Roofhopping, rather than flying. You don't really want to overwhelm them too much - they look overwhelmed enough as it is. You murmur the address to Mami, and with a smile, she takes the lead as you bound across the roofs of Mitakihara, all spread out in a trailing V-shape.

You might have the address, but Mitakihara is *Mami's*. You can't match address to a destination, but Mami can. You let yourself fall into the rhythm - landing, tucking into a shoulder roll, and springing forward with the conserved momentum. It's none of the bold *grace* Mami has, but it's smooth, and comes naturally to you.

You take a moment to withdraw cash from storage in the cloud, a thought summoning a Grief sphere to you as you dash across a roof. It splits to disgorge a wad of cash, which you tuck away in your pocket without even breaking step.

Turns out that Hitomi's idea of a 'simple' apartment is in a decidedly upscale area, part of a cluster of rather recent-looking development. You head straight forward for the management office, to be greeted by a bespectacled man behind the desk. His eyes light up as you enter the room.

"Ah, Miss Sabrina, right?" he asks.

"That's me," you say, stepping forward to let the others filter into the room.

The man's eyes flick behind you to Mami, Homura, Nadia, and then the Shiogama girls, before very obviously deciding it's none of his business and refocusing on you.

... whatever he's being paid, it's not enough. Mami's in her magical girl costume, and it's elegant and bold and beautifully suited for her, but *normal it is not*. And *you* are in your admittedly-somewhat-less-outlandish costume, *and* you and Nadia aren't exactly locals, either.

"Excellent," he says, riffling through one of the paperwork trays on his desk. "I have the tenancy agreement here. Will you be signing?"

"Ah... no, I think... Miss Saito? Miss Watanabe?" you say, motioning them forward.

They exchange looks, and a Noriko steps forward - the one with the vividly blonde hair. Wordlessly, she picks up the contract, and starts to read rapidly.

You hum quietly to yourself, pulling cash from your pocket. Ten thousand yen notes, seventy of. A touch of Grief, slid in between each sheet, lets you count and riffle them in a smooth, easy motion. The touch of amusement in the smile Mami gives you means she probably spotted the trick.

Homura watches with an impassive face, attention flicking to you when she feels your attention on you. You smile at her, trying to project confidence at her. This is the right thing to do.

Nadia looks faintly approving, watching Noriko read the contract. It *does* rather befit a magical girl to be careful with *contracts*, after all, and so you try not to fidget too much as the blonde Noriko goes over the contract in detail.

Finally, Noriko motions for a pen. "I don't have..."

"I'll be covering the rent," you say, stepping forward and proffering the notes.

"Yes, indeed," the manager says, taking the notes without batting an eye. "Miss Shizuki did suggest that you might be paying in cash. For future reference, it would be preferable to set up a bank transfer, but that can wait until you are more settled."

"Err, noted," you say, grinning sheepishly.

The man counts the notes and tucks them carefully aside before adding his signature in flowing loops. "It looks like everything's in order, then," he says, producing a keyring from a drawer. "Here you are."

You motion towards Akemi and Noriko. "All yours."

Akemi takes it, her bow uncertain. "Thank you."

And so you head off to the apartment, taking the elevator in a slightly awkward silence. Noriko and Akemi keep staring around as if trying to reassure themselves that this is *real*.

You can feel Nadia's look on the side of your head, and you grin at her. "Hit the Yakuza for money," you explain, and glance at Noriko and Akemi. "Don't worry. There's no way they can track it down to *you*. In the unlikely event that they do find out -and they'd have to have magical girls of their own for that- they'd be coming after me."

You pause, scowling thoughtfully. "Though if you see someone wielding a mop instead of a katana, uh... probably just steer clear. And probably let me know. Yeah."

... well, you've successfully gotten them to trade awed disbelief for complete perplexity.

It's an improvement.

You finally arrive at the apartment, and wave Noriko forward.

"Tadaima," she murmurs hesitantly, glancing uncertainly back at you as she unlocks it and steps in. *I'm home.*

Mami nudges you, smiling.

"Okaeri," you respond, grinning as you follow her and Akemi in. *Welcome home.*

Akemi drops the bag on the floor, spinning around and staring with disbelieving eyes. It's a *nice* apartment, the furnishing a bit sparse, but perfectly serviceable. A floor-to-ceiling window illuminates the entire living room, with comfortable-looking sofas sitting around a coffee table. You can see the bedrooms through open doors, and the kitchen.

It's not better than Mami's apartment, of course, but you might be just a little bit biased there.

"Nice place," Nadia observes, looking around.

"I... all this is for us?" one Noriko whispers.

"If you have extra rooms, I might direct other magical girls here if they need a place to stay," you say with a shrug. "But yeah."

"Oh," Akemi says, still staring.

You shake your head. "Do you have money for groceries and such?"

"Um... yes, we still have some provisions," Noriko says.

"Alright. Don't be afraid to let me know if there's any problems at all. Witches, Familiars, Grief Seeds, magical girls, money, whatever," you say. "We'll leave you to it? I'm sure you're tired."

Akemi manages a jerky nod, and you all take it as your cue to exchange farewells and head out. Mami squeezes your hand.

"You did a good thing," she murmurs to you, giving you an adoring smile.

"They needed it," you say simply, and turn your attention to Nadia. "Thank you for your part in this, Nadia."

"It is not a problem," she says. There's a very amused smile on her face as she brushes curly hair out of her eyes.

"And Homura," you say, beaming at your friend. "Thank you for putting up with all this. I know it can't be easy."

Homura just nods, quiet and thoughtful.

"*Anyway*," you say, interlacing your fingers over your head and stretching. "Homura, could I, ah, have a moment of your time?"

Amethyst eyes flick up to meet yours, and she nods. "Of course."

"Cool," you say, motioning around the corner. "Mami, Nadia? Do you mind?"

"Of course, Sabrina," Mami says, smiling softly at you.

"No, no, please," Nadia says, flapping her hand at you.

Homura's already striding down the corridor, so you hurry to catch up. She transforms the moment she's out of sight with barely a flicker of light, reaching out to grab her shie-

-ld. You suck in a breath of still air, the dead silence of the timestop pressing in all around you, and you grin at Homura.

"I assume this is what you wanted," she says. She's got her hand around your wrist, binding you to her timestop.

"Yeah," you say, smiling back. "First of all, thank you *so much* for putting up with me and my... everything. Second of all, may I give you a hug?"

Homura shrugs, looking away. You take that as permission and pull her into a proper hug, wrapping your arms around her too-thin shoulders and pulling her into a warm embrace.

"*Thank* you," you murmur into her ear. "For putting up with me."

"It's no problem," Homura mumbles into your shoulder. She is *far* too bony, and you definitely need to get her eating at your place more often. If possible, anyway.

You release her a few moments later, beaming.

"Do you think they'll stay to fight Walpurgisnacht?" she asks.

"I don't know for sure," you say, shaking your head. "And I'm not gonna compel them to. But I *am* going to tell them as much as I can, and ask them. And well... this is their home now, too. Hopefully they'll want to defend it. In the end, though, I wouldn't want someone who didn't *want* to fight there on the battlefield."

Homura nods, head dipping fractionally. "And if people hear about this, they'll come to Mitakihara."

"That's the idea," you say, grinning easily. "Lots of magical girls means lots of problems, but... I want to help. And at least *some* of them will stay for Walpurgisnacht."

"I see," Homura says, nodding once more. She seems thoughtful, at least. "What did you want to talk about?"

"Is Nadia Witchbombed, do you know? You must've met her before, right?" you ask.

"She is," Homura confirms.

"Ah, good," you say, relaxing and smiling. "Excellent."

Amethyst eyes flicker to you again, brow creasing faintly, but she doesn't say anything.

"What is it, Homura?" you prompt gently.

"... why do you have Mami's beret?" Homura asks.

"Er," you say, cheeks tinging red. "I thought it would be cute to steal it?"

"... I see," Homura says.

You cough awkwardly, looking away. "Anyway. Do you think you'll have the time to discuss things this afternoon after school? After everything settles down?"

"Yes," Homura says. "Can you cleanse my Soul Gem?"

"Alright, good," you say, beaming. "And I was going to ask if you didn't. I've got my powers for a reason, eh?"

Homura nods, silently lifting her hand to present her Soul Gem. You flick your fingers, beckoning the Grief towards you. There's more of it than you'd expected, but you wipe her Gem clean nonetheless.

"There you go," you say.

"Thank you," Homura murmurs, lowering her hand. "Is there anything else?"

"Nah, that's it," you say. "Shall we?"

"Yes," Homura says, reaching for her shield.

With a shuddering rush, time surges back on, colour and life and noise flooding the world. You grin at Homura one more time as she detransforms, and you trot around the corner to rejoin Mami and Nadia, sliding an arm around Mami's waist.

"So, what's the plan for you?" you ask, addressing the question to Nadia and Homura. "I know Mami's going to rejoin school after lunch. Homura, Nadia?"

The traveller frowns thoughtfully. "I think I will be leaving," she decides. "The world calls, *fimti*?"

"Spent too long here?" you ask, laughing and motioning towards the elevator. "Well, I'd appreciate a quick word before you left, if you have the time?"

"Of course," Nadia says as the lift arrives and you head up.

You smile softly at Mami and give her a quick kiss on the cheek. "Sorry, Mami, I'll have to pop off again for a little bit more."

"No, I understand," Mami says, blushing. "I understand, Sabrina."

"Alright, if you're sure," you say. "I hate to make you wait so much, though."

"I do understand, Sabrina," Mami says softly. She leans against your side, snuggling close.

You make your way to the rooftop by the stairs, and take a few minutes to create a privacy sphere before gesturing Nadia in while Homura and Mami withdraw to a side. She follows obligingly, peering curiously at the hazy world through the sphere.

"This is just to be sure there's no one eavesdropping on us," you explain.

"Ah," Nadia says, eyes narrowing. "I see. What did you want to ask?"

Moment of truth, as it were.

"Well. I'm going to be interacting with magical girls from all around the world soon," you say slowly. You'd thought long and hard about how best to phrase your query. "So I just want to know if there might be any... facts of magical girl life that girls from different places might respond poorly to, so that I can be careful with those subjects."

"There are, mm, facts about Witches that magical girls from all over the world respond poorly to," Nadia says, equally careful.

"Like the origin of Witches?" you ask.

"Ah. Good." Nadia folds her arms. "You know."

"I know," you agree, shoulders sagging. "Good."

Nadia smirks, lopsided and bitter. "It is hard to travel so much and not know."

"Yeah, well," you say, exhaling slowly. "So, in light of that, the Fukushima girls are still valid guards for Anri?"

"Yes," Nadia says, nodding.

"Anything you can tell me about them?" you ask.

"You have met them in Sendai," Nadia says. "I have heard, mm, what happened there. They will do the job, as long as you pay them, *fimti*? Are you asking they come here, or sending your Clear Seed thief there?"

"I was thinking of sending Anri there," you say. "But really it depends on how negotiations work out."

Nadia shrugs. "As long as you pay."

"No problem there," you say cheerfully. "Anyway, do you know who else in the immediate area knows about the whole Witch thing?"

"I am not very sure," Nadia says, shrugging. "It is a topic I am careful about. You understand. Your Tomoe Mami does not know, correct?"

"Correct," you say. "Homura knows. Mami doesn't, Sayaka doesn't, and I'd like to keep it that way until much later. They don't... they don't need to know."

"Then you know why I am careful," Nadia says, nodding firmly. "Some of Tokyo knows. Not all."

"Oh!" you say, snapping your fingers. "Speaking of Tokyo, I know there's a Taniguchi Emi there. Do you know if there's another Taniguchi? Are they related?"

"Yes," Nadia says, frowning. "Taniguchi Aimi. Not related. It is a common surname?"

"OK, good, I just wanted to confirm," you say. "Anyway... OK, so. Since you know, between you and me, one of the reasons I'm very interested is that I want to work on turning Witches *back*. One of the reasons I'm hoping to meet up with Riona Mag Aoidh."

Nadia nods, tanned skin a touch pale. "I see," she says. "We know each other knows. Do you have different messages for me to carry?"

---

- [ ] Nadia
- [ ] Any specific message?
- [ ] Any questions?
- [ ] Lunch
- [ ] Head back home to cook lunch
- [ ] Get takeout
- [ ] Invite Homura along
- [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Shiogama girls
- [ ] Anything to note?
- [ ] Homura
- [ ] Anything to tell her?
- [ ] Mami
- [x] Hugs
- [ ] Any particular conversation?
- [ ] Lunchtime
- [ ] Conversation topics?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Offer Nadia introductions with other Mitakihara groups.

\=====​

Next vote should bring you over to lunch with the rest of the gang at Mitakihara Middle School!
