# To the White Forest pt. 3

"Yeah," you say. "I do, actually. Quite a few thoughts."

Nadia watches you carefully, tucking her left hand into her pocket and raising her eyebrows at you.

"Right... right," you say, more to buy time to order your thoughts than anything. "First of all, I... look, I know de-Witching is probably a tricky subject, and I'd appreciate any advice or cautionary tales. But I'm going to say, upfront, that I *know* it's probably going to be slow going, and I know I'm going to have to be careful with it."

"There have been incidents," Nadia says with a slow, wary nod. "Never... anything so big, so... ambitious? They want to bring back their friend, *fimti*? They stretch themselves thin. Or..."

Nadia shakes her, grimacing. "There was an incident, two years ago in Estonia. I never saw it, but stories, *fimti*? I have to protect myself, stay away from unstable areas. A girl captured others for experiments. Others hunted her down for it."

"Yeech," you say, swallowing. "I have *no* intention of doing anything like that. C'mon, Nadia, I want to *help*. It's what I'm *for*."

"That is not what I mean," Nadia says. Her accent thickens when she gets emotional, you notice. "It is a dangerous road."

"Yeah, I know," you say. "I'm not afraid of danger, and... I want to help. I don't *want* people to fall to despair any more, and I want to save those who have."

Nadia nods slowly.

"Oh, and..." you say. "Do you know if Kyuubey interferes with such attempts? It's... really my biggest worry."

"I do not know. I stay away from girls like that, as I said. It is always the desperate, the crazy," Nadia says, making a searching gesture with her free hand. "It is possible that nothing *has* to be done to... destabilize the situation, *fimti*?"

"Well. I'm not desperate," you say, grinning and pointing a finger at her. "Or crazy. Maybe a little brain-damaged."

Nadia laughs, full-throated and loud. "You must be, or why would you be considering this?"

"Well..." You comb your fingers through your hair, tucking that flyaway lock behind your ear again. "Because I want to *help*. That's all there is to it."

"What makes you think you can?" Nadia asks, dark eyebrows arching once more.

"You mean, beyond having a literal one-of-a-kind power backing me up?" you ask, grinning. "So... the thing about Clear Seeds is that... Hm. Let me start at the top."

"Yes?" Nadia says, intent.

"So. My powers let me control Grief. This lets me do things like the privacy field," you say, gesturing at the sphere surrounding you. Outside of the hazy boundaries, you can see Mami's eyes widen, eyes darting to the Grief sphere before turning amused. Homura looks faintly exasperated.

Huh.

"It's also what lets me empty out Grief from Grief Seeds," you say. "And that's literally all I do - I just suck all the Grief out. A Barrier is made entirely of Grief, and it all collapses down when the Witch dies."

"That makes sense," Nadia agrees, eyes intent on you as she makes a 'go on' little motion with her hand.

"Thing is, I can also *sense* Grief. It wouldn't make much sense to be able to control it otherwise," you say. "It means I can also sense *Witches*, even in Grief Seed form. And a full Grief Seed is... they're *active*, somehow. Despairing, even as Seeds."

Nadia's expressive eyebrows meet in the middle.

"But if I *empty* a Grief Seed out, they go quiet," you say. "Peaceful, even. I don't understand fully what's happening, but *something* is. And I'm intending to explore it."

"I... see," Nadia says, nodding slowly. "I agree, you probably have a chance. Should I tell people this?"

"If they're aware of the entire thing with Witches, and if you think it'd help," you say. "I'd trust your judgement there, since you're the one who knows everyone... speaking of." You hold your arms out wide, as if to encompass the world. "Do you think there's anyone I should meet, who might be interested or who can contribute to this?"

"Who are aware of the origins of Witches, not insane, nor desperate, and able to help?" Nadia blinks slowly. "No. I do not know right now. Perhaps Rionna. Perhaps not. Such a combination... It comes rarely. Kyuubey, he manipulates events, *fimti*? But I will ask around quietly."

"... Yeah," you say. "Yeah, I do get that."

"I will let you know," she says, nodding.

"Right. Thanks," you say, scowling at the floor. "Right... any word on Sendai and Ishinomaki, by the by?"

Nadia shrugs carelessly, spreading her hands. "The conflict has quieted. What do you want to know?"

"No, I mean... do you know how the conflict started up?" you ask.

"*Ah*," Nadia says, tapping her lower lip with a finger. "I see. There was a girl, in Sendai. Named Kato Setsuko. She was the founder of the current group, with Minami Yumi, Hisakawa Izumi and Tachibana Sakura. Hamasaki Akiko was their friend, but not yet a magical girl... you understand, this is hearsay. I was not there, *fimti*?"

"Yeah, of course," you say, nodding.

"Yes, good. They are holding the city," Nadia says, gesturing with her hand as if to encircle said city. "Kato Setsuko, she was... generous. She liked to meet other magical girls. An... astral projector, is that the right word? She could cast a spirit form out, but her body was vulnerable, *fimti*?"

"Yeah, that's correct," you say.

"Mm," Nadia says. "Hisakwa Izumi wanted to farm Familiars. It is letting Familiars go, so they become Witches, *fimti*? They fight over it, and Hisakawa Izumi is killed in the fighting. Kato Setsuko is... shaken. Hamasaki Akiko becomes a magical girl, but Kato Setsuko leaves the city."

"I know she passes through Mitakihara, to Ishinomaki," you say.

"And there her story ends," Nadia says with a grimace. "I do not know what happened to her. I think she turned into a Witch there, but I do not know for sure. Nobody does."

"Right," you say, swallowing. That... well, you always kind of suspected that. Topic change. "Also... uh, while we're on the topic of Sendai, Mori Rin offered to help mediate between Fukushima and me, if I wanted," you say. "What do you think?"

Nadia cocks her head, giving you an odd look. "That is between you and her," she says. "Miss Mori is a pleasant girl. But I think it would be a slight to not take her offer, *fimti*? I understand you fought the Fukushima group. It would be good to have a, mm, buffer."

"Yeah, that makes sense," you say, frowning. "Right, thanks."

"Is there anything else?" Nadia asks.

"Nah," you say, and grin with her. "We're gonna make lunch now, though. You're invited, if you want?"

Nadia purses her lips, considering. "Thank you, but no," she says, smiling faintly. "It is tempting, but my feet are itchy."

"Ah," you say, offering your hand to her. "Well, I won't keep you, then. Thank you so, so much for all your help. You've been absolutely invaluable, and I really appreciate it."

"You are welcome," she says, grinning back at you and clasping your hand. "It is, as you say, what I'm for."

"Alright, then," you say, and wave grandly at the sides of your privacy field. The hazy outline dissolves, fresh air from outside sweet and cool.

Mami notices all but immediately, attention snapping to you. She walks over, arms slightly raised in unspoken invitation, one you answer by sweeping her up in your arms.

"Ah... Sabrina?" she mumbles, cuddling into the hug. "You... gave Miss Watanabe and Miss Saito a bit of a scare."

"A scare...?" you say. "A scare- oh." You glance back at where the privacy sphere was. The very *Witchy* privacy sphere. Formed right on the roof of the Shiogama girls' apartment. That would explain Homura's disapproving stare.

"We reassured them, and told them it was under control," Mami says, burying her face against your shoulder. "No harm done."

"No harm done?" you ask, directing the question to both Mami and Homura.

"No harm done," Homura murmurs. "We explained briefly. They understood."

"Yeaaaah, thanks for that. All of you," you say, wincing. "Would've been a disaster if it weren't for you."

"You have good friends," Nadia observes quietly.

"I really do," you say, shifting into a sidelong hug with Mami. "You're sure you don't want to stay for lunch?"

Nadia shakes her head. "It has been a good experience," she says. "But I hunger to travel, *fimti*?"

"Ah, you're leaving?" Mami asks, offering her hand. "It's been good to see you."

"Agreed," Nadia says, trading handshakes with Mami. "It has been good to meet all of you. Tell your friend Sayaka, *fimti*? I am sorry I could not say goodbye." She bows to Homura. "I will carry word of you. All of you. I will be back - and I expect to hear word of what you do!"

"Before you go, Nadia-" you say, raising a finger. "Cleansing?"

"Yes, that would be appreciated," Nadia says, nodding and holding out her Soul Gem.

You grin, and wipe the Grief from her Soul Gem. You take a moment to delve just a little deeper for her Witch name-

*Nellie*.

You take a breath, and smile at Nadia. "Farewell, Nadia," you say. Unless something goes horribly wrong, this may be the last time you see her for a while. "Take care of yourself, yeah? Safe travels."

"I always do," Nadia says with a smirk. She accepts Homura's murmured goodbye, and turns, waving one last time before sprinting straight up into the air. Headed for the train station, it seems.

You grin, and exhale before turning to your friends. "Alright. Next, lunch, cooking or buying thereof. Do we have time? Also, you're invited, Homura."

"We should have time to cook if we hurry," Mami says.

You speak somewhat fluent Homura-ese, by this point, and you can read the *want* in the little twitch towards Mami.

"Alright, that's three in favour," you say, grinning and taking Mami's hand. "Let's go home. Also, I need to get out of my pyjamas... hm."

"What is it, Sabrina?" Mami asks as you walk towards the edge of the roof.

"... Homura, I don't quite remember - did you let Sayaka change into a school uniform before bringing her over this morning?" you ask, propping one foot up on the ledge and glancing back at Homura.

"... no," Homura says.

"Oh dear," Mami says, stifling a giggle.

"I'm surprised she hasn't complained at us yet," you say, tensing and leaping for the next roof over.

"Must've figured something out!" Mami calls as she bounds after you.

"Guess so!" you call back, snatching for Mami's beret to ensure it doesn't fly off. And from there it's banter and chatting as you leap over the rooftops of Mitakihara, sailing through the air. It might be more efficient to stick with your Mobile Oppression Fortress, but it's nice to stretch your legs once in a while.

Speaking of the Mobile Oppression Fortress, maybe you should think of a new name for it. The current one is rather... oppressive. It hardly carries the right connotation of your intentions, after all.

You make good time, crossing the city and getting back *home*. As Mami unlocks the door, you regretfully take Mami's beret off and place it back on her head.

"It looks better on you, anyway," you say with a warm smile, taking your shoes off and following Mami into the apartment. Homura trails behind, a quiet shadow.

"I think you looked quite dashing with the beret!" Mami says, blushing a little.

"Maybe I should get my own," you muse.

"You'd look good with one," Mami says with a firm nod.

"Or maybe a fedora, a big, floppy one," you continue, giving Homura a smile and motioning towards the sofa. "In blue! They could call me Azure Sanfrancisco!"

"... um?" Mami asks, blinking at you as she heads for the bedroom.

"Like Carmen Sandiego!" you say. "Except I steal people's Grief. Muahaha!"

"Oh, Sabrina," Mami says, giving you a fond smile and half shutting the door so she can peek out. "I'll be just a moment. In the meantime, we need to decide what to cook!"

"Cream stew!" you volunteer with a sidelong glance at Homura.

"That's a good idea!" Mami calls, voice muffled by the bedroom door. "Since we can bring it to school fresh and hot! But it can't be the only thing we cook!"

"Yep!" you say. You swap suggestions back and forth as Mami changes, followed by you, before finally deciding on some simple bentos with cream stew as a side dish. Homura seems pleased by this decision, and you insist on making her a lunchbox too.

You join Mami in the kitchen, already starting to heat butter for the roux, and to brown the meat. It'll take the longest of all the things to cook, but...

You glance at Mami. Seeming to read your thoughts, she nods, tipping her head slightly towards the living room. The cream stew might take more effort, but it's worth putting effort into making your friend happy.

Mami swings effortlessly around you to collect mince from the freezer as you start dicing onions, exchanging smiles with her. Cooking's an almost automatic action, and with that in mind, you turn your attention to other matters.

It would be awfully nice to get the Fukushima girls on a permanent retainer. If they accept your Clear Seed, that's their fee paid a million times over, if not a billion times. And that'd keep them out of harms' way for a good long while, too, but the question is if that's even a reasonable thing to ask of them.

Still. No time like the present.

"*Hello, Rin?*" you ask. "*Do you have a moment?*"

"*Ah, Sabrina?*" the healer replies. "*What can I do for you?*"

"*Um... a couple of days ago, you offered to help mediate if I wanted to contact the Fukushima girls,*" you say, absently adding flour to the roux and stirring. "*Does that offer still stand?*"

"*Of course!*" Rin says. "*When were you thinking?*"

"*Well, lemme back up - I'm hoping to acquire their services to help guard a prisoner,*" you say. "*And sooner would be better than later, if possible? I was thinking we could contact them now, and meet face to face after lunch, if it's at all possible? I can provide transport.*"

"*Oh, that's awfully short notice...*" Rin says. You can hear the frowning. "*It should be doable. And *I* should be offering you transport!*"

"*Well, I'm not sure Sakura likes me very much,*" you say, and start in on the carrots. They won't get properly soft, but you can't do without for the stew. "*Does she still call me Witch girl?*"

"*... I shouldn't say,*" Rin demurs quickly. "*Nevertheless. Shall I put us through?*"

"*Go for it!*" you say, accepting defrosted meat from Mami with a quick smile. You feel the connection snap up moments later.

"*Hello, Miss Tsuruya? This is Mori Rin, from Sendai, and Sabrina from Mitakihara. May we have a moment of your time?*" Rin asks.

"*Miss Mori!*" a new voice says, surprisingly chipper and light. "*It's good to hear from you. Miss Sabrina... you would be the one who defeated my friends in Sendai, correct?*"

"*Er, yes,*" you say. "*That would be me.*"

"*Ah, Sabrina, this is Tsuruya Yuki,*" Rin says. "*She's the leader of the Fukushima group.*"

"*I see, I see,*" Yuki says, tone giving nothing of her thoughts away. "*That is, indeed, me. What might you be contacting us for today, then?*"

"*I'd like to acquire your services,*" you say. "*I need a small group confined humanely, for up to a few months. Currently just one, but possibly more to come.*"

"*Ah!*" Yuki says, sounding delighted, if anything. "*The old problem of only being able to be in one place at a time, correct? Not all of us can be teleporters or cloners... We can certainly negotiate this. I presume you already have this prisoner and need arrangements made quickly?*"

"*Yes and yes,*" you agree, carefully browning the meat while keeping the roux stirred with Grief around the handle of a spoon. "*Would sometime after lunch today be possible?*"

"*Two o'clock?*" Yuki counters.

"*That's fine by me, if I can impose on Rin for transportation?*" you say. A bit tight, by timing. "*Rin?*"

"*Ah... yes, I'll let Sakura know,*" Rin says.

"*Oh, you're in on this too, Miss Mori?*" Yuki says, sounding interested. "*Fascinating.*"

"*Only as an intermediary,*" Rin says.

"*Oho,*" Yuki says. "*Then yes, two it shall be?*"

**\[] Yuki and Rin
\- \[] Confirm meeting
\- \[] Bring up Clear Seeds
\[X] Finish cooking lunch
\[] Conversation
\- \[] Mami
\-- \[] Hats
\-- \[] Naming the Mobile Oppression Fortress
\-- \[] Something else?
\- \[] Homura
\-- \[] Eating properly
\-- \[] Something else?
\[] Lunch
\- \[] Write-in conversation topics
\[] Head off to meet the Fukushima girls
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Lunch should finish up in just the one update!
