# To the White Forest pt. 4

"*Alrighty,*" you say, giving Mami a quick smile as she hands you chopped onions, almost before you need them. "*Two o'clock for the meeting sounds good to me.*"

"*I'll arrange the meeting place in Mitakihara later,*" Rin says.

"*Alright, thanks, Rin,*" you say.

"*One item of business,*" Yuki says, cutting in smoothly. "*Since you were referred to us by Miss Mori, I assume you know our pricing?*"

"*I... don't, actually. Well, I remember you being paid twenty Grief Seeds for your... escapades in Sendai,*" you say, trying to keep your voice even despite the memory of the complete and utter mess that was. "*But I *don't* know your price for keeping prisoners. Do you have a standardized one?*"

"*... we don't,*" Yuki admits after a pause. "*Acting as wardens is atypical as far as our jobs go. The specifics we can negotiate, but I consider it a point to warn any potential employers that we don't sell our services cheap.*"

"*Right,*" you say, beaming appreciatively at Mami as she joins you at the stove, frying some beef to perfect, savoury fragrance. You don't even bump into her elbow even though you're working side-by-side. "*Well, have you heard about *me* yet?*"

"*Some very interesting things,*" Yuki admits.

"*Among other things, I want to negotiate payment with a Clear Seed, if you've heard of that,*" you say. "*It's... well, it's a regular Grief Seed with the Grief emptied out, and so lasts much, much longer. I'd be happy to go over the details in person later?*"

"*Interesting,*" Yuki says. "*Yes, an in-person demonstration and discussion would be great.*"

"*Alright. See you soon, then,*" you say. "*Rin, just one thing before we're done here - I'm currently carrying a lot of Grief. Do you think Sakura will have problems with that?*"

"Problems*yes, problems... probably not,*" Rin says, voice dry. "*I'll let her know.*"

"*Alright. Thank you for all your help, and see you soon,*" you say, nodding faintly to yourself as you finally start simmering the stew. It'll be cutting it close, but it'll be done just in time, you think. "*And thank you for hearing me out, Miss Tsuruya!*"

"*Hardly a bother,*" Yuki says.

"*I will be there,*" Rin says, and disconnects.

"Went well?" Mami murmurs from beside you.

"Yeah," you say. You're not even going to bother asking how she knows you were on telepathy. "Gonna meet with the Fukushima girls to arrange something for Anri at about two, and be back in time to meet you after school."

Mami's silent for a moment before nodding and smiling softly at you. "OK," she whispers. "I'll be waiting for you."

"And I have your ribbon," you say, lifting your wrist so that your ribbon-turned-bracelet glints at her. "Anywhere, anytime."

Mami nods. Her blush is *adorable*, and you bump your shoulder against hers gently. Mami can keep an eye on the stew without you, so that means you go to the fridge to retrieve ingredients for a salad, and take a moment to update Oriko.

"*Oriko, Kirika?*" you say.

"*Hello, Sabrina.*" Oriko responds nearly instantly.

"*Heya,*" you say. "*Just updating you - gonna be talking to the Fukushima girls at two. I'll come grab Anri as soon as possible. And I'll be talking to Homura and Sayaka after school today, alright?*"

"*Yay!*" Kirika cheers.

"*Very well. The update is appreciated. And...*" Oriko hesitates. "*Thank you, Sabrina.*"

"*Nah. Thank *you* for all the work you've put in,*" you say. "*And thank you for listening back then.*"

"*You are welcome,*" Oriko says.

You start shredding lettuce, contemplative for a moment. "*Well. Talk to you soon, hopefully with good news!*"

"*Later!*" Kirika chirps.

"*Goodbye,*" Oriko says, and ends the connection.

You hum quietly as you start to assemble the lunchboxes, rice fresh out of the cooker, beef from Mami's stir fry, the stew in its own box... Olive oil vinaigrette with the salad, you decide. Quick and simple, and you have good balsamic vinegar to go with it. You grab a few tomatoes and slice them up.

You sense Homura approaching the kitchen, apparently drawn by the smell of your cooking. "Hey, Homura!"

"... hello," she murmurs, trying and failing to lurk inconspicuously at the threshold to the kitchen. The inconspicuous part, that is. She's lurking successfully, insofar as standing awkwardly counts as lurking.

"You can come in if you'd like," Mami says, looking up from the stove with a smile. "We'll be done soon!"

"All thanks to Mami, of course," you say with a fond smile for her. "But yeah, you don't have to just haunt the door, Homura."

The time traveller takes a tentative step, approaching the counter so that she can lean against it. You grin approvingly, flicking a slice of tomato at her. She snatches it out of the air, inspecting it before popping it into her mouth.

"Mami figured out a really cool new technique today," you note. "Well, kind of a combo technique?"

Mami tilts her head inquisitively at you, still watching the stove carefully to ensure nothing burns.

"The ribbon grid," you tell her, and smile at Homura. As much as anything else, this'll help set her mind at ease, you hope. "One of my limitations is my short range, right? But Mami doesn't have any such problems, because she's awesome."

Homura gives you a look, indicating that you should continue.

"So Mami spreads her ribbons, *invisibly*, across a good quarter of the city," you continue, tossing the salad. Just to show off, you flip it extra hard, catching the flying vegetables out of the air with Grief. "And she lets me channel my magic through the ribbons to extend my range, tracking the city down."

"I see," Homura says, glancing at the display for a second before returning her attention to the stove.

"Mami's awesome," you say, grinning at Homura as you start to fill the lunchboxes. "And now we have a reliable way of tracking people halfway across the city rather than combing it street by street. And honestly, other magical effects! I think."

"You make a good team," Homura says, voice quiet.

"We do," you say, catching Mami's eye and beaming at her.

"We're nearly done," Mami says, blushing and ducking her head. "The stew will go in its own container, right?"

"Lunchboxes are done, and yeah - I'll carry it to school," you say. "I can make sure it doesn't spill!"

Mami smiles at you, and then Homura, pursing her lips thoughtfully. She ladles some of the cream stew into a saucer and handing it to Homura.

"Just a taster," she says, smiling.

You stifle your giggle as Homura guzzles the stew up in an instant. You hand Mami a plastic container, and put the finishing touches on the lunchboxes. "All done!"

"I'm done too," Mami says, glancing at the dishes, and then the time. "Ah..."

"We can come back for the dishes later," you say, smiling softly. "Leave them in the sink to soak?"

"Alright," Mami says, with a relieved smile.

Before long, you're headed out by the rooftops, the lunchboxes and container full of stew packed in a careful, tightly wrapped Grief box that sails through the air beside you like a tiny Mobile Oppression Fortress, dead level and steady.

Speaking of which...

"Hey Mami," you call over the wind. "Homura! Do you have any suggestions for a name for my, ah-" land, tuck, and sprint "-flight disc? I've been mentally calling it the Mobile Oppression Fortress-" coil and *jump* "-but that's not really a good name. I don't oppress people on a regular basis. Or even very often. It's false advertising!"

Mami laughs, the sound carrying across the rooftop.

"I'll think about it!" she calls cheerfully, hefting her schoolbag on her shoulder.

"Maybe the Arthra?" you ask, grinning back at her as you pop up from a landing.

"But Prima Luce is a perfectly good name!" Mami says.

"I'm sure I could come up with something else for the Arc-en-Ciel," you counter, laughing.

"It's an option!" Mami calls back. "But copying someone else's name isn't as good, you know?"

"True, true," you agree. "So... I was also thinking about-" pivot on a foot to swing around a vent "-trying to make a pocket chibi of myself. Non-Witchy!"

"Um?" Mami says.

"Well, I could give one to you!" you say, grinning and pushing off the roof for the next one, pitching your arms out for balance as you sail through the air. "And go to school with you! Maybe keep one with my Soul Gem just in case, that kind of thing."

"I'd like that," Mami says, beaming. "Maybe I could try making a smaller chibi for you?"

"Nah, if anything, I should be trying to-" shoulder roll to bleed momentum and take off into a sprint "-help you make a full sized clone! And Homura!"

The time traveller glances at you, midnight-black hair streaming in the wind.

"You should trying making clones, too!" you say.

"My magic is not well suited for it," she mutters, almost inaudible over the speed of your roofhop.

"Doesn't mean you can't try!" you say, grinning cheerfully.

You banter back and forth, trying to convince Homura to make a chibi-her. Mami's more than amused with the notion, offering to pitch in too, and you make it to the school in record time, landing on the roof. You make a beeline for the bench, carefully setting out the cooked lunch - and sure enough, the schoolbell rings moments later.

The chatter of happy teenagers fills the building, bubbling up from below. You can sense a virtually *dizzying* array of movement in the building beneath you, Grief fog giving you a perfect, three dimensional map. And *there's* Sayaka, so the two moving with her would be Madoka and Hitomi.

"Heya!" Sayaka says, bounding up the staircase, Hitomi and Madoka a step behind.

"Aw, you're in your school uniform," you say, grinning. Not even a magically conjured school uniform such as might have been taken from a clone, either. "Hey Madoka, hey Hitomi."

"Mm?" Sayaka asks, blinking. "Oh, no- well, my clone had to get dressed too, so I just took the uniform off her. Why do yo- wait." Her eyes narrow at you, and then Mami.

"No comment," you say. "Also, we cooked to share\~!"

"Oh!" Madoka says, brightening as she approaches. "Thank you, Mami, Sabrina! Your cooking is amazing."

"Ah, it's nothing," Mami says. "And Sabrina di-"

"Nope!" you say, cheerfully and wrapping an arm around Mami. "I *helped*. But it's Mami's cooking."

Madoka giggles, and you all settle on the benches, enjoying the warm sunshine. You pop open the tub of cream stew, floating it in the middle of your little group.

"Ohhh," Madoka says, leaning forward eagerly. "Cream stew!"

"I remember you enjoyed this," Mami says with a warm smile. "Homura, too. Enjoy, everyone!"

You all dig in with gusto, Mami leaning against your side and happily scarfing up her lunch.

"By the way, Hitomi," you say, smiling at your friend. "Thank you so much for coming through on the apartment, on such short notice. The Shiogama girls loved it."

"It wasn't a problem," Hitomi says, returning your smile. "Shiogama..."

"Ah, yes, they were formerly from Shiogama," you explain, and grin sheepishly. "Also, thanks for letting the manager know that, y'know, I'd probably be paying by cash."

"Not a problem," Hitomi says, nodding. "I thought it might ease issues a bit."

"Ugh, I can only imagine," you say with a wince. "I mean, it *is* stolen yakuza money."

Hitomi shakes her head slowly. "Only you."

"Only Sabrina," Sayaka agrees, waving her chopsticks at you.

"Hey, I resent that," you say, mock-glaring at everyone. "Mami, I'm not that bad, am I?"

Mami shakes her head, looking mournful. "You *are* that bad, Sabrina," she says sadly, and tucks her head against your shoulder. "But I like you just the way you are."

You beam at her. "Well. I can live with that."

"Oh my god," Sayaka says, and covers Hitomi's eyes. "Madoka! Cover Homura's eyes lest she be scarred for life!"

"Too late for me," Homura mutters.

"Right, you heard her, save yourself, Madoka!" Sayaka declares.

Mami laughs, smiling at your friends.

"What happened today, Mami, Sabrina?" Madoka asks, looking between the two of you. "And Sayaka? You weren't properly in school, right?"

"Ahh..." you glance at Mami. "So you know Mami's old student came over, right? You met her, Kazumi."

Madoka nods happily.

"In the middle of the night, their friends back home were robbed," you explain.

"That's horrible!" Madoka says, eyes going wide.

"So naturally, we had to go hunt down the perpetrators!" Sayaka says, grinning and clenching her fist.

"Especially since they stole a Clear Seed that Sabrina had gifted to the Pleiades Saints," Mami says gravely.

"We'd have gone anyway," you say. "Because what else am I here for, if not to *help*?"

Madoka nods vigorously, twintails bouncing.

"So we packed up and went, Mami, Sayaka, Kazumi and her friends, and me," you say. "We flew to Asunaro as fast as we could..."

You regale them with the story, with helpful additions from Mami and Sayaka. And you take care to praise them as much as you can, too, because let's face it - both of them *more* than pulled their own weight there in Asunaro. And you're proud of them.

"... oh, and I almost forgot the most important part of the story! I stole Mami's beret," you say with a firm nod.

Madoka fakes a look of utter shock. "No!"

"She really did," Sayaka says.

"That's horrible!" Madoka says. "You don't just steal someone's *hat*!"

"I know," you say, hanging your head. "Mami just looks so good, I tried to capture some of that radiance for myself."

"Get your own hat!" Madoka scolds.

"If you wanted one, I would fully support your endeavours to get one, Sabrina," Mami says keeping a lofty tone despite the rosy blush on her cheeks. "But you look fantastic with or without a hat."

You beam at her. "Well, as I was saying earlier, I was thinking about a fedora. Big enough to have a floppy brim, like way out to *here-*" you gesture a wide circle around your head for emphasis "-and blue, of course. People could call me Azure Sanfrancisco!"

Silence.

Very slowly, Sayaka puts her hand to her face and groans.

"... I don't get it," Hitomi admits.

"Yes, you do," Sayaka says. "Carmen Sandiego? I *know* we made you watch it with us."

"Carmen..." Hitomi's eyes light up in understanding. "Oooh."

You laugh, and let the conversation lapse into silliness as lunch winds to a close. Eventually, though, it's time to go. You bid your friends goodbye, Madoka and Sayaka and Hitomi heading off back to classes - but not Mami and Homura. Not yet.

"We need to go in through the front door," Homura notes.

"Otherwise they'll wonder how we got in," Mami agrees.

"... you know," you muse. "You know how Mami and I *and* Sayaka rolled right out of bed and haven't had the opportunity to change out of our pajamas..."

Mami blinks at you, and then stares at Homura.

"My powers," Homura says, bland and unruffled.

"Oh. Dangit," you say. "That's cheating."

Mami giggles, patting your arm fondly. "Shall we?"

And so you do, hopping off to the next building over and emerging from the alley. You loop your arm with Mami's as you walk up to the school gates.

"I'll see you later, Mami," you say, giving her a soft smile, and raise your left hand where the ribbon band glints. "Don't forget!"

"Alright," Mami says, burrowing into your arms and hugging you tight before releasing you.

You watch as Mami and Homura head in, trading a nod with the truancy officer before heading off. Doesn't he ever take breaks? It seems like he's always there when you show up.

But for now\...

You glance up at the sun. It's a little earlier than your designated pickup time from Rin and Sakura, so you decide to head home and do the dishes - you've got the lunchboxes with you, anyway.

And so you head home. It's a little emptier, a little less warm without Mami there, but still, it's home. You hum as you do the dishes, swaying to the tune and setting everything neatly on the drying rack.

"*Hello, Sabrina?*" Rin's voice asks.

"*Hey, Rin!*" you say. "*Good timing!*"

"*Where shall we meet you?*" she asks.

"*Where should *I* meet you?*" you counter. "*At your convenience.*"

"*At the really tall DBJ building?*" Rin suggests. "*I know that Sakura's used it as a teleport point before.*"

"*Works for me. I'll see you there!*" you say, smiling to yourself. You check the apartment again before heading out. Off to meet some new magical girls!

---

- [ ] Rin and Sakura
  - [ ] Ask about events in Sendai
  - [ ] Ask about the University Group
  - [ ] Ask about Akiko
  - [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Fukushima girls
  - [ ] How do you present yourself?
  - [ ] What points do you want to hit for initial negotiations?
    - [ ] Clear Seed payment
    - [ ] Conditions
    - [ ] Antimagic provided
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

You'll be meeting with just Yuki, right off the bat, and the rest of the Fukushima girls later.
