# To the White Forest pt. 5

The DBJ building, that single towering spire in downtown Mitakihara. It's not the tallest building around, but it's *one* of the tallest, and it's certainly distinctive, with its dense forest of antennas reaching for the sky.

You take to the skies, wings of corruption unfurled from your shoulders. Probably best to get them put away *before* Sakura gets there - there's no reason to feed her assumptions, after all. They *might* be accurate, but really. It's just not good PR to be known far and wide as 'Witch Girl'.

Hm. You do have Nadia working your case there, at least, though you're not quite sure about her thoughts of your grand dewitching schemes. Still, if you're any judge of character, she'll deal fairly.

You coast in for a landing atop the antenna dishes of the DBJ building, perching amongst the steel spars like a particularly overgrown bird. Just for a moment, to let your wings melt away, and then you scramble down to maintenance platform. It's steel mesh, but comfortable enough for you to sit down on and lean against the scaffolding.

*Vwwp*.

Sharp clangs and a slight lurching of the platform under newly arrived weight accompany the distinctive sound of Sakura's teleport. You hop to your feet, turning.

Rin looks a little... heavier than she used to. Not literally. Physically, she looks the same, emerald figure-shrouding haori wrapped around a cream-coloured undershirt, trimmed with frills and bands of yellow. But the worry lines around her deep green eyes and across her forehead are perhaps etched in a little harder, her motions perhaps a little weightier as she releases Sakura's arm and starts forward.

Or maybe you're imagining things, projecting the responsibility as team leader's she's taken on.

Sakura looks unchanged, really, brown eyes sharp and scowl ready on her face, framed by brown hair shades darker than her short jacket. She doesn't have a katana out, which you'll take as a blessing, but there's a sharp snap to her boots as she falls in beside Rin.

"Hey!" you say, grin already on your face. "Thanks for coming to pick me up, Rin-san, Tachibana-san!"

"Fuck you, Witch Girl" Sakura snaps, almost on reflex.

"Sakura!" Rin scolds.

You laugh, shaking your head. "Nah, I expected that," you say. "'sides, it's probably fair."

"Admitting it, are we?" Sakura asks.

"Nah, but I get it," you say with an aimless shrug. "And you're here and shuttling me about, so..."

Sakura snorts, rolling her eyes.

You sigh, and smile. "Miss Tachibana? Look, I'm not going to ask you to like me. But I can't help what my powers are like. Yes, my magic feels Witchy. It's what I got when I Wished to control *Grief*."

Sakurai scowls, folding her arms across her chest. "Yeah, that's why I call you *Witch Girl*, fucking genius."

"I mean, you don't seem to like me very much," you say, spreading your arms. The wind tugs at your coat, pulling it taut against your side. "Part of it is my powers, I'm sure. And the other part... Look, I'm sorry for ruining the status quo. And I'm not going to moralise at you, so all I'm going to say is that I'm truly, genuinely sorry for what happened."

Sakura studies you for a second, and snorts. "Fuck you, you're not sorry. You don't know how to keep your hands to yourself."

"If I'd known, I'd have done it differently," you say, letting your arms drop. "I don't *want* people to suffer. In any way."

"We've got nothing to fucking talk about," Sakura snaps "Get on with it. The... stuff in the air's yours, right? Pull it in."

"Sakura," Rin says reprovingly, and gives you an apologetic look. "I'm sorry about Sakura, Sabrina."

Sakura's eyes find Rin's, hard brown against steely green.

"I don't... I don't really mind that much," you say with another sigh, snatched away by the wind. "Or, well, I understand the dislike. I'd like to resolve it, but..."

"Keep your *resolving* to yourself," Sakura spits. "We going, or we going?"

You nod, deciding discretion to be the better part of valour for now. You have a meeting to get to, after all, and so, you will your Grief to *accrete*. Your cloud storage you pull in, checking the contents: Homura's little black book of Witches, yakuza gold and cash. Your obrez is still sitting in your bag, slung across your shoulders.

... Huh. You'd almost forgotten about your bag, omnipresent as it is.

"... *fuck*," Sakura swears, staring at your building monolith of Grief.

"You saw\... hm, right," you say, letting the block of Grief build. It's already taller than you. "You *weren't* there when I made the Clear Seed for your group, but a Grief Seed has a *lot* of Grief in it. I've, uh. Made quite a few."

"It's true, Sakura," Rin murmurs. "I *did* see Sabrina make the Clear Seed."

"Witch Girl," Sakura mutters under her breath. Not so quietly that you can't hear it, either.

"How's things in Sendai been?" you ask, glancing at Rin.

"Uneasy," Rin says. "We're not really sure what to do. We give the University group a wide berth, and we just... hang out, now that we're not forced to fight."

"We weren't being *forced-*" Sakura's cut off by Rin.

"I meant *Witches*, Sakura" Rin says, voice a hair louder.

"Right. Sorry," Sakura says, subsiding and glaring at you. "You fucking done?"

"Yeah," you say, flattening your palm against the deep purple surface of the Grief block. Out of curiosity, you leave the *tiniest*, barest sliver of Grief hanging in the air - under your control, but not touching you. You wonder if it'll teleport with you? You offer your arm to Sakura, who scowls deeply and grabs you by the wrist.

Rin takes Sakura's other arm, and the teleporter nods before scowling in concentration.

*Vwwp*.

Your surroundings blur, and-

Sakura gasps, hand tightening instinctively on your wrist as she staggers into Rin's side. The black-haired girl instantly loops her arm around Sakura, supporting her weight.

"Jesus *fuck*," Sakura spits, dropping your arm like a hot potato and glaring at you. "That's a *fuck*ton to shift."

"Cleanse?" you ask, holding up your hand.

"Fuck you," Sakura snaps, fumbling in her pocket for a Grief Seed. "You can have this *after* I'm done."

"Right," you say, exhaling slowly. You can't blame her, precisely, so you let her handle that while taking in the surroundings.

Which are... green.

A lot greener than you expected.

You're standing in a little copse of trees, hardwoods and cherry trees sprouting densely from rocky ground. Blades of grass sprouts from gravel under your feet, waving gently in the breeze, and you can smell the faintest scent of cherry blossoms in the air. Sunlight filters down through the sparse canopy, and now that you look, you can see through the trees and down craggy, overgrown slopes to the city sprawling far beneath you.

"... where are we?" you ask, still looking around. The city is a riot of building styles, old meshed with new, thirty-storey apartments squeezed in next to traditional Japanese buildings.

"Fukushima City," Rin answers. "This is Mount Shinobu. We're just off the main path - we'll be meeting Miss Tsuruya at the observation deck. There shouldn't be any other people there right now."

"Gotcha," you say, tilting your head and trying to place the [geography](https://goo.gl/maps/p4h5knsFy8E2). "Do you always meet the Fukushima group here?"

"I don't know about *always*," Rin says. "Sakura?"

"Tsuruya always prays at the shrine after accepting a mission," Sakura mutters grudgingly. "So yes."

"Oh. Huh," you say. "Gotcha, thanks."

Your Grief... interestingly, you still have that sliver of Grief you didn't touch with you. It seems Sakura's teleport has no problems with *that*.

Regardless, it'd be a poor first impression to come to a meeting surrounded by your Grief fog. If this Tsuruya Yuki's as experienced as you imagine, she can probably sense it. Hell, *Sakura* noticed it, so you'll play it safe and leave the Grief out of sight and hopefully out of mind, barring what you keep in your bag.

The monolith of Grief shatters at your will, exploding into hundreds, thousands, hundreds of *thousands* of marble-sized spheres. You send them skittering out into the trees, a seething, rolling carpet of darkness dispersing into the shadows.

Sakura flicks the Grief Seed at you, and you snatch it from the air. It's nearly full, and you tap your finger against the surface, drawing off the Grief with a thought before offering it back to the teleporter.

Who promptly ignores you, Rin taking it with an apologetic smile.

"We should go," Rin says, motioning towards the trees. "It's almost meeting time."

"Lead on," you say with a smile.

The three of you make your way between the trees, emerging onto a paved path a few minutes later. You start uphill, surrounded by the sounds of the breeze curling through the forest, and the pervasive sound of bugs. No cicadas, thankfully, not at this time of the year. And as you walk, a magical presence enters the edge of your detection, approaching the same destination you are from the opposite direction.

Tsuruya Yuki, then.

You emerge onto a clearing, paved with rough-cut stone. Sturdy granite railings run along the edge to reveal a breathtaking view of Fukushima city, sunlight dappled and bracketed by distant mountains. Stone benches litter the platform, empty at this time of the day as predicted.

You take a deep breath of the crisp air, looking around. Mountains to your southeast, and to your west. "That's the... Ōu range?" you ask, pointing.

"I think so," Rin agrees, walking up to the railing.

"Cool," you say.

"There's a volcano over there," a light, cheery voice says. Tsuruya. "And there's a magical girl group over there. A bit too supervillainous, in my opinion, but what do I know? Good afternoon, Miss Mori, Miss Tachibana, and you must be Miss Sabrina."

You turn away from the railing, smile firmly in place, and meet Tsuruya Yuki for the first time.

She's *young*.

Or maybe she's young-*looking*.

She's a tiny little waif of a thing, her head barely level with your collar with delicate cheekbones, all wispy and skinny and probably light enough to blow away in a breeze. Delicate cheekbones are framed by dark purple hair pulled back into a severe ponytail that dangles down her back, only adding to the overall impression of *smallness*. *Huge* green eyes and a tiny button nose on a face with barely any room to spare. Corners were clearly cut in the chin department.

Of course, the bright, *vicious* grin gives lie to that impression of fragility. There's an air of sharp watchfulness to the way her eyes rake your body, noting your distinctly *un*-Asian features and costume.

And then the grin disappears, and she wilts into a woeful pout. She looks absolutely miserable, shoulders hunched under the straps of her emerald dress. "U-unless I got it wrong?"

Oh that's *beautiful*. You'd *just* seen that razor-edged intelligence lurking behind that artfully innocent look but you *still* feel the urge to pick her up and hug her

... then again, you have this constant urge to pick up *everyone* and give them a hug. Mami more than anyone else, granted, but still.

Hm.

Sakura snorts, folding her arms and slouching. "Yo, Miss Tsuruya," she grunts.

"It's good to see you, Miss Tachibana. And you too, Miss Mori. Congratulations on your promotion," Yuki says, the spark returning. She turns a wicked grin on you, sensible sneakers swishing under her dress as she approaches with her hand held out. "I'm pleased to meet you, Miss Sabrina. I've heard a lot about you."

"I'm pleased to meet you too," you say. Your hand dwarfs hers, but you shake firmly. "Uh... I have to ask, though - you've heard about me?"

"After you handed three of my girls their asses?" Yuki drawls. "Yes. I made a point of finding out."

"Sure, but from *whom*?" you ask. "I haven't made *that* much of a splash... Actually, more important question: what *have* you heard?"

Yuki gives you a considering look, and starts ticking off points on her fingers. "One, you *are* powerful. Two, it appears you can truly cleanse Soul Gems and Grief Seeds. Three, you are *not* shy about exercising your power. Four, you're apparently with Tomoe Mami? I'm not sure whether I give *that* any credibility."

"Nothing about my intentions or what I want?" you say, making a face.

"Granted, you only seem to have appeared on the scene a few days ago," Yuki says, taking a step back and propping her fists on her hips. "Perhaps a few weeks. It's unsurprising that your most distinctive traits have made their rounds first. How much of it is true?"

Hopefully Nadia will be able to make a difference.

"All of it," you admit with a sigh. "I'm kind of annoyed that what *I'd* consider my most distinctive trait hasn't made an impression, though. I want to *help*."

"Sabrina has been more than generous," Rin volunteers. "I'd vouch for her good intentions, Miss Tsuruya."

Sakura snorts, turning away from the conversation to glare out over the city.

Yuki glances at Rin, nodding in acknowledgement before regarding you carefully. She tilts her head, managing to look *unreasonably* cute. "Even the last point... interesting," she decides. "I can see that. So, onto your purpose for being here: you want to hire us. Tell me more."

"I'll leave you to it," Rin says, dipping into a shallow bow and moving away to join Sakura.

"Well..." you say. "To begin with? I want to set the tone, as it were. When I say I want to help, I mean *I want to help*. *All* magical girls, everyone I can reach, and I don't want to stop there."

Yuki's expression gives nothing away, blank as her namesake. "And?"

"So, first of all, I want to discuss payment," you say. "Have you heard about Clear Seeds?"

"Not much," Yuki says, staring unblinkingly at you.

"A Witch's Barrier is made of Grief," you say, waving a hand. "When it dies, all of it folds into the Grief Seed. And the amount of... free capacity we can use to cleanse is a pittance beside that amount."

"And I have heard that you can refresh Grief Seeds," Yuki says, giving you a narrow look. "Judging from the name and what you've hinted, you have succeeded in removing *all* the Grief from a Grief Seed. And you're offering to pay us with one."

"Yep," you agree. "One of them theoretically will last any given magical girl centuries on the low end. Thing is, I *cannot* promise exclusivity. I've been giving them out, and I'm planning on giving out *more*."

"Air is no less vital for all that everyone has access to it," Yuki muses. "But only the foolhardy and the rich try to *sell* air."

"Well, yeah," you say, grinning.

"Consider me intrigued, then," Yuki says. "Tell me about your prisoner."

You sigh, glancing back at the Sendai girls and motioning Yuki away from them. You need a bit of privacy for this one.

Yuki's smirk smooths out, and she nods. Together, you walk along the length of the observation deck, your right hand tracing along the worn stone railings.

"Airi Anri, from Asunaro City," you say.

"Which is all the way in the north-west coast," Yuki says, eyes flicking up to you.

"Yep. One of Mami's old students leads the group there, the Pleiades Saints," you say, and take a breath. Nadia confirmed this, and you trust that her information is good. "So. I'm told you know of the nature of Witches?"

"And their origins," Yuki says, going still.

"Airi Anri had a friend named Yuuri," you say. "And Airi happened to be the witness to Yuuri's fall, and subsequent defeat at the hands of the Pleiades, who I should emphasize didn't and *don't* know."

"Would that we were all so lucky in ignorance," Yuki says with a sigh. "So, at a guess, revenge plots?"

"Yes," you say. "Familiar story?"

"Unfortunately," Yuki agrees, scuffing her sneakers against the rough paving stones of the observation deck.

"Airi struck while half the Pleiades were over in Mitakihara, visiting," you say. "Mami and I felt behooved to intervene, and we did, along with more of our friends from Mitakihara. Ultimately, we captured Airi, but..." You grimace unhappily. "*Mami* doesn't know about Witches, and I want to protect her from that. I can't in good conscience ask one of my friends to hold her."

"Which leaves an external contractor!" Yuki finishes the thought, smiling brightly. "And that's where we come in. Tell me more."

"Airi Anri is unstable," you say. "I've negotiated considerations with her in return for her cooperation, but as I said - unstable. It hasn't been that long since Yuuri... died, and she's prone to bursts of violence and grief and anger both. I suspect being away from Asunaro should do wonders for her stability, but you never really know."

"Hm," Yuki says. "Her powers and motivation?"

"Biological control of some kind," you say. "Up to and including manufacturing knockout gas potent enough to knock out magical girls, and an entire apartment building. I suspect she can also grow large scale organisms, and *probably* alter her own body? I'm not absolutely sure."

"That makes her tricky to hold," Yuki says.

"Yes, but with my friend's help, I've already fabricated an anti-magic manacle to hold her," you say. "I'm rather more worried about what she could *say*, and even more so about how she might hurt herself."

"And you want her imprisoned in relative luxury," Yuki says.

"I don't... I don't want her put in jail, or anything analogous. I want her to be held, securely, and I'd *like* for people to try and talk her through her issues," you say. "I plan on doing it, but I have a *lot* of things to handle, and until then, I want her held under humane conditions."

"I see, I see," Yuki says. "I think we can do that, but it will cost."

"Are you willing to accept a Clear Seed as payment?" you ask.

"Certainly," Yuki says. "But you'll need to sweeten the deal. I think you underestimate the worth of getting in on the front door, as it were, you might be handing them out, but us having one *now* solves our need for Grief Seeds."

"I can pay in..." you trail off awkwardly. "OK, I've got two trains of thought running into each other here. First, I have to put caveats on the Clear Seed. I ask that you try and help people with it, or at the very least, do no harm. If a magical girl comes into your territory, don't fight them if it's at all possible. If you don't want to deal with them, send them my way. Don't persecute vendettas or wars or whatever with the Clear Seed behind you."

"Do no harm," Yuki says, stopping under the dappled shade of a tree to frown at you. "Miss Sabrina, you understand our hands are not the cleanest, right? We are *mercenaries*. Fukushima is not a town rich in Witches, and we are not the only group of magical girls living here, merely the most famous."

"I know," you say. "And I'm asking you to try and *be better*. It behooves the metaphorically rich to try and be generous. And..." You sigh. "I know this is a negotiation and all, but I have to say this: If you abuse my Clear Seed, I *will* come down on you."

"Live and die by your reputation," Yuki says, snorting delicately. "I think I know that one better than you."

"Well. The other train of thought I had is that, uh," you say, rubbing at the back of your neck. "You uh... don't have any yakuza ties, do you?"

"... no, though I may or may not know of girls outside my group who do?" Yuki says carefully. "We maintain no direct ties, obligations, nor dealings with them."

"I can pay in cash and gold in addition to the Clear Seed," you say. "But, uh, it's stolen from the yakuza."

"That's... acceptable," Yuki says, and starts walking again. "You're aware that there *are* yakuza affiliated magical girls, correct? Perhaps not in Mitakihara, but it's something you should be aware of."

"Yeah, well..." you say. You have perfectly good reason to believe that Homura knows exactly what she's doing, but you can't tell Yuki that. "Anyway. One last thing... I *am* giving out Clear Seeds, but the fact is that I haven't given out many *yet*. Until I do, each one is *immensely* valuable."

"But *we* are known far and wide to be combat monsters," Yuki says with a wolfish grin distinctly unsuited for her face. "There must be softer targets."

"If you're confident, then that's fine," you say, shrugging. "But it's only fair that I warned you."

"And it's appreciated!" Yuki says, smirking. "And I suspect that should anyone steal, or attempt to steal, a Clear Seed, you would similarly go after them. Am I right?"

"I will *not* have them be used for harm," you say. "So yes."

"I think we can work something out, then," she says. "By payment, by contract, and by deed. I have a location proposed to hold your prisoner, which I can show you now. I don't think we can handle... therapy, though if you wish to arrange for visits, we'd be more than happy."

The girl stops again, and turns to look at you. "I would be interested in acquiring several of your friend's antimagic enchantments," she says. "Not as manacles, but perhaps something throwable. It could be factored into the balance of payment."

---

- [ ] Yuki
  - [ ] Ask to see the location
  - [ ] Counter-propose guarding in Mitakihara
  - [ ] Finalize details
    - [ ] Include anti-magic enchantments
    - [ ] Stick to Clear Seed, gold, and cash
- [ ] Rin and Sakura
  - [ ] Ask more about events in Sendai
    - [ ] Ask about Akiko
  - [ ] Try and clear the air
    - [ ] How?
- [ ] If details are finalized, bring Anri over
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Apologies for this being a day late. Also, warning Yuki about the hazards of a Clear Seed will be an automatic action.
