# To the White Forest pt. 9

You take a deep breath. Sakura, Sakura, oh Sakura...

Why is she so *angry*? It's been bothering you for a bit now. Yes, you absolutely made a horrible impression on her. Not quite from the get go, but very close to it. You'd torn apart her life and sent one of her closest friends into a catatonic coma.

Anger is understandable. Some part of you bridles at the sheer *vitriol* directed at you, but...

You can understand it.

But why is she *angrier* with you today than she was before?

You blow the breath out, and smile at Rin, and yes, Sakura. You don't care for her personality much, you admit. Just because you don't like her, and just because *she* doesn't like *you* doesn't mean she's a bad person. She cares about people - she cares about Rin, and she cares about Akiko.

"So..." you say, making sure you meet Rin's eyes, and then Sakura's. "I think I might be busy later, so I wanted to get this out now. I'm grateful for your help, both of you. So thank you."

Rin lays a quelling hand on Sakura's wrist, and returns your smile. "You're very welcome, Sabrina. What did you need to talk to us about?"

"I wanted to know how you're doing," you say. You raise your voice, and speak faster to get your words out *first* as Sakura bristles, puffing up with anger. "Because, Miss Tachibana, I *do* actually care. You can disagree with my methods or what I've done or whatever, but you *can't* tell me what *I* think. I care."

"I'm... OK," Rin says, a bit too quickly. "Just tired."

"I..." your mouth works for a second, fumbling for words that aren't prying too hard. "You *look* exhausted."

"Yeah, what the fuck do you expect?" Sakura snaps. "You dumped *everything* on her!"

"Sakura," Rin says, hand still gentle on Sakura's wrist. "It was my choice." She looks up at you, green eyes sharp and resolute. "I chose this, Sabrina. I didn't know what I was getting into, but I chose to take up leadership."

"And I respect that," you say, smiling. "Seriously, it's a good thing you're doing. You've made people's lives better, you know?"

"You mean the University group?" Rin bites her lip. "Yes, I imagine so."

"Yeah, I mean them," you say. "I know you haven't really had contact with them, so... call it passing on a message. They're doing better, and that's in no small part thanks to you."

"I... OK, that's good," Rin says, nodding.

"Though... that doesn't really answer the question," you say, smiling to take the sting out of it. "*Are* you OK?"

Rin's expression firms up. "Yes. It's nothing I can't handle," she says. "We're having... some internal issues."

Sakura growls quietly in the back of her throat, meeting you with a glare. "I've *seen* this before," she snarls at you. "We fell apart once. *Akiko* dragged us back together. And *you* fucking tore us apart again and you dumped it all on *Rin*."

"What would you have had me do?" you ask, returning her glare with a calm, even gaze. "You know how Hamasaki was. She was bleeding groups dry. I couldn't have let it go on."

"I don't fucking *care* about other groups," Sakura snarls. "I care about *us*."

"Sakura, please," Rin says, tugging gently on the other girl's arm.

"*No,*" Sakura snaps. "*She* should fucking *know* what she's done-"

Rin slaps her hand over Sakura's mouth. "Then let me explain, Sakura," she says firmly, and turns her attention to you. "Since you have half the story already, Sabrina, I suppose there's no harm in filling in the rest."

"I'd... appreciate it," you say, shaking your head. "But... truly. I didn't mean to cause all this."

"I know you had the best of intentions," Rin says with a sigh. "The road to hell. Regardless... with your Clear Seed, and without a direction, we are... drifting. Akiko is coherent, sometimes, and still has enough in her to drip her thoughts into our ears. Sometimes, it sounds like a good idea to just step back, just to have someone else lead. *Apathy* is the killer, Sabrina. But I *will* not be a party to this once more."

You blow out a slow breath. "Fair enough," you say. "What can I do to help?"

"*Nothing!*" Sakura snarls. "You're going to do nothing because *you* are the problem!"

"Sakura," Rin snaps. "We've gone over this. But... she's right, Sabrina. I'm not sure there's much you can do. You can't weld us back into being perfect friends - for all that Akiko did wrong, she... gave us direction. We've been struggling against Ishinomaki, struggling for Grief Seeds, struggling against the University girls for so long... And we've had a lot of time to *think* about what we've done."

She shrugs, slumping to lean against the sofa. Sakura moves beside her, defensive and prickly.

"I..." You grimace, looking down. "Dumb question, but I suppose you've considered trying to... do good? You have the powers to help."

"Like *you*?" Sakura snorts. "See where *that* got us?"

"I have," Rin says, steady and firm. "I can't think of a way to sell it as a motivation, especially considering that it's only Sakura and me who can make the most... tangible differences without turning into an interventionist group."

"I get where you're coming from, yeah," you agree. "I... if I come up with any ideas, I'll pass them on? Strictly as suggestions."

"I'd appreciate it," Rin says with a nod.

"And, um..." you scratch your head. "Touchy subject, and I apologise in advance, but... if Akiko's a problem, well. I *am* here to negotiate a deal with Fukushima to hold a prisoner. Would it help if..."

Rin's already shaking her head. "We'll take care of our own," she says.

"Gotcha," you say, nodding. "I'm sorry for offending you, if I did, I just wanted to offer options."

"We don't *need* 'em," Sakura mutters, arm folded as she glares away.

"It's appreciated, Sabrina," Rin says, nodding at you. "If that's all?"

"Yeah, I guess so," you say. "I'll go find Yuki?"

At Rin's agreement, you head over to the door, pulling it open to find Atsuko just about to knock. Metal girl, obsidian black eyes and shoulder-length dark grey hair with a single red hairclip.

"Ah, hi!" she says, and offers you something.

You blink intelligently at the DVD case she shoves in your face. "Uh?"

"Recordings of your fight," she says. "Yuki thought you should have these."

"... Recordings?" you say.

"Yeah... how did you think we were watching?" Atsuko says, raising her eyebrows. "Magic. Good fight, by the way."

"Huh," you say, accepting the DVD and tucking it into your bag. "Thanks?"

"Complimentary, of course," Yuki says, stepping out of a wall. She settles her braid fastidiously as she gives you a nod. "Are you ready?"

"Yeah," you say. "Back to Mitakihara."

"To Mitakihara," she agrees, and shifts smoothly into telepathy as she stops in front of you, tilting her head back to look up at you. "*I believe I shall find some time to talk to Miss Mori later.*"

"*Hm?*" you respond, giving Atsuko a wave as she retreats down the corridor.

"*I feel I could offer her some advice on leadership. Similarly complimentary, of course. I'm not entirely a heartless mercenary,*" Yuki says, and pauses before continuing. "*I mean no offense, Miss Sabrina, but you strike me as someone who has not... *worked* to become a leader before.*"

"*Well, no,*" you say. She's got you pegged, really. "*You're right. I'm not the leader of our group - that's Mami, if anyone at all, but mostly we try and decide things together.*"

"*It's not a criticism. Just an observation. And besides,*" Yuki says, voice turning amused. She steps past you, smoothly greeting Sakura and Rin. "*I happen to be an *expert* in crisis management.*"

"*Were you listening to us?*" you ask.

"*It's *my* building,*" Yuki says, an audible shrug in her voice. "*I can't not. It makes receiving surprises... tricky. In both meanings.*"

Bad for privacy, that. You should have expected it, perhaps, from how she knew *precisely* where you were during that fight.

"Sabrina, Miss Tsuruya, if we're ready?" Rin says, holding her hand out. Sakura's gripping the other tight.

"I've gotten rid of a good chunk of my Grief," you volunteer. "So it shouldn't be so bad, Miss Tachibana."

Sakura's jaw tightens, and you can feel her magic gathering and flooding out. With a sharp *jol-*

*-t*, you're elsewhere.

You recognise the location immediately, from the wind ruffling your hair to the breathtaking vista spread out before your feet. Mitakihara's familiar skyline greets you, and you greet it back with a smile. Home. Home, because this is where your friends are. This is where Mami is. Your Grief fog ripples out, painting you a picture of the many antenna spires of the DBJ building.

You turn to smile at your... allies. Yuki, and Rin, and Sakura, the latter looking irritated and a touch pale, but upright. The former presses two Grief Seeds into Rin's hand, before nodding at you.

"Lead on, Miss Sabrina," Yuki says.

"I'll be dropping you off at a cafe while I go meet up with my friends, if you don't mind," you say. "The defense pact was... an unexpected development."

"Understandable," Yuki says.

"Alrighty then," you say. "This way!"

You turn, and take a long hop off the side of the antenna spars. It's a long way down to the next one over, but you savour the sensation of the wind snatching at your hair and your coat snapping at the air behind you.

"*Oriko, Kirika?*" You cast your call out as you fall. "*I've got good news and bad news.*"

"*Good news first!*" Kirika chirps.

"*Hello, Sabrina,*" Oriko says. "*Does the good news mean that you have closed the deal and are arriving to collect Airi?*"

"*Yes, the deal is confirmed,*" you agree. "*We'll be collecting her shortly - and I'm bringing Miss Tsuruya with me so that the anti-magic enchantments can be tuned to her. And again, thank you so very much for agreeing to do that.*"

"*You are welcome,*" Oriko says.

"*Yeah!*" Kirika says. "*Happy to do it!*"

"*Still, I do have a bit of bad news, and it comes tied with a bit more good news,*" you say. The roof is coming up *fast*, and you tuck into a shoulder roll to bleed momentum. "*Miss Tsuruya's interested in forming a defense pact with Mitakihara city, and another part of the reason she's coming over is to discuss said pact.*"

"*That *is* good news,*" Oriko agrees. "*It will only help. Is the bad news that the discussion will be taking place first?*"

"*Yeah... it shouldn't be too much longer, but still,*" you say, taking off at a run. "*I'm sorry about that. And... I tried to convince Homura and Sayaka to let you sit in on the talks, but they, ah, strongly vetoed the idea. I'll be putting you guys on speakerphone, as in actual phone speakerphone as opposed to telepathy if you want?*"

"*That's acceptable,*" Oriko says. "*The consideration is welcome.*"

"*Means I can still cuddle while you're all doing the boring talks!*" Kirika says brightly. "*That's an upside!*"

"*I haven't forgotten that I need to talk to them later about letting you have more freedom, either,*" you say. "*I'll get it done, I promise.*"

"*Very well,*" Oriko says. "*Thank you, Sabrina.*"

"*Thank me when I have results,*" you say, leading a path across Mitakihara. You can't help but notice the interest Yuki takes in Mitakihara, looking around with bright wonder she can't quite hide.

"*We shall,*" Oriko says. "*Good luck, Sabrina.*"

You bring Yuki, Rin, and Sakura to a cafe, apologising to them for making them wait. Yuki seems curious, but acquiesces, and heads to the counter while Rin automatically takes another table.

And it's off to Mitakihara Middle School. You can't help but check the time as you take wing - you shave it *close*, but you make it *just* as the bell goes off, landing in an alleyway and darting out to the school gates.

You comb your hair down with your fingers as best as you can while you watch the doors, and there's a smile on your face as Mami shoves them open. She takes the steps down three at a time, and you open your arms to sweep her up into a tight hug that lifts her off her feet.

"Hey, Mami," you say, beaming at her as you gently set her down. Her cheeks are rosy, but she's laughing, and more than happy to lean against you.

"Hi, Sabrina," she says, nestling comfortably into your hug.

You wave cheerfully to your friends, only now filtering out of the building, mixed in with the crowd. You spot Homura, Sayaka, Madoka, and Hitomi, all walking close together.

"Yo!" Sayaka calls. "Where's the girl from Fukushima?"

"Waiting at a cafe," you answer, releasing your hug so that Mami can shift to face your friends. "Also, her name's Tsuruya Yuki."

"Oh?" Hitomi asks, seeming interested. "Do we have a visitor?"

"Ah, yes, I didn't tell you- sorry about that," you say, gesturing down the path to start walking. You *are* rather blocking the way. "Been a busy afternoon. The long and short of it is that we encountered a group from Fukushima before, yeah? They're mercenaries, and fairly powerful ones, but they're interested in forming a defense pact with us."

"A defense pact?" Madoka echoes. "Like the treaty between Japan and the United States?"

"More modest than that," you say, catching Homura's eye and nodding slowly. You know you need to urge Madoka away. "But that's the idea. Among other things, they've agreed they'll help with Walpurgisnacht, so that's good."

"Ah, that's great!" Madoka says, beaming. "More help is good, right?"

"I remember watching the news about the... gas explosion," Hitomi observes, polished doubt dripping off the words. "Was that them?"

"Yeah," you say, mentally thanking Hitomi for the perfect segue. "They've done their share of less than stellar... stuff."

"They sound nasty," Sayaka says, scowling and scuffing at the pavement with one foot.

"Being a magical girl can be hard, Sayaka," Mami murmurs, distant and a touch sad. You hug her close with your arm around her waist.

"Mami's right. And honestly? They want a defense pact in part because they're looking for something better," you say. "From what I can tell, anyway. But that's why we're going to meet them right now, so that everyone can evaluate them for themselves. But that said... Madoka, Hitomi, can I request something of the two of you?"

You stop, turning to face them as they give you curious looks.

"Could I ask you two to sit this one out?" you ask. "I'm hopeful, but... I think it would be safer if you didn't attend this meeting."

"I understand," Hitomi says, nodding. "Perhaps... I *have* been neglecting club activities."

Madoka blinks, wilting a little and then brightening. "Ah! Yes, the gardening club has been wondering what happened!" she says. "I could do that, too."

Oh, *thank Madokami*. No fuss, no rush, not even very much Madoka being disappointed.

... or maybe thank Madoka.

Eh, theology can wait.

"Let me walk you back to school," Homura murmurs, earning her an elbow to the ribs from Sayaka. "Hitomi, I'd like to discuss something."

"Oh? Certainly," Hitomi says, blinking at Homura as she turns to head the other direction.

"I'll rejoin you at the cafe," Homura tells you and Mami. "Where is it?"

You raise curious eyebrows at Homura as you give her the address.

"*If Yuki intends to fortify a location,*" Homura murmurs to your mind. "*I would prefer it be near Madoka's house.*"

Ah. *Ah*.

And she'd want Hitomi's help to ease the buying or renting process, presumably. You feel... kind of proud that she's actually working with someone else to bring about a desired outcome. Apparently some of that work you're putting into socializing her has taken.

"*OK!*" you say cheerfully, smiling at Mami and giving Homura, Madoka, and Hitomi a wave. "*Have fun.*"

"*I'll meet you before you arrive at the cafe,*" Homura murmurs, to you, Mami *and* Sayaka before cutting the connection.

Mami sighs happily as you stroll along the pavement.

"Soooo," Sayaka drawls. "How was the fight?"

You grin, and fish in your bag for the unmarked DVD case. "Yuki was kind enough to give me a recording."

"... seriously?" Sayaka says, blinking at the case.

"Apparently," you say. "Haven't watched it yet, but hey. Though to answer the question... basically, imagine fighting an entire building at once. Not in the sense of it getting up to punch you, but in that every floor, every wall, *everything* is trying to kill you."

"That almost sounds like a Witch's Barrier," Sayaka says.

"A Witch's Barrier on steroids, if anything," you say.

"I've heard stories about Miss Tsuruya," Mami adds. "She's part of the reason the Fukushima girls are so successful - she can and has singlehandedly defended their holdings."

"I can see that, yeah," you agree.

As promised, Homura emerges from a side-street a bare few minutes later, wordlessly joining the group. You spend the rest of the walk chatting about their day at school, as well as sharing interesting bits from the fight and your trip to Fukushima.

Yuki's claimed an outdoor seat by the time you arrive. She glances up as you round the corner, her eyes finding your group. They go momentarily wide, and she stands, hand outstretched.

"Miss Tomoe!" she says. "It's very nice to meet you - your reputation precedes you."

"Thank you, Miss Tsuruya," Mami says, straightening and separating from your side to shake her hand. "It's good to meet you too. I hope your associates are well?"

"They are, thank you," Yuki says. "May I be introduced to your friends?"

"Of course," Mami says. "You already know Sabrina - this is Akemi Homura, and Miki Sayaka. They're both good friends, and powerful magical girls."

"I'm pleased to meet you all," Yuki says, inclining her head.

After a round of pleasantries, you all take a seat, and make your orders. You decide on a hot chocolate. You can't help but notice Rin having taken one of the *indoor* seats, and is apparently appeasing Sakura with an ice cream.

"Ah... Miss Tsuruya, I'll be letting another two magical girls listen in by speakerphone, if you don't mind," you say. "They're... associates of our group, but not members."

"Of course," Yuki says, nodding. With her permission, you dial Oriko's number on your phone, setting it on speakerphone and leaving it on the table.

"Hello? Oriko?" you ask.

"Hello, Sabrina," Oriko says through the phone. Just the sound of her voice gets a subtle twitch from Homura, and a look of faint dislike from Sayaka.

"Right. So, this is Tsuruya Yuki," you say. "And Miss Tsuruya, on the line are Mikuni Oriko and Kure Kirika. They happen to be guarding our prisoner right now, actually."

"I see," Yuki says, nodding.

"Alright," you say, rubbing your hands together. "So, thank you for being here today, Miss Tsuruya."

"The pleasure is mine," Yuki says, eyes flicking from person to person. Mami takes your hand, squeezing gently. "Thank you for being willing to hear out my requests of a defense pact."

"Of course, Miss Tsuruya," Mami says. "We should begin at the start: What would you expect of a mutual defense pact, to ensure we are on the same page?"

"Just that - should we be attacked and require help, we can expect to call upon help from you, and should you be attacked, we would be ready to answer a call for help," Yuki says.

"Why are you interested in one, anyway?" Sayaka asks. "Haven't you taken all comers so far?"

"It's always good to have allies," Yuki answers calmly. "But as I told Miss Sabrina, the most important part of this defense pact is to ensure that I do not wind up facing *you* - politically or physically. Miss Sabrina intends to upend the foundations of the magical girl world."

"Oh, come on," Sayaka says, raising a skeptical eyebrow. "It's not that bad."

"I don't anticipate your group slowing down," Yuki says, leaning forward. "Miss Tomoe, you are famed for your skill and magnanimity. Miss Miki, I have not heard much about you yet, but I *have* heard about a power copier associated with your group. Miss Akemi... I have heard *nothing* about you, and if you are as much of a veteran as you look, then I will admit: I am wary of you."

She spreads her hands. "Miss Sabrina, I do not need to elaborate upon. But the fact is that you are all powerful, I suspect, and you are all optimists enough to believe in *changing* things," she says. "And even if Miss Sabrina never creates another Clear Seed, the seeds of conflict have already been sown, if you'll pardon the pun."

"So you want to be on the winning side," Sayaka says.

"I want to not be on the losing side," Yuki says simply. "I have not fought so long as to be rendered *irrelevant* or be ground under the wheels of change."

"*What irrelevancy?*" Oriko murmurs to you. "*You gave her a Clear Seed, I assume?*"

"I've already given you a Clear Seed," you point out. "With that alone, you're all set for life, and if you never raise a hand unjustly, then we'd have no cause to fight you, either."

"I don't want to rely on that," Yuki says. "Having my eggs in one basket is a bad idea."

"You understand that Walpurgisnacht will be a dangerous fight?" Homura says, amethyst eyes hard and clear.

"I suspect that with your team, it won't be as dangerous as it might be," Yuki says. "Much less with our power added to the mix."

Homura falls silent, leaning back.

"I've heard you've wrecked towns before," Sayaka says, eyes narrowing a little.

"We've done things we're not proud of," Yuki agrees.

"Sayaka, be nice," Mami reproves. "That said... Miss Tsuruya, *are* you going to change that? The past is fixed, but we cannot tolerate such destruction if we are to be allied."

"We are," Yuki says. "The fact that Sabrina has already been generous enough to provide us with a Clear Seed means that we can *afford* to be less ruthless while carrying out our contracts."

"Are there any enemies that we should be aware of?" Homura asks, taking a sip of her tea.

"None that matter," Yuki says. "We've defeated them before."

"Do you expect to be attacked anytime soon?" Homura asks.

"Ah, I see," Yuki says, frowning. "None that I expect, but I will not deny that we *have* enemies."

Mami nods thoughtfully. "You've mentioned wanting to establish a stronghold in Mitakihara."

"Yes," Yuki says. "Among other things, I am able to teleport between buildings I have claimed, as well as fortify it against attacks. If we agree, it would be beneficial to all of us to have a rally point of sorts."

"Would your fortified building be able to stand against Walpurgisnacht?" Homura asks.

"I've never tested myself against the Queen of Witches, naturally," Yuki says. "But I would imagine I could at least make it an even fight."

Homura nods thoughtfully to herself.

**\[] Defense pact
\- \[] Anything more to ask?
\- \[] Lay down more terms?
\[] Yuki's Nexus
\- \[] Homura's suggestion
\- \[] Warehouse-kun
\- \[] Somewhere else?
\[] Sakura and Rin
\- \[] Something more to say?
\[] Move on to transfer Airi and the antimagic enchantment
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Homura will suggest that she could rent a house near Madoka's district, naturally.
