# To the White Forest pt. 10

You hum quietly to yourself and sip your hot chocolate as you consider matters, squeezing Mami's hand gently. Also, on second thoughts, you're amending your reaction to Homura *allowing* another magical girl to have a stronghold within the same district as *Madoka* to a resounding 'holy shit, Homu'.

Holy shit, Homura.

Not only that, she's actually willingly working with someone else to get what she wants.

Holy *shit* Homura.

You hug Mami, leaning against her and wrapping your arms around her waist as you think. Mami squeaks and blushes, but happily cuddles up against you.

"You look like you had an idea, Homura?" you say.

"I am considering buying a new house," Homura says.

"I should note that I'm aware of everything that happens in the buildings that I've claimed when I focus on it," Yuki says. "I typically do that only when I'm doing a sweep or in combat, but it's something you should be aware of."

Homura blinks slowly. "That's fine," she says. "It would be more of a safehouse than a living place."

"Do your teammates live with you, Miss Tsuruya?" Sayaka asks, managing to look simultaneously interested and just a touch scandalized.

"Yes," Yuki says, and takes a sip of her tea. "We have our arrangements."

"I see, I see," Sayaka says, subsiding.

"We could also use Warehouse*-kun*?" Mami suggests, smiling at you.

"Mami!" you say, faking indignation. "How could you suggest we just give up Warehouse-kun like that!"

Mami giggles, while Sayaka just shakes her head.

You turn to Yuki. "Sorry, in-joke there," you explain. "There's an abandoned warehouse that I use for experimentation, and I suppose it's a viable location, but it's not terribly central nor near anything important. I think Homura's idea would be best, here. Also, out of curiosity, would it help to have... large statues and stuff?"

"For me to animate?" Yuki asks, and shakes her head. "Unnecessary - my magic is versatile enough. Anything on the premises are simply props."

"Alright, but what if you went and claimed something like the Statue of Liberty?" you ask. "Would that count as a building you could claim and animate."

"... I've speculated about that before," Yuki allows. "But for obvious reasons, I've never had the opportunity to test it. I would *presume* so."

"Well, we *are* gearing up for a fight with Walpurgisnacht," you say, and pause. "Pun unintended. Would it be a significant help?"

"Not particularly," Yuki says, and allows a hint of a smirk to show. "It *would* be spectacular, but not a particularly large improvement."

"Fair enough," you say. "Homura?"

"I'm told it will take a few days, even with the process expedited," Homura says. "We'll contact you then."

You beam at Homura approvingly. She meets your gaze unflinchingly, and nods slightly.

You find yourself wondering what a *veteran* magical girl looks like. There's not that much similarity between Mami and Homura, after all, but then again... they're veterans in different ways. Mami is pure, bold *grace* and flash and simple preternatural *excellence*, mastery of magic infusing everything she does.

Homura...

You suppose you can see it, the way she holds herself tight and controlled at all times. She's not *watchful*, precisely. Her gaze is unyielding steel, monofocused with laser-like precision, but you can't shake the impression she's *aware* nevertheless, and you can't ever shake the impression that she's always ready to *fight*. Something in the lines of her shoulder and the tension in her arms that never quite goes away.

"So Yuki," you say, shaking yourself out of the introspection and turning your attention back to her. "What do you think about aggressive, proactive befriending?"

"What?" Yuki says, blinking in confusion at you.

"Sabrina, *no,*" Sayaka says, putting her hot chocolate down and covering her face with that hand.

Mami giggles faintly, leaning into your side as you straighten.

"... magical girl anime called Nanoha?" you venture. "The main character is known for deploying massively overkill but non-lethal attacks on her enemies, who typically turn out to be not-that-bad and then proceed to become friends with her?"

"Ah," Yuki says, and makes a face. "I... we make it a point not to watch those. Too much and too little like real life."

"Bah," you say, rolling your eyes. "Anyway. Point is, how do you feel about seeking out potential troublemakers and extending them diplomatic overtures first? And no, to be clear - this is an initiative *I'm* suggesting, so I won't expect you to be following in for it."

"What do you expect me to say to that?" Yuki says, spreading her hands. "I am naturally going to agree to anything that means we have less enemies gunning for us without us lifting a finger."

Sayaka snorts, muttering something that sounds suspiciously like 'at least she's honest' under her breath.

Yuki shoots Sayaka an amused look, and leans forward on the table. "Miss Sabrina, Miss Tomoe, Miss Miki, Miss Akemi... you *must* realise, I look after my interests and those of my friends. I'm more than willing to work with you, and I *will*, in good faith. That's why I'm here."

She gestures at you. "But when you suggest something like that, of *course* I am going to agree. And I won't even look askance, because you *have* a track record and demonstrated ability to do these kinds of things."

"*Should you be worried about your reputation by association with those actions?*" Oriko speaks into your mind.

"*Point. Thanks, Oriko,*" you respond, and shift lightning-quick to speak to Mami and Homura. "*Oriko suggests that we should be worried about our reputation for those actions. What do you think, Mami, Homura?*"

"*She has a point,*" Mami allows, and continues smoothly out loud. "We'd have to be careful with our targets for, ah, befriending, of course."

You squeeze Mami's hand in yours.

"I am *not* asking for you to go out there and stomp every single one of my enemies into the ground," Yuki says. "We're perfectly capable of fighting defensive battles against them by ourselves, much less with your aid. But I am *more* than happy to help you extend diplomatic overtures towards them, though I *should* caution you that they generally *do* regard us with hostility. Being affiliated with us will make things difficult."

"That's fine," you say. "As Mami says, we'll act on our best judgement there, but for that, we're going to need a list."

"I'll write it down for you before I leave," she agrees. "Names, location, cause of conflicts, powers?"

"Potential allies they might call upon," Mami adds.

Yuki nods.

"Speaking of allies," you say. "Might you be willing to share your metaphorical phonebook? I'd be interested in outreach to any allies or... past clients of yours. More allies, hopefully, more Clear Seeds distributed, and I'd rather try to pre-empt conflicts by talking them down."

"I would be pleased to make introductions whenever you wish it," Yuki says, frowning. "But introducing you to *everyone* will take time."

"Yeah, that's fair," you agree. "But in the future, then."

"Certainly," Yuki says, nodding.

"We should delineate the responsibilities covered under the defense pact directly," Mami suggests.

Homura purses her lips thoughtfully, and reaches over to extract a pad of paper and a pen from her schoolbag. She clicks the pen, giving you all an expectant look.

"If one of our groups should be attacked by magical girls, the other should send reasonable reinforcements to defend," Yuki says, looking around at all of you. "'Reinforcements' defined as a good faith contribution of combat strength without rendering the reinforcing team unable to defend their own holdings."

"A clause about cleansing," you say. "I'd supply all Soul Gem cleansing as necessary for the fighting and subsequent healing, of course."

"Um... what about prisoners?" Sayaka asks.

"Rules of engagement in general," Mami suggests. "Attempt to fight non-lethally if at all possible, and, ah, prisoners..."

"I'll attempt to talk to them," you decide. "We'd have to decide on a case by case basis. I'd be, ah, reluctant to remand them to you, Miss Tsuruya. For obvious reasons."

"*Sayaka - your power copying?*" you ask, opening the channel to Sayaka, Mami, and Homura.

"Of course," Yuki says, frowning slightly in consideration. "Both clauses are fine with me."

"*Not in the contract, I think?*" Mami suggests.

"*Yeah, I'll ask her afterwards,*" Sayaka says.

"Uh... hm," you say. "Should we include Miss Tsuruya claiming a building?"

Mami hesitates before shaking her head. "No, but perhaps a clause about transportation?"

"*Oriko?*" you murmur. "*Anything you feel should be added?*"

"*No prisoners for us, if possible,*" Oriko says. "*But I feel that can be left out of the explicit wording.*"

"*Yeah, I can do that,*" you say.

"Transport to be facilitated with all possible speed?" Yuki suggests. "It *is* in everyone's interests to ensure it happens, after all."

"Yeah," you say. "Hm. Anything else?"

"Walpurgisnacht," Homura murmurs.

"Right, right," you say, frowning.

"When attacked by magical girls *or* major threats?" Sayaka offers.

"I think that covers everything," Mami says. "Miss Tsuruya?"

"Acceptable," she pronounces.

Homura frowns minutely at the pad before turning it over and starting to write again. It takes her a few minutes of work, but eventually, she presents everyone with a neatly printed contract written in block letters. You pass it to Yuki first, who scans it carefully and signs.

You nudge Mami to take the paper, smiling at her.

She does, reading the paper carefully before signing with a flourish.

"Thank you for agreeing to this," Yuki says, inclining her head.

"We're happy to," Mami says, smiling warmly.

"I didn't expect anything like this when I set out to hire you this morning," you say, grinning. "I'm glad you offered, though!"

"It was my pleasure," Yuki says.

You lean forward to pick up the phone. "*Hey, Oriko, Kirika, thanks for listening in and helping,*" you say. "*I'll be along soon, alright?*"

You all spend a few minutes finishing your drinks. Mami cuddles up against your side, and you lean over her shoulder to skim idly over Homura's neatly printed contract. Brief, but sufficient for your purposes, with Mami's signature beside Yuki's.

It's funny. You're the one who tends to give *direction* to the team, but you don't really think you're the leader. If Mami said otherwise, you'd follow instantly, and you would for Homura and Sayaka, too. And they would for you, as well.

It comes down to the fact that you're all friends. Even Homura, now. You all look out for each other, and even if you disagree, you wouldn't force them to do anything. You wouldn't be able to bring yourself to *force* your friends to do anything against their wills. Disagree and cajole and argue, but... you'd never force them to do anything.

Even Homura socialising... You're not forcing her to do it. You wouldn't be *able* to force her to do it, were she not willing.

"Hey, Miss Tsuruya?" Sayaka asks. "So uh... you guessed correctly. I'm a power copier, and I was wondering if you would allow me to copy your magic? It wouldn't reduce yours at all."

Yuki purses her lips. "I would prefer not to, if it's all the same to you."

"Ah, that's fine," Sayaka says, waving it off. "I gotta ask and try to grow my powers!"

"Understandable," Yuki says. "My teammates may be willing, when you meet them, but I would prefer to keep my powers to myself. I hope you understand?"

"Yeah, it's not a problem," Sayaka says, nodding.

Mami finishes her drink, and tucks the contract away. "I'll get this copied and send you a copy as soon as possible, Miss Tsuruya?" she asks.

"You can send a scanned copy by email," Yuki says, shaking her head. "It won't be a problem."

"Well, with that done - shall we move on to passing Airi to you?" you suggest. "And the antimagic enchantments, of course."

"Certainly," Yuki says, rising to her feet.

"I'll come with you?" Mami asks, and you pull her into a sidelong hug.

"Of course, Mami," you say warmly. "Ah... Homura? Sayaka?"

Sayaka scowls, tapping her chin. "I'll pop into the hospital?" she says. "We've still got the enchantment practice later, right?"

"Yeah," you agree. And that talk with her and Homura about Oriko and Kirika. "We shouldn't take too long."

"I have business to take care of," Homura murmurs as she rises.

"Alrighty," you say. "We'll let you know!"

You all split up, Sayaka turning to head to the hospital while you collect Rin and Sakura to head over to the Kure's with Yuki and Mami.

Kirika's waiting for you outside when you arrive, waving enthusiastically and letting you in. Airi's nowhere to be *seen*, but you can sense her sitting sullenly in another room as you make introductions. Sakura plonks herself down on the end of the sofa, seemingly still annoyed, while Rin sits next to her.

"So, antimagic needs to be tuned to you, right?" Kirika chirps, with a grin at Yuki.

"Just so," Yuki says.

"Cool," Kirika says, flopping over on the sofa next to Oriko. She grabs a pile of chains, each link the size of your knuckle, off the table. "These'll do?"

"They were the most throwable objects we could acquire on short notice," Oriko notes.

"That will be more than sufficient," Yuki says as she seats herself.

"Hey, uh..." you say, raising a finger. You've taken the loveseat, Mami cuddled happily up against you. "So, Miss Tachibana, you'll be teleporting Miss Tsuruya back, right? Is that gonna be a problem?"

"Oh, I can just include Miss Tachibana easily," Kirika says, squinting at the brown-haired girl. "Should be fine?"

"That will be fine," Yuki says, eyes sweeping the house, and the Kures, with interest. Her eyes flicker over to you, and you feel the connection snap up. "*Who are they?*"

---

- [ ] Yuki's question
  - [ ] Explain
    - [ ] In detail, eliding Homura's feelings
    - [ ] Briefly (which parts?)
  - [ ] State you'd rather not answer
- [ ] Rin and Sakura
  - [ ] Muggle moneymaking methods
  - [ ] Thank them
  - [ ] Anything else to say?
- [ ] Yuki
  - [ ] Thank her for helping Rin
  - [ ] Anything else to say?
- [ ] The Kures
  - [ ] More thanking
  - [ ] Anything else?
- [ ] What next?
  - [ ] Talk to Homura and Sayaka about Oriko and Kirika
    - [ ] Privacy bubble?
    - [ ] With Mami around?
    - [ ] What arguments do you make?
  - [ ] Head to the hospital to visit Koqwusiko
  - [ ] Just do the enchantment practice
    - [ ] What do you try?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Before you forget, ask Kirika to check the IRCs Nadia provided.
- [x] Rin and Sakura
- [x] Test for interest in muggle monemaking schemes. Mention that you have a contact with Ideas. It's something for them to do with their time, if nothing else.
- [x] Thank them again before parting ways.
- [x] Thank Yuki for helping Rin.

\=====​

And we're back!
