# To the White Forest pt. 11

"*They're the Kures. Mid-to-late-stage aggressive befriending,*" you tell Yuki. You spend a moment considering how much *more* to tell Yuki, but she's definitely noticed something's up with them. Probably a combination of factors, if you have to guess, starting from Homura and Sayaka's reactions, to the fact that they're *here*.

"*Former enemies being rehabilitated?*" Yuki says, watching as Oriko excuses herself and walks to the kitchen.

"*Yep, though... honestly, more misguided than really enemies,*" you say. "*I'm... helping Oriko with her demons, and she's mostly over them, but Homura and Sayaka still have their reservations. Entirely understandable, and I don't blame them for it, and in any case, it's ongoing.*"

"*Magnanimous in victory,*" Yuki muses. "*Do you expect to do the same with the prisoner you're remanding to us?*"

"*If at all possible, yeah,*" you agree. "*But she needs time to calm down, first.*"

Oriko returns with a tray bearing a steaming pot and cups for everyone, setting it down and pouring tea for everyone with an easy, practiced grace. You and Mami and Kirika and Yuki and Rin and Sakura too, the latter of whom gives the cup a suspicious look before sipping.

"*Understood,*" Yuki says. "*The... Kures?*"

"*They might as well be married,*" you say with an amused lilt to your mental voice. "*But yes - still on probation. I consider them friends... well, a friendship that cost an arm and a leg. My leg, Oriko's arm. And most of her neck.*"

There's a faintly startled silence, Yuki freezing in place.

"*We got better?*" you offer. "*I mean, we're magical girls.*"

"*I see,*" Yuki says, falling silent to consider this. "Thank you, Miss Oriko. This is excellent tea."

Oriko gives you a sharp look.

"It is," Mami agrees, smiling.

"Mmmhm!" you agree, raising the cup slightly in salute, smirking at her. "Thanks, Oriko."

"You are very welcome," Oriko says, inclining her head.

Mami cuddles up against you, and you all fall silent for a moment but for quiet sipping of tea and the clanking of steel as Kirika thumbs through the chain links.

"By the way, Rin?" you say. The blonde looks up, eyebrows arching in curiosity. "Have you ever considered going into... well, earning *money*? Or *earning* money? I've got a... contact, friend's mother, who recently rediscovered magical girls and has Ideas."

"It's not so easy," Rin says, with a sigh. "That said... what do you mean?"

You snort, and grin. "The first thing she wondered, when she found out that we were magical girls, was whether there were magical girls in *business*," you say. "Right, Mami?"

"'Though I suspect savvy magical girls could make a *killing* out there'," Mami quotes, sounding faintly amused. "She is likely correct. As a healer, as a teleporter, you could earn enormous amounts of money with the appropriate intermediary, Miss Mori, Miss Tachibana."

"Yeah, and that leaves everyone else out," Sakura snaps.

"Forcefields and gravity?" you muse. "Sounds perfect for rescue work, or physics work, or manufacturing. Look, I'm not gonna say it's something you *must* do, I'm just... offering an option, I guess?"

"It's appreciated, Miss Sabrina," Rin says with a nod.

"I want to help," you say simply, and leave it at that.

The conversation lapses after that, and you take the opportunity to cuddle Mami closer. Yuki's eyes flick around the room, assessing and curious as she soaks in every aspect. Rin and Sakura...

You know, you're not really sure whether they're together or not? You *think* they might be - certainly Sakura seems exceptionally protective of the healer, and certainly they're sitting pretty close together, but you're just not sure. You could ask, but Sakura would probably bite your head off. And you're not even sure whether that would be just metaphorical, either.

"*Miss Tsuruya?*" you murmur telepathically. "*May I ask a favour?*"

"*What is it?*" she responds, sipping her tea.

"*Well... if I'm making any obvious mistakes, can you point them out to me?*" you ask. "*Forest doesn't matter if I miss the trees, and all that - and you're better at some things I'm bad at. So please, if you have any feedback, I'd seriously appreciate it.*"

"*Your style is entirely too different from mine to give any specific advice,*" Yuki says simply. "*I would advice you to hedge, to mislead and negotiate hardball, to conceal your greatest strengths, but you are simply so *open* that the only real recourse for you is to *be* honest and allow that to speak for you. It's not an approach that will work with everyone, and it's not the approach that would work *for* most of the people on this planet, but you seem to be doing something right.*"

"*Huh,*" you say. "*Well... that's reasonable, yeah. But still, if I'm doing something obviously wrong?*"

"*Certainly,*" Yuki says. "*But there is nothing that sticks out to me right now.*"

The conversation lapses once again, Mami seeming to notice and snuggle closer to you, tucking her head against your shoulder.

"Done!" Kirika chirps happily, holding up the lengths of steel chain. "Catch!"

She lobs them at Yuki, who catches them one handed without even spilling a single drop of tea. The chains clink and wrap around her fist, heavy and *greasy* with the feel of antimagic.

"Kirika," Oriko chides gently, smiling to take the sting out of it.

"What? I did good, right?" Kirika pouts.

"Yes, dear, but you don't just throw them at someone," Oriko says, patting Kirika's shoulder.

"Nevertheless, thank you very much, Miss Kirika," Yuki says, nodding. "I will put these to good use."

Oriko nudges Kirika.

"Eh? Oh, uh... yes, you're welcome, Miss Tsuruya!" Kirika says, beaming.

You really need to do something nice for Oriko and Kirika. At this point, you're pretty sure they're actually on your side now, and... you really should try and ease the restrictions on them, if only to let them go shopping and such. You can't help but remember how *pleased* they were to go out, in Asunaro.

If nothing else, you're pretty sure they'll need groceries again soon. It'd be better if they could buy it for themselves.

"Miss Sabrina, Miss Tomoe, Miss Oriko," Yuki says. "If there's nothing else, I should be returning to Fukushima now, along with your prisoner, of course."

"Nothing much from me," you say. "Mami? Oriko?"

Mami shakes her head, smiling gently, and Oriko answers in the negative. And so you all stand, Oriko leading the way to another room, where you can sense Anri.

It's as opulently furnished as any other room in the Mikuni mansion, of course. A study, judging from the massive table and bookshelves dominating the room, and Airi's curled up sullenly on the chair.

Stark yellow eyes flicker open as Oriko pulls the door open, fixing on you.

"*You*," she hisses.

---

- [ ] Airi
  - [ ] Apologise
  - [ ] Explain what you're doing
  - [ ] Anything else to say to her?
- [x] Vote in abeyance
  - [ ] Modifications?
- [ ] Now what?
  - [ ] Enchantment practice
    - [ ] Just you, Mami, Homura, and Sayaka
    - [ ] With Madoka and Hitomi in addition
  - [ ] Ask Homura and Sayaka for that discussion about Oriko and Kirika
    - [ ] Approach?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Rin and Sakura
- [x] Thanks again before they leave.
- [x] Yuki.
- [x] Schedule list-sharing.
- [x] Kures.
- [x] Ask Kirika to check the IRCs Nadia provided.
- [x] Good job today.
- [x] Ask Oriko if you can/should finish removing the graffiti.

---​

So here's something: For acquaintances, you'd refer to them by "Surname-san", which I transliterate as "Miss/Mr Surname". Consider, then, what happens when you have two people of the same surname (relatives, spouses, etc). This isn't the first time you've seen it, either.
