# To the White Forest pt. 14

You exhale, stomach twisting a little. Your mind churns with thoughts about your recent advances in your understanding of your magic. You're almost disappointed by what your enchantment does, really. There's got to be something more there that you haven't figured out yet, and you're kind of annoyed with the relative failure of the Banach-Tarski Grief duplication, too.

On the other hand, the multi-dimensional Grief is interesting. *Very* interesting. You should probably send in a chibi to explore - you're half tempted to go yourself, but you're terrified of not being able to return, for whatever reason. And it's kind of funny. Theoretical physics suggests that access to a fourth spatial dimension alone is sufficient to reverse particle chirality, and *that* is sufficient to create antimatter.

And yet, magical hammerspace seems to be a pretty common trick, and the planet is not swiss cheese with holes from antimatter detonations by magical girls of years gone past. There's something else at play there, and you're inclined to say that something is *magic*. It does, after all, seem to follow\... gentler rules than physics. You remember the time the *television* turned on in Homura's timestop, but not the water, after all.

You're stalling. You really don't want to drop the other shoe.

It's funny, because you're usually *waiting* for the other shoe to drop, but this time *you're* the one dropping it and you're *still* stalling. Mami squeezes your hand gently, reassuring and warm.

"Sabrina?" Sayaka prompts. "Something wrong?"

"Nah, it's just that there's been something I've been meaning to bring up," you say slowly. "Well, dropping Anri off got me thinking about it, anyway."

"Yeah, go on?" Sayaka says.

"Yeah, well... I'm sorry, it's just that this is a heavy topic," you say.

"Just spit it out," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "C'mon, you're getting me worried here. Even Homura's worried too, see?"

You certainly have Homura's *attention*, a slight furrow on her brow the only thing giving lie to her thoughts. But on *Homura*? That speaks volumes.

"I... I've been thinking about meguca justice," you say, and try for a smile. "Just... it's a really heavy topic. I mean hey, legal scholars have wrestled with *regular* justice for a couple millennia and it's still not perfect, right?"

"Oh. Is that all?" Sayaka says, relaxing. "Sheesh. You actually got me all worked up and anxious and everything."

"No, I mean-" you shake your head. "OK, look, it's not an easy topic. Look at Airi, right? She was just one girl - with an accomplice, true, but the worst damage she did was on her own. And we're getting refugees and everything into Mitakihara soon. All it'd take is just one girl."

Aaaand you dodged the topic.

Mami squeezes your hand, silent support in the way she snuggles up against your side.

"Then we just hunt her down," Sayaka says, grinning and holding up a clenched fist. "This is *our* turf. No one's getting away from us."

"Yeah, no, you're right," you agree despite the stomach-twisting worry gnawing at you. "Hunting them down is a... solved problem. It might be tricky in practice, but we know we can do it. Hell, *you* could probably do a decent job all on your own, with your clones - not that we're gonna drop the entire thing on you. And maybe we could even get the incoming people to help with, ah, policing. The problem is what comes after."

"Yeah, I can see that." Sayaka scowls thoughtfully. "And you don't want to just toss them in jail."

"Heck no," you say. Your gaze flicks over to Homura for a split second. She's relaxing, somewhat, following your conversation. "I mean... no. I don't want to just leave them to rot - it's just... not good for anyone. For the ones imprisoned, *or* for the ones doing the imprisoning. I mean, it's not like we have an actual jail, or police, or lawyers or judges or anything for magical girls."

Sayaka makes a face. "I guess I see what you mean, but... do we need all that?"

"I think we do, if we're going to handle this many magical girls," you say, spreading your hands. "We can't handle everything ourselves. Which means professionals of some kind, or at least people who can handle these things."

"Yeah... I guess so," Sayaka says. "Ugh. *Lawyers*."

"I mean, hey, how else do we see justice done?" you says, shrugging. "And again - jail can't be our only option. We shouldn't be locking people away permanently or anything, you know?"

"So... what, therapy?" Sayaka asks, making a face.

"You have plans to return to talk to Airi, right?" Mami asks, leaning into your side.

"Yeah," you say. "I want to see what I can do for her. But I'm not a professional, and more people means more problems and more people who need to be talked to, and I... just can't be everywhere."

"Yeah... I guess we need more help," Sayaka agrees. "But don't ask me where to get that help."

"Other magical girls," you say. "And... I dunno. Do you think we could bring in the Shizukis? You know them better than I do."

"Are you sure that's a good idea, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"I don't know," you say. "That's *why* I'm asking. I know Mrs Shizuki knows about magic already, and she seemed interested enough. I don't know *her*."

"She's always been pretty cool," Sayaka says. "And... she and her husband came through for us, after, you know. Because Hitomi asked, but our families have been friends forever, and..." Sayaka trails off into a shrug. "It could work. I dunno, I-"

Her eyebrows snap together.

"What about Mikuni?" she asks, voice suddenly hard.

Well.

Fuck.

The tension is an almost tangible thing, thick and cloying. Eyes lock on you, cerulean blue and amethyst purple for once united in their hatred of another. Fortunately not you, but you're the one arguing for them, here and now.

Mami squeezes your hand gently. You draw strength from the touch, straightening.

"I... *did* want to bring them up at some point," you admit. "I... OK. Sayaka, Homura, hear me out?"

"You- you wanted to get me to *agree* to all that- and then apply it to *her*?" Sayaka snarls, fists balling.

"No!" you protest, waving your hands. "No, not at all! I don't- I don't *do* that, Sayaka!"

"Then *what*?" Sayaka snarls. "You talk about all that justice and therapy and stuff and it's not for *her*? She burned my house down! She put my family in the hospital!"

"She did," you say, and grimace. "She did. Sayaka, I'm your friend, and I'm not denying that she has done you wrong." You shift your gaze, meeting Homura's unyielding glare. "Homura, you too. I *know*. That's *why* I'm talking to the both of you. I'm not going to do anything without your agreement. I just... please, hear me out?"

You can respect Sayaka's anger, and you can respect Homura's hatred. Sayaka had her house, all her material possessions, nearly *everything* ripped away from her by the fire. And Homura...

Homura got to see her nightmare playing out yet another time, at Oriko's hands. Just when things were seemingly going well. Oriko *murdered* Madoka, once upon a never. Homura's *seen* what Oriko can do, and built her up into a terrifying threat. It's not unjustified.

They're your friends, and you *have* to respect their anger and hatred and paranoia. You're willing to take the back foot, here.

"What do you want?" Homura murmurs, monotone. *Blank*, almost, her emotions shuttered away behind her implacable mask... but you can see the anger written in the tension of her neck and the clench of her jaw.

She's letting you speak. She's *listening*.

"First off?" you say, suppressing the rush of relief. That's just a beachhead, a testament to how much *trust* Homura extends you. And you hope you're not going to let her down. "I'm not intending to let her go. I'm *not* saying she should be let off without punishment."

You sigh, and meet Sayaka's eyes squarely. "I know she burned down your house," you say. "And that was horrible, and stupid, and it was *wrong*. In no way am I saying otherwise. But... I have a point to make here."

"Yeah?" Sayaka says. Her knuckles are white, clenched tightly into fists.

"She used her precog to ensure no one suffered lasting physical harm-" and that's as far as you get before Sayaka cuts you off at what's nearly a roar.

"We were put in the *hospital*!" Sayaka snarls.

"I know," you say. "And she was wrong to have tried it at all! She was doing her best to minimise the harm - you know your inside doors were shut, right?"

"What the hell does that have to do with anything?" Sayaka throws her arms out, a sharp, convulsive jerk that barely misses Homura.

"It means that Oriko took measures to make sure you didn't suffer from smoke inhalation, and it means that the fire took longer to burn," you say. "I- Sayaka, listen to me. I'm *not* saying she was right, or she was justified, I'm saying that she was trying to make sure she *didn't* kill you."

"Fine, whatever!" Sayaka says. Her voice is rising again, not quite a yell, but... she's angry. You can understand that anger, at least. "She *still burned my house down!*"

"And, again, *she was wrong to*," you say. "Sayaka, I'm agreeing with you! I'm on your side!"

"And you want to- *what*?" Sayaka demands.

"House arrest isn't going to work forever," you say simply. "As is, they're going stir crazy in there." You cut Sayaka off with a gesture. "*Yes*, it's supposed to be a punishment. But punishment is *not* justice, Sayaka."

Your eyes flick over to Homura, and you nod slightly.

"I'm not saying let them go or anything like that," you repeat. You want that hammered in, because if anything, it's one of Homura's deepest fears and one of Sayaka's sticking points. "I'm saying give them *limited* rein. Trackers, mundane *and* magical, maybe surveillance, maybe escorts, something. I don't know *what* exactly, and I'm not gonna do it without your agreement."

Sayaka sits back, seemingly a touch mollified. "Fine. Why?"

"Again, I don't want to punish them for the sake of punishment," you say, shaking your head. "They're under house arrest for what they did, fine. Let me put it to you, Sayaka: what do *you* want?"

"I want *her* to have not burned my house down," Sayaka hisses, eyes burning fierce blue.

"I know," you say. "But I can't change that. What would you accept? If they did community service under our guidance? If they paid you back?"

"How the hell is that practical?" Sayaka snaps, sweeping her hand out wide. "Suddenly money just drops magically on me?"

"Community service?" you ask. "They *can* do plenty of good work as extra hands when we need to leave the city."

"So like they've already been doing?" Sayaka asks, folding her arms.

The conversation lapses for a bit, Mami a warm presence at your side. She's worried, you can tell that much. So are *you*.

Sayaka is angry. Not furious, perhaps, but... angry. Righteous, seething... There are plenty of adjectives to use, but little enough to encompass the anger worn openly on her face and balled fists.

And Homura.

Homura is unreadable, expression perfectly blank but for the corded tension of her muscles - and she's not moving, sitting statue-still and rigidly upright, staring down at the table in front of her. She's closed off, held tight under her own self-control.

**\[] Sayaka
\- \[] Continue providing points
\-- \[] What?
\- \[] Ask Mami to calm her down
\[] Homura
\- \[] Ask to speak to her privately
\- \[] Provide her with arguments
\-- \[] What?
\[] Apologise, back down
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Welp.
