# To the White Forest pt. 15

You stare at Homura, stare at the way she's shutting down like she hasn't for a while. You stare at Sayaka, the low anger seething on her face, and some part of you reflects that anger in turn. Some part of you chafes that your reassurances, your apologies, went to nothing. She's all rah-rah justice, and the moment it turns to her and someone who hurt *her* and her family...

Her *family*. How can you blame her for being upset about her family being hurt? How can you blame her for lacking objectivity for it? How can you blame her for getting angry when she doesn't have the full story?

Hell, *Homura* doesn't have the full story. She doesn't know *why*. She just knows that once upon a never, Oriko killed Madoka, ripped her hope away.

You're fucking this up.

You close your eyes and groan, dropping your face into your hands.

"I'm doing this wrong," you mutter. Opening your eyes, you meet Sayaka's gaze, and then Homura's. "I'm sorry. I'm not answering your questions or concerns properly. I... give me a moment?"

Sayaka snorts, folding her arms. "Like I'm going anywhere."

You breathe out slowly, steadying yourself. Mami slides her arms around you, reassuringly warm and solid and real.

"Right," you say. "Right. Sayaka... I'm sorry. I'm *sorry*. I... this isn't a conversation I *want* to have, either. I didn't want to poke yours or Homura's sore spots over Oriko, and I jumped on the nearest topic I could. I shouldn't have done that, but I wasn't trying to set up something manipulative either."

"It's not in Sabrina's nature to do something like that, Sayaka," Mami says. "You should know her by now."

Sayaka's lips twitch reluctantly. "Blunt as a hammer," she says. "Fine. *That* I buy. Still, I... it's *her*."

"Thanks, I guess," you say, rolling your head back against your shoulders as if you're a turtle trying to hide in its shell. You look at Homura. "I... I honestly *do* want to establish some general process for future events, but it wasn't really to do with Oriko. I need to explain, from the top. But I'm *not* doing anything without agreement from the both of you. Will you hear me out? Please?"

A hard, amethyst gaze meets yours, holding your eyes for a long, long second. She looks away. "Fine."

"*Thank* you," you say, holding her gaze a few moments longer before looking at Sayaka. "Sayaka?"

Sayaka scowls deeply, folding her arms as she squints at you. "You *really* think you have a good reason to... 'give them limited rein'?"

"I think I have good reason to argue that *something* needs to be done," you say. "I want your input on that, and... that's why I'm talking to the both of you."

Sayaka shrugs, leaving her arms where they are. "Alright. Hit me."

"I... Homura," you say, and motion towards her shield, already out. She never detransformed, after all. "There's a lot of ground to cover. Can I ask for..."

Homura makes a low noise in the back of her throat, and unwinds one arm far enough to make a tiny beckoning gesture at Mami.

Golden ribbon unspools from Mami's upraised hand, Homura grabbing hold of one end as the other wraps around Sayaka's wrist, another twist going around your waist even if you're hip-to-hip with her. Doesn't hurt to be sure, after all.

Homura nods convulsively, and cranks her shield across. Colour drains from the world, the noise of the city sliced away instantly. Mami exhales slowly, arm tightening around you, and Sayaka shifts uncomfortably, staring around at the frozen world. It's only her... second experience of Homura's timestop, you think.

"Alright," you say, the yawning void swallowing your words. "So. First thing... I *know* about Oriko. The same way I knew about all of you. I just... woke up with the knowledge."

Homura goes still, gaze locking onto you. Her hand whitens around the ribbon, fingers of her other hand curling loosely.

"And so she's secretly a good person?" Sayaka says, clenching her fists. "I- Sabrina, she- dammit, you *know* what she did."

"I know," you say. "A good person? No. Her actions haven't been the actions of a good person."

"Well, case closed, innit?" Sayaka asks, flipping her hands up. "She's guilty, and she's not a good person, so she gets justice. I mean look at the house we're leaving her in. It's a *mansion*, and she even gets to live there with her girlfriend."

"It's not that simple," you say, shaking your head. "And... there's a lot to go over, so please, bear with me."

Sayaka rolls her eyes, waving you on.

"Well. Let's start with her father," you say. Mami curls against your side, watchful and attentive. "Mikuni Hisaomi. The black sheep of his family, in some ways, and that's because he cared. Lots of politicians in the family, as far as I know, and so was Hisaomi."

"Wasn't he indicted for, uh... embezzlement?" Sayaka asks, frowning.

"Eventually, yeah," you say. "Now, see... Hisaomi became a lawyer, got married, went into politics, had a daughter. Oriko. When she was seven, her mother died in a... car accident. The thing is, well. I'm not really sure what the hell happened in the intervening years, but I'm *pretty* sure Hisaomi arranged that 'accident'."

"... What?" Sayaka asks, staring at you.

"Mmmyeah," you say. "I'm not *absolutely* sure, but I am reasonably certain. Oriko doesn't know this, mind you. Kirika might, but she'd never tell Oriko. Not quite sure there. Could try finding his diary the next time I'm over... anyway."

"Can you prove it?" Sayaka asks, shifting uncomfortably. "I mean... I believe you know a lot of... stuff, but this is..."

"Beyond the pale. His diary, maybe, if I can get it," you say, and nod at Homura. "Oriko *doesn't* know about this."

You hope she takes your meaning. If Oriko doesn't know about it, then it's something that she can't forge and mislead with. It's something *verifiable*.

"And that's when Oriko decided she had to grow up," you continue. "Her father still had a facade up, of wanting to do *good* for the world. Oriko believes him, idolises him for it. And then they find out about his embezzlement. Oriko keeps her head up. She stays proud of her father, of what she thought he stood for, and then..."

You make an open handed gesture. "He hangs himself in his study. She finds his body." You shake your head. "I... look. We might not agree on what we should do, but... I don't want to leave her in that mansion. I didn't think about this in the beginning, but we're imprisoning her in the building she found her father's corpse. The same one that she's had to endure attacks in. There's graffiti on the walls, and windows that had to be replaced. I don't... Leaving her there is just inhumane."

Sayaka grimaces, slumping backwards in her chair. "And then?"

"Her family cuts ties. Her entire family. She's left alone to face the scorn and the abuse because the rest of her family are consummate *politicians* and it wouldn't be *expedient* to associate with the daughter of a known embezzler," you say, tone even. Mami squeezes your hand gently. "Kyuubey finds her. And she Wishes to know the meaning of her life."

"That still doesn't excuse anything," Sayaka mutters, looking distinctly uncomfortable.

"No, it doesn't, but I'm not done yet either," you say. "She has her father, her idol, systematically torn down, and then she's just tossed out into the cold. Abuse is heaped on her by outsiders. And at this point I'm moving into current events - that was the history. She Wishes to know what it's all *for*, and for that, she gets the gift of foresight."

"Yeah?" Sayaka says. "I mean, I guess I kinda knew about that last bit."

"Do you know, not a single one of her family shows up to her father's funeral?" you say, smiling humourlessly. "She's left alone in the world, bar Kirika, who she only meets later. When Mami and Homura and I were hunting her down back then, she wanted to die. She *expected* to die, because of the visions from her foresight. Right, Homura?"

"But she's obviously still alive," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. Arms still folded, she leans back on the sofa, cushion sinking under her weight. "So obviously she was wrong."

"Oh, she was wrong, yes, but here's the thing. She *wanted* to die," you say. "And she was granted visions to suit."

"That doesn't- that doesn't mean what she did is any less..." Sayaka gropes for a word. "Ugh."

"No, it doesn't," you agree. "What I'm saying is that she wound up *trying* to do good in the stupidest, most self-destructive way possible. And hey, she kind of succeeded."

Sayaka shrugs, making a disgusted, thoughtful look.

"So she's a stupid martyr," she concludes. "Suicidal, and tried to get you to kill her. Actually..." Sayaka gives Homura a faintly baffled look. "Something I don't really get is what's *your* problem with Mikuni, anyway? I mean I get you have something against her, but I dunno what."

Homura stirs, amethyst gaze locked onto you.

"Why are you arguing for her?" Homura's voice is quiet, lower than it usually is. Steely, tight and terrifyingly controlled.

---

- [ ] Answer Homura
  - [ ] Write-in
- [ ] Sayaka
  - [ ] Let Homura field that question
  - [ ] Cut in
- [ ] Elaborate more on...
  - [ ] Oriko's background and traummas
    - [ ] What aspects?
  - [ ] Oriko's precognition
    - [ ] What aspects?
- [x] Vote in abeyance
  - [ ] With changes?
- [ ] Write-in

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Rules: Do not reveal loops, do not witchbomb, do not potential bomb. Do not interrupt others, break update for vote if a response is required that is not covered by this vote. Sabrina's tone should be calm, thoughtful, conciliatory. No braindamage, full serious mode.
- [x] Cover Kirika's wish, its results, what you said about it to Oriko in On A Rail 31, her reaction, and the implications involved in all of it.
- [x] The house arrest is unhealthy and problematic, and you would like to set up some different arrangement if they (M, H, S) will accept it. That doesn't mean that O\&K should just be free to do whatever they want or etcetera -- but you have some thoughts on alternatives, and if they (M, H, S) have any ideas you'd really like to hear them.
- [x] Change imprisonment location. Add electronic security to location.
- [x] Add mundane and magical tracking to O\&K. Mami tracking ribbon and house arrest ankle tracker as concrete examples.
- [x] Scheduled outings with guard(s) -- prisoners get yard time, after all.
- [x] Bring up having a Sayaklone guard.
- [x] Continued community service.
- [x] Any anti-magic used on security measures, or other sort of break-out attempt, escalates our response and their punishment. Make this clear to O\&K.
- [x] If proposal is insufficiently punishing, ask what would be sufficient.
- [x] OOC meta-note: Take as much screen-time as needed to fully detail Sabrina's motives, position, and thoughts on the matter, even if it takes multiple updates or requires a time-skip to preserve proper story flow. We've repeatedly run into issues where Sabrina breezed through things that votes had intended to go over more fully, or had Sabrina act in ways counter to the intent of the vote, due to the "150 words of vague direction" limitation. I'm utterly ignoring that limitation here, because I think it would do vastly more harm than good to try to play wordgames instead of actually addressing the update.

---​

Apologies, I'd hoped to get this up yesterday, but it was a busy weekend.
