# To the White Forest pt. 16

You stare back at Homura for a heartbeat. The silence of the timestop yawns open. It's... simple, isn't it? You *know* you want to save Oriko because you want to save *all* magical girls. Because everything can be fixed. Because magical girls are rarely bad people, just girls with awful choices and difficult situations forced on them. Oriko isn't an exception.

And yet, you're assailed by doubts almost immediately. What if Homura doesn't accept it? What if it's not good enough for her? What if she decides your purposes don't align?

But-

"Because I believe that I was given the knowledge I woke up with for a *reason*," you say, opening your hands. The honest answer. "So that I could fix things. So that I could help people. That whoever -or *what*ever- was behind it wanted me to have empathy for *everyone* I knew about, including, yes, Oriko. But. *But*."

You raise a finger to emphasize your point, straightening a little despite Mami's arm tightening a little around you, protective and possessive all at once. You hold Homura's gaze, resolute and firm.

"What I know doesn't change or excuse what she's done in the *past*," you say. In *any* past, and you hope Homura gets it. "And if I thought she'd even *try* to do anything like that again, that I'd *help* to stop her."

Clear blue eyes against hard amethyst. Homura doesn't relent, staring unblinkingly at you as if trying to see into your soul. Wasted effort there, really. Wrong direction entirely, since your soul's on your finger.

"I don't... no. She's not a good person, right now," you say, and you address that at Sayaka as much as Homura. I know her background, and some of it is *why* she does the things she does. I know she *was* a nice person before, and then reality decided to dump on her. And maybe, if her power stopped trying to lead her into suicide, she could be that person again. But that's a *maybe*."

"And besides," you say, offering a wry grin. "You and Mami and Sayaka, Madoka and Hitomi... *you* are my friends. You're the ones who took me in, who *trusted* me, who let me into your circle. I'm not going to let *anyone* do anything to my friends if it's in my power to prevent - and I have a *lot* of it. I'm... kind, not stupid."

Sayaka snorts, unable to hide her amusement.

You point a finger at her without looking, still holding Homura's gaze with your own. "And... look. I have my knowledge, and it hasn't failed me yet, but when we first hunted her down, I questioned her. Homura was there, and... I threatened Oriko," you say, dry swallowing. "I... no. I threatened her girlfriend, with... with a fate worse than death."

"I'm sorry, Sabrina," Mami whispers, fumbling for your hand, squeezing it tightly between both of yours.

Homura blinks slowly.

"I have my knowledge," you say, fighting back bile at the memory. "And I have what Oriko said, under threat of that. I trust it, where it lines up."

"I suppose I shouldn't ask, huh," Sayaka says. There's something odd in her tone.

You don't blame her.

"You shouldn't," you say with a convulsive jerk of your head. "And to answer your earlier question, Sayaka? It ties into different, deeply *personal* things for Homura. I'm not saying not to ask about *that*, or that you, Homura, need to answer. I'm just saying it's connected to a lot of heavy, personal things. It's a big question, and Homura has the right not to answer."

Something seems to ease out of Homura's posture, and she relaxes ever so slightly, that gunsight stare dropping from yours.

"Right, right," Sayaka says, flapping her hand at you. "You're a weirdo with weird opinions, but you're *our* weirdo, got it. And Homura's weird too. Won't ask."

You sigh, easing back into Mami's gaze. "So... I don't know. Homura, Sayaka? Are we good?"

"Yeah..." Sayaka says, burying both hands in her mop of blue hair. "We're good. I just... I'm not *happy* about it. I get why *you* want to give 'em a bit of freedom I guess, but *I* want to- I don't *know*, just-"

She breaks off with an inarticulate noise, flopping back on the sofa. The void silence of Homura's timestop stretches out for a moment before Sayaka straightens a little.

"And I'm kind of weirded out by *you* threatening someone with a 'fate worse than death'," she mutters with her fringe over her eyes. "Like, *you*? Kinda morbidly curious about what that is, too."

"I get that. On both counts, and it's something I'm... not really proud of," you say, sighing and looking away. Mami hugs you, warm and solid and reassuring. "And, well... That's why I want to discuss this with you before doing anything. I... Homura?"

"I..." a complicated expression flickers across Homura's face. "I agree with Sayaka."

Well, if you ever needed evidence for the hand of Madokami at work...

You beam at Homura, leaning against Mami.

"You know what she's capable of." Homura looks back at you, hunched with narrowed eyes.

"Sabrina isn't simply suggesting that Miss Mikuni and Miss Kure be allowed to go free," Mami says. "We've been thinking about ways we can keep track of them."

You take Mami's hand, squeezing gently as you sober. Thank you, Mami.

"Yeah. If anything, we could arguably *tighten* security with this," you say. "Not just with magic, though we can do that too. The issue there is that Kirika has antimagic, and I'm pretty sure that... well, you know those prisoner tracker things? You can buy them online, I think."

"As it is, the only way we know that they abide by their house arrest is by checking physically," Mami adds. "Adding some form of remote tracking ensures that we can check without travelling there, at least, and while magical measures could be disabled by Miss Kure, *knowing* that they have been disabled in and of itself would be sufficient cause to take action."

You sigh, rubbing your forehead as you watch Homura, seeing how she's taking it. Her hands are locked on her lap, rigid and tense, but... less so than earlier. That terrifyingly *blank* look is gone, leaving her simply *tired*.

"Yeah, so... that's one thing," you say. "It... there are means available for us to get the tracking done, sure. I can tell you guys about my ideas, and I'd be *more* than willing to take suggestions, but it's a sideshow when it boils down to this: what are you willing to accept?"

Sayaka makes a faintly disgruntled noise, sitting up and combing her hair back into place. Her anger seems to have abated, mercurial here-and-gone again.

"I still dunno why you wanna do this for her," she mutters. "I... I mean I get why, but I don't get *why*, if you get what I mean? You've got a thing about helping people, she has a tragic backstory and everything, sure, I buy that. But why *this*? What's so bad that you want to get her out *now*? And you *knew* Homura and I wouldn't be happy about it, too."

"Yeah, I knew it was going to be a tough sell," you say, leaning back with another sigh. "And... yeah, fair enough. I need to go into that, too."

You let yourself tip back onto the sofa, Mami closing her arms around you. You draw strength from the touch, from Mami's simple, unwavering belief in you.

"Right," you say. "I... Right. So. This is a lesser known thing about magical girls, but... we can reject our Wishes. I don't know *enough* about it, but I know it's something that can happen. You wind up losing the majority of your magic, the, the *thematic* parts of it. You'd still have your transformation, strength, speed, enchantment, that kind of thing, but your *Wish* power is gone."

"Eugh," Sayaka says. "So, like... if I rejected the idea of wanting to *help*, I'd lose my power copying?"

"I've heard about things like that happening," Mami agrees softly.

"Yeah, along those lines," you say, giving Mami a quick, grateful smile. You can't help but notice the way Homura tenses, hand going to her shield. "And the thing is... Oriko *did* reject her magic. She's not a seer any more. Fundamentally, she made her Wish because she felt her life was out of control, and she... wanted control. She's given that up."

"She could be lying," Homura murmurs.

"I can *see* her Soul Gem," you say. "And we've got Riona Mag Aoidh coming in soon, too - she can confirm it for us. And... OK, so. Backing it up a bit, our Wishes are all... expressions of our deepest desires, right?"

Mami's the first to nod, her arms tightening around you. Homura's nod is shallow, and all but imperceptible, but it's there. Sayaka makes a face.

"Yeah?" Sayaka says.

"Kirika Wished to be *useful* to Oriko. And for that, it gave her antimagic." You shake your head, grimacing. "It's circumstantial, but... magic is... I dunno. It's *intricate*, if that makes any sense. Sure, it means Kirika's ridiculously good at fighting magical girls who might come after her. But it also suggests that Oriko's problem *is* her magic. She trusted it blindly, and that was the problem. That's what led her to do the things she did."

"And Miss Mikuni has *rejected* that," Mami says.

"I... dunno if I buy it," Sayaka says, nose wrinkled. "Kind of a stretch."

"That's fair," you say. "Just... a few more bits to add to the pile. Sayaka, I'm sure you remember that time you were Witch-kissed. One of the reasons we found you so quickly was because of a tip from Oriko. Granted, that may have been some manipulative plan on her part, but still. And one more thing is..."

Oriko says she was trying to save Sayaka by burning her house down. She was trying to set you on the path to *win*. But the thing is, that's what Oriko *said*, and that doesn't hold much weight with Sayaka - and probably positive *buoyancy* with Homura.

"... the house arrest is unhealthy, and problematic for Oriko," you say, dropping that thought and moving to another. "It would be a comfortable and luxurious house for anyone else, but for Oriko, it's a place of deep trauma. It's where her illusions of her father were stripped away, and where she found his *corpse*. I... just don't want to leave her there, if there's anything you can accept."

"How 'bout just moving her to a new place?" Sayaka asks, raising an eyebrow. "She's filthy rich anyway, isn't she? She can afford a new place."

"Yeah, that's absolutely something," you agree. "If they agree, anyway, though I expect that they will."

"You mentioned tracking," Homura murmurs.

"That too," you agree. "Again... as it is, the only way we have to verify that they're abiding by the house arrest is by checking. At least with a remote tracker we can, well, track them remotely even if they're not locked up in one location."

"I don't trust them," Homura says, gaze flicking to you.

"If we had a guard on them when they left?" you suggest. "I mean... prisoners get yard time, right?"

"Yeah, and who has the time to do that?" Sayaka asks, raising an eyebrow. "We have school, and you're always running off to do something or another, aren't you?"

"I don't suppose you'd be interested in sending a clone?" you ask, with a weak grin.

"No," Sayaka says, scowling. "I'm not spending *my* time on them."

You exhale slowly. Can you *really* blame Sayaka for not wanting to spend time on and *with* the people who burned her house down? Not... really, you don't think.

"I don't suppose you have any ideas?" you ask. "Anything you'd be willing to accept?"

Sayaka shrugs, making another face. "Bodycam? Someone's got to review the footage, though. Plus, privacy and stuff. I don't really have any ideas there."

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Yes, there's no word limit or suggestions here by intention.
