# To the White Forest pt. 18

"Hey," you say, standing and smiling gently at Homura. You offer your wrist to her, opposite to her hand on your shoulder, and she takes it, gripping your wrist. It's a little easier, letting you stand a little further away than arm's length.

"What do you need?" Homura asks, eyes intent.

"I wanted to thank you, sincerely," you say, smiling. "I... I'd like to know what you're thinking, and I'd like to give you a hug. May I?"

She nods, a tiny, jerky motion.

You step forward, wrapping your arms around her. She's still too thin, too fragile for the unyielding determination she embodies. Slowly, hesitantly, she hugs you back.

You pull back a few moments later, her hand dropping back to your wrist. "Is that OK?" you ask, watching her with some concern.

She nods again.

"Thank you again, Homura," you say, giving her another smile. "Thank you for extending me your trust."

Homura's shoulders slump a little.

You gently cover her hand with yours, not tightening your grip so that she can easily pull away if needed. She stiffens under the touch, cold little fingers twitching, but she doesn't retreat.

"I... Homura?" you say. "I don't... I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but if you're concerned, or upset, or anything, please talk to me?"

Silence.

Homura doesn't meet your eyes, either, her gaze skittering off to look past you. At Sayaka, at Mami, and you can feel her hand trembling ever so slightly under yours. It's not a thousand-yard stare, not really, but that's all you can liken it to. You're just about to speak again when she beats you to it.

"You're getting results," she says. "I don't-"

She bites the sentence off, jaw working silently.

"This isn't-" she tries again, before cutting herself off.

You smile at her encouragingly. Hopefully. You won't judge her, and you hope she knows that.

She doesn't say anything more, though, just shaking her head.

"May I speak?" you murmur.

Homura nods jerkily.

"I'm grateful, Homura," you say. "I know I've gone on and on about it, but I really *am* grateful for all the trust you've extended me. It means a lot to me. And I know that... I know you've gone through so *much* pain. And I know I've contributed to it too. I'm sorry."

She doesn't say anything more, her gaze dipping to the ground.

"Are you truly OK with this Oriko thing?" you ask carefully. "I know I've been pushing hard on it, and... I hate that I've upset you with the topic."

"She's dangerous," Homura whispers. "She-"

"I know, Homura," you say. Deep down inside Homura, that scared girl who looked out onto a world and knew that *here be monsters* is still there. She never went away, just built layers of armour to protect herself. "I know she is-"

"We have *allies*," Homura whispers with a convulsive swallow. "It's *early*, but we have allies. They know about Walpurgisnacht."

"Yeah," you say, grinning at Homura.

"I've- this never *worked*," she whispers, and there's stark, raw *pain* in her voice, her shoulders hunched against a blow she's endured over and over and over again. "It never *worked* before."

"I won't let Oriko interfere-"

"It doesn't have to be her," Homura whispers, shaking her head. "It- all this *works*. For *you*."

---

- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Break to voting if any point needs more detail, or if Homura seems troubled. Don't be pushy.
- [x] Relax. Comment:
  - [x] Homura's hair and higher dimensions.
  - [x] Raiding Yakuza for (4D) pocket money.
- [x] O\&K.
- [x] Probably a 'random' apartment.
- [x] You don't know the Kure adults. Could be a bad idea.
- [x] Everyone.
- [x] Explain your discomfort when dropping heavy topics. Ask if there's anything you can do to make it less stressful?
- [x] Offer to watch the spar video.
- [x] Put in an order for the tracking devices.
- [x] If there's time, practice enchantment:
- [x] Try using Control Magic...
  - [x] On Grief.
  - [x] To shape something into a Pocket Brina.

\=====​

Short update today, but breaking as requested.
