# To the White Forest pt. 21

Homura doesn't know. She *couldn't* know, and that's... something you can work with.

She hates herself. Homura hates herself.

That once upon a never, where Homura Witched out. She had her Familiars, and then she had her Clara dolls. The reflections of her *self*, who called her Good-For-Nothing. Good for *nothing*, because she's made it a goal since that first loop to *save* Madoka. And yet, for all she's done and for all she's sacrificed, she hasn't done anything more than she did when she was a pig-tailed civilian with a heart condition.

And here *you* are, doing everything she *Wished* she could do. But leaving that aside... she hates herself for everything she's done to *Madoka*. And *for* Madoka. And everything in relation to what she's done *about* Madoka. If you had to guess, she blames herself for failing Madoka, for hurting Madoka, because it's *her* fault. If she didn't loop, Madoka wouldn't be suffering, but she *is*, because she's *selfish*, and she can't let go of Madoka.

A paradox. She wants to protect Madoka, but believes she's selfish for causing Madoka to suffer in her attempts to do so. She believes Madoka ought to be divorced from everything to do with magic, but she's protecting Madoka *because* Madoka asked her to.

What a mess.

You blow out the breath you didn't realise you were holding, and smile at Homura. "She dreams of you as her *hero*," you repeat with quiet emphasis. "She *recognises* you, when you show up at school... you must have noticed that. And not only that, what she picks up from those dreams, those impressions and instincts? They drive her to *trust* you, and get closer to you."

"She's *wrong*," Homura whispers. "That's- that's *wrong*. It- that *shouldn't-*"

"Hey," you say, pulling Homura into a hug again. "Homura, it's OK. It's OK."

She resists, a little, but slumps bonelessly against you a second later. You hug her close. At the end of the day, she's human, however much she tries to reject it. Human contact is comforting, and that's what she *needs* right now.

"She doesn't think you're a failure," you murmur. "Her dreams are... sketchy, and she doesn't get that much out of them. But from what she knows, she *trusts* you, Homura."

"She- *how*?" Homura whispers into your shoulder. Quiet and soft, nearly inaudible even in the dead silence of her timestop.

"How do I know this?" you murmur. "Well, beyond my metaknowledge... beyond the fact that she's a good person, she *does* trust you implicitly. She recognised you, on some level, from the very first moment you meet every loop, right? And she's asked you if you'd *met* before, and she's turned to *you* for help. It's... instinctive, for her."

Homura makes a very small noise, curling up against your hug. You can feel her shaking her head, mouthing something wordlessly against your shoulder, and you can feel your heart breaking for her. Gently, you cleanse her Soul Gem, and your own, just to be sure.

You let her recover, rubbing her back in a slow, soothing circle. Some small part of you is tempted to braid her hair, two large pigtails. It seems the thing to do, but then again, probably not. You let her have the time to regroup, as much as she needs. Here, under the aegis of her power, you have all the *time* she could ever need.

You look at Mami, letting the sight calm you. Even with that look of worry on her face, even with the colour-drained freeze of Homura's timestop, just looking at her still helps you to settle yourself. You've got a plan to help Homura work through this, to prop up her sense of self-worth and maybe help her hate herself a little less.

And you're banking it all on Homura's love of Madoka.

It's not romantic love, not on Homura's part. Not yet. She's scared, and traumatized, and hurting still. She's been hurting for *years*, and you don't think she could *conceive* of it. But she's been fighting for Madoka for all those years, out of love.

"It's just little bits and flashes," you murmur. "And despite that, she *knows* on some level you're fighting for *her*. You're not hurting her - you know her, right? If you *were*, she'd avoid you. But she thinks of you as a *friend*, as someone to be trusted, because you're making *progress*. You're making sure she doesn't get tricked again."

"She's *wrong*," Homura whispers, the words agonized and *raw*. "She- she shouldn't, I- I *failed-*"

"No, Homura," you say. "No, she's *right* to trust you. Without you, none of this would be possible. Without you, Mami, Sayaka, Mitakihara itself, *Madoka*... it'd *all* be gone for *good*. The only reason we have the chance to *fight* for a better future is *because* you never gave up. The only reason *I* exist is because *you* never gave up. I owe everything to you, Homura."

"I-" Homura chokes on the word, shaking her head wordlessly. "I *failed*. I- I only *hurt* Madoka."

---

- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

  - [x] Relax. Comment:
    - [x] Homura's hair and higher dimensions.
    - [x] Raiding Yakuza for (4D) pocket money.
- [x] O\&K.
  - [x] Probably a 'random' apartment.
  - [x] You don't know the Kure adults. Could be a bad idea.
- [x] Everyone.
  - [x] Explain your discomfort when dropping heavy topics. Ask if there's anything you can do to make it less stressful?
  - [x] Offer to watch the spar video.
- [x] Put in an order for the tracking devices.
- [x] If there's time, practice enchantment:
  - [x] Try using Control Magic...
    - [x] On Grief.
    - [x] To shape something into a Pocket Brina.

\=====​

Homura is, at the end of the day, a scared, traumatized girl hiding behind layers and layers of armour. You've peeked under that armour, given her someone she can confide in and somewhere she can be vulnerable. And yet, box it all up, paste her facade back on, and nobody would be able to tell.
