# To the White Forest pt. 22

*There's* the self-loathing.

"You are *not* a failure," you say, pulling back far enough to smile at her. And *here*, you can speak with confidence, letting it infuse your voice as you meet her eyes. "You are *not* a good for nothing. And I'm not going to put up with hearing one of the most amazing people, one of my *friends*, put herself down like that."

"I'm-" Homura's jaw tightens. Somehow, that seems to focus her, her eyes hardening as she looks back at you. "I'm not amazing."

Focus on entirely the wrong thing, that is.

"I disagree," you say, still smiling. For all her conviction that she's done wrong, well. "Homura, listen to me. Right here, right *now*, Madoka is happy, safe, and *protected*. By *you*. Not me. I *help* you, but I'm *not* the one protecting her. If she hadn't met you, her life would have been worse for it."

And the both of you *know* what would have happened, had Homura not met Madoka. She would have been dead, there and then, facing off against the Queen of Witches. You don't say it out loud. You don't need to, you don't *want* to remind Homura of it so directly.

Homura looks away, jaw setting.

You brace your hand against her shoulder, smiling warmly. "Homura, look at me?"

She does, violet eyes drawn to yours.

"Madoka is *happy*. She's safe, and she's *protected*," you repeat. "Yes, I admit, there are dangers that may come. But that she's safe, that she's protected? That really *is* thanks to you, Homura. You were put in an unimaginable situation. Nearly impossible, and... you can't blame yourself for the circumstances. Not when you're *here*, today."

"You *know* what I did," she whispers, gaze dropping from yours again.

"I know," you say. "I couldn't have done better, in your shoes. I know what you've done, and *I accept you*. I believe in you, to the end. And I *know* Madoka would say the same."

Homura shakes her head mutely.

"If Madoka knew everything you've done for her, she wouldn't hesitate for a *second* to say that you were her greatest and best friend," you murmur. "I *know* it, Homura. She would."

And she did, that once upon a never that will never be. Not if you have anything to say about it.

"I-" Homura's breath hitches. "I don't deserve it."

"You've made her life better," you say. "You haven't made it perfect. You haven't hit your own standards of success, but you've made her life better. You're making *progress*. You *try* so hard, even for Mami and Sayaka, even though they keep falling."

You gesture at your friends, frozen in the timestop, and you give Mami a smile. She can't see it, but still. You've... you've come to rely on her. She supports you as much as you support her, and it's comforting.

"You didn't give up on them, even when it seemed impossible," you say. "You kept trying, and you kept getting closer."

Homura shakes her head, tired and slow.

"Homura, I think the world of you," you murmur. "I really do. You've been fighting for so long. Everything you've done, everything you're *still* doing, for Madoka, for me, for the *world*... thank you, for all of it. Just... fighting for a better outcome for everyone is you Madoka would have wanted from you."

She swallows hard, looking away.

You smile at her still, gently clasping her hand between both of yours. She's trembling, still. Just a little. She stills, slowly, and draws in a breath, facing you with renewed determination... before her eyes drop from yours again.

"I'm fighting for her," she whispers. "I... if we win. It doesn't matter."

Her eyes flicker back up to you again, for a split second.

"Thank you," she whispers.

---

- [ ] Anything else to tell Homura?
- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Relax. Comment:
  - [x] Homura's hair and higher dimensions.
  - [x] Raiding Yakuza for (4D) pocket money.
- [x] O\&K.
- [x] Probably a 'random' apartment.
- [x] You don't know the Kure adults. Could be a bad idea.
- [x] Everyone.
- [x] Explain your discomfort when dropping heavy topics. Ask if there's anything you can do to make it less stressful?
- [x] Offer to watch the spar video.
- [x] Put in an order for the tracking devices.
- [x] If there's time, practice enchantment:
- [x] Try using Control Magic...
  - [x] On Grief.
  - [x] To shape something into a Pocket Brina.

---​

I'd like to get a move on, back to real time and back to things proceeding. Not an absolute injunction, of course, but if *possible* it'd be nice to wrap it up.
