# Point Insertion pt. 2

Right then.

Contemplation done.

And really, it should have been obvious in retrospect.

"*Kirika? You awake?*" you reach out to your friend's mind.

"*Shhhh!*" Kirika hisses back.

"*... shhhh?*" you respond, blinking at a nearby tree. It's a rather inoffensive tree, as trees go, but it works perfectly well as a surrogate recipient for your perplexed stare.

"*Oriko's sleeping,*" Kirika whispers.

"*But we're on telepathy, and she's not on the line...*" you say, scratching your head.

"*Yeah but keep it down! Don't wanna wake her up,*" Kirika says.

"*... sure,*" you say. "*This is better, anyway, kind of. Is it OK if I come over right now?*"

"*Sure, as long as we don't wake Oriko!*" Kirika responds.

"*Cool. See you soon!*" you say, already glancing about to check that the area's clear. You take a breath, and transform, Grief answering the call of your mind. It melts from the air and flows into the billowing fabric of your wings.

It's a beautiful day today, early morning sun cutting through the cool, crisp air as you take flight. It's almost a shame to mar the clear blue of the skies with the nightmare purple of your wings, but needs must. You soak in the peace, the distant rumble of the city laid out below you in dizzying towers and neat grids.

You keep a metaphorical eye on the rock you stuffed into 4-space. Interestingly, it doesn't seem to move relative to you - it just keeps station. Which suggests that it *is* literally anchored on your Soul Gem. Which has faintly worrying implications, if it really *is* a proto-Barrier for you.

You streak across the city, familiar skylines letting you find the Mikuni mansion easily, and coast in for a neat, gentle landing in their backyard. The rosebush is still there, withering slowly. Some of its roots seem to have found the ground again, though.

"*Hey, Kirika? I'm here,*" you call.

"*Stay there and be quiet,*" Kirika snaps. "*Be there in a sec.*"

"*... OK?*" you say.

Kirika emerges a few moments later, *carefully* sliding the door open.

She's...

Huh.

"*It's a surprise for Oriko,*" Kirika says, grinning and raising her eyebrows at you. "*C'mon.*"

She turns, and heads back into the mansion.

"*One sec,*" you say, looking around.

Yep, that bird is *definitely* giving you a Look. A woodpecker of some kind, you think.

You grin, and salute the bird before following Kirika.

You can smell something cooking, and you follow Kirika in to the kitchen to find it a mess. Not quite a disaster, but there's evidence of spills. A *lot* of spills. Flour and batter and syrup and water and soap suds everywhere, except for the clear circle around the laptop, but it does smell good. Not as good as Mami's cooking, granted, but still.

"*... I'll help clean up,*" you say. "*But can I have a moment to talk to you privately? Outside*"

"*Only if it doesn't take too long,*" Kirika says, giving you a bright, fanged grin.

You nod, and wave Kirika outside again. Really, you should have asked first, now that you think about it. Oh well.

A moment of thought forms a Grief platform, and Kirika steps up without prompting. You take the disc straight up, until you're a safe distance from the mansion, and call to you the bit of enchanted Grief. You'd wanted to keep an eye on that to test how long it lasts, but time is important here for Kirika's sake, so you'll use it. You can start a new batch later, anyway.

Some focus, and the privacy field blooms around you.

"So what's up?" Kirika says, dusting her hands. Flour sprinkles all over the floor of the flight disc, stark white against mottle, fractal purple.

"Right... so this is a bit of a heavy topic, but have you found Hisaomi's diary yet?" you ask.

"Who?" Kirika asks, blinking at you.

"Oriko's father," you say. "There's flour on your nose, by the way. Don't-"

You trail off with a sigh.

"... don't use your hands," you say. "You're... gonna want to wash your face now."

"Oh," Kirika says, pulling her hands back. "Right."

"Right," you say. "And... this is kind of important, so... do you think you could spare a few more minutes to go and find it?"

"What do I care about some lame-ass diary?" Kirika asks.

You grimace to yourself.

"You know Oriko's opinion of her father, then and now, right?" you say, and continue at Kirika's nod. "Well. Her father was... *if* my knowledge is right, and it may be wrong, then his diary contains all of his misdeeds. Including what he did to Oriko's mother."

Kirika freezes. Her expression goes blank, hands clenching into fists.

"Let's go," she demands.

"Of course," you say, letting the privacy device dissolve. You're already taking the platform down, landing neatly in the garden. Some of the Grief you call to you, moulding it gently in one hand. "Though, uh. I don't actually know which room is his study."

Kirika takes the lead without a word, bounding up the stairs three at a time with silent, catlike grace. You follow, pads of Grief flash-formed beneath your feet helping you move noiselessly. A part of your attention goes to the kitchen, Grief fog flooding and mapping every square centimeter and starting to scour off the spills and burns.

She stops at a door, hand resting on the doorknob for a second before shoving the door open and stepping forward.

"*Oriko never comes in here,*" Kirika murmurs. "*Doesn't even acknowledge this room exists.*"

"*Mm,*" you say, absently cleaning the flour smudges off the doorknob as you follow Kirika into the extravagantly furnished study. It's almost stereotypical, rich, mahogany furnishing with pastel wallpaper, a large window behind the desk. Bookshelves dominate a wall, dust heavy on every part.

And right there on the desk...

Kirika's making a beeline for it, snatching the book up. She flips through it, jumping to the last page. Her expression slides into a rictus of rage, and she skims through it backwards, eyes flickering from side to side.

The covers start to rip under her fingers, and she freezes at the sound, the feral snarl warring almost comically with wide-eyed terror. She thrusts the journal at you.

"*Take it,*" she snarls. "*Take the damned thing. She- she can't *ever* see- that piece of *filth*- dying was too *good* for that*thing-"

You take it wordlessly, tucking it under your arm and reaching out to rest your other hand on her shoulder. She whirls on you, fingers hooking into claws- and then she relaxes, and grins at you.

"*Hey, thanks for looking out for Oriko!*" she chirps brightly.

You almost flinch from the mood change. "*Uh. Sure. Of course.*"

She grins, bright and cheerful, and bounces out of the room.

... ow, the whiplash.

You shake your head, letting Grief sweep in beside you as you walk out. You redistribute the dust carefully, making sure that your footprints are erased and the markings on the table are cleared away.

"*Oh hey, you got the kitchen already! Thanks!*" Kirika says.

"*... uh, yeah, you're welcome,*" you say, carefully nudging the door shut and dusting the doorknob to ensure there are no fingermarks. "*By the way, uh... you know the hammerspace trick?*"

"*Hmm?*" Kirika says.

"*There's a trick to hide items away from view,*" you say. "*I think all magical girls can do it to some degree or another. I can show you, if you like, and you can keep the diary if you want?*"

"*I *don't* want it,*" Kirika hisses, voice suddenly darkening again. "*Shred it, burn it, whatever. Get rid of it.*"

"*Right,*" you say as you enter the kitchen. You watch Kirika flit about - you're not even sure if she's cooking a coherent meal per se. There's something in the oven, she's turning pancakes on the stove, and that smells like miso soup in the pot, and *that* is a nice looking salad...

"*Do I have to pretend to be asleep much longer?*" Oriko's voice speaks in your head.

"*... I don't know what you're talking about?*" you say, glancing at the freshly worked and enchanted Grief in your hand. It feels ready, and so you loft it into the air, letting it sail away through the window. You'll keep an eye on it this time.

"*My dear Kirika isn't as subtle as she thinks she is,*" Oriko says fondly. "*I woke up when she tried to sneak out of bed, and I must admit her cooking has improved by leaps and bounds. The smell has prevented me from going back to sleep. Additionally, I saw you from the window.*"

"*... right, gotcha,*" you say, and eye Kirika. You're pretty sure the *maid outfit* is still going to be a surprise, though.

A maid outfit with the mandatory ruffles, somehow managing to remain a pristine white and black even through Kirika's haphazard cooking style. You watch as she delicately dices fruit with her claws, tossing them over her shoulder to land neatly in a bowl.

... not bad, you have to admit. But still not as stylish as Mami.

You're pretty sure the maid outfit is an alteration of her magical girl outfit, actually.

"*Probably not too much longer?*" you hazard.

"*To what do I owe the pleasure, in any case?*" Oriko asks.

---

- [ ] Oriko's question
- [ ] Defer the topic for now
  - [ ] In the meantime...
  - [] Hunt a Witch for a third Clear Seed to experiment with
  - [] Something else?
- [ ] Ask if they can spare some time for the discussion
- [ ] Discussing the house arrest
- [ ] How do you approach this?
- [ ] Bring up selling the mansion
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

I'll be trying to update again by my Wednesday! Also, I've edited the last post slightly, in the conversation between Sabrina and Hijiri-

> "*Captured, and kept under guard,*" you say. "*To be honest, her room's nicer than mine. I talked to her about what happened, too. I... I understand what happened, between you and her and the Pleiades.*"
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()
