# Point Insertion pt. 3

"*An update on, ah, housing matters,*" you say. "*I discussed it with Sayaka, Homura, and Mami last night, and... the outlook is generally positive, but the details can wait until after breakfast?*"

You untuck the diary from under your arm, Grief flowing in to seal a binding around it. With a thought, you rotate it *away* from you, the encased book popping out of sight. And as an afterthought, you rotate your other cloud-stored items away, too, just to get them all into one place. Homura's little book of Witches, the gold and cash, the assault rifle, the katana...

"*Ah, that is good,*" Oriko says. "*I would certainly prefer it be after breakfast, yes.*"

"*Then I'll be back later!*" you say, and glance up. "*Hey, Kirika?*"

"*Yup?*" she asks, citrine eyes flickering over to you as she bustles about to load a tray with various breakfast foods.

"*I'll be back in... eh, an hour? Will that be enough time for breakfast?*" you say. "*I do have other stuff to talk to you and Oriko about, but it can wait a bit.*"

"*More is better,*" Kirika says. "*But an hour's enough. Waffle?*"

"*Uh, sure,*" you say, accepting the offered pancake in a paper bag. "*Thanks. I'll let you know when I'm headed back, then.*"

"*Coolio,*" Kirika says, grinning at you and picking up the tray. "*How do I look?*"

"*Straighten your back,*" you say, looking her up and down. "*Gotta have that posture right.*"

"*Right,*" Kirika says. She draws herself up and raises her chin, tray held primly in front of herself. "*Good?*"

"*Yup. See you later, and have fun!*" you say.

"*Oh, we will\~*" Kirika says cheerfully and starts for the stairs.

You grin at her and let yourself out, waffle in hand. You take to the skies once more, nibbling absently on the waffle as you fly. Off to pay Warehouse-kun a visit.

A thought occurs to you as you soar over Mitakihara. If this 4-space you've... discovered... is a proto-Barrier, then what the hell was the actual Barrier you created with Grief? Especially the one where you found a Feather after dismissing it? Would it be the actualization of this 4-space? Some intersection of it with the conventional three dimensions of everyday life?

You're... not really sure.

Also, pigeons. You give your fellow passengers on the morning thermals a suspicious look. A handful of crows, a few darting sparrows, and, yes, a scattering of pigeons. For some reason, you feel vaguely suspicious of them now, and it's not just because you *know* that Sayaka's using them to spy on the Kures.

She's using other birds to spy too, of course, but you feel *especially* suspicious of pigeons. Might be that display this morning. They've clearly taken over Sayaka.

You glide in for a gentle landing outside Warehouse-kun, your boots scraping on the sandy yard. You stretch, using the motion to cover a discreet look around for spying pigeons.

... hm. Maybe Feathers is actually a cabal of pigeons. You could see it.

You step inside the warehouse, tossing the now-empty waffle wrapper to the side and letting your Grief whisk it away into your hammerspace.

You sit on a Grief bench, curling your legs up comfortably, and root about in your pocket to pull out your three Seeds. Hildegarde, Aurora, and Elsa Maria. You set Elsa Maria and Hildegarde down beside you, giving them a healthy amount of spacing.

Gently, reverently, you remove your Soul Gem from your lapel. You place it beside Elsa Maria, letting the smidgen of accumulated Grief drain away. You sigh, blowing out a sharp breath. The relief you feel is probably psychosomatic, with *that* little Grief, but *still*.

Aurora, Hildegard, and Elsa Maria: experiment, control, and safety precautions. Well, precaution, singular. Everything you could need for Science.

You hold Aurora up to your eye level. You can sense the speck of Grief within, the *core* of the Witch. There's Grief in there, more than the infinitesimally *slow* trickle of Grief dripping from the core. Of course, Aurora had been in use by Oriko and Kirika before you traded her for another Clear Seed.

Aurora pulses faintly in your senses. Quiescent, yes, but... a little less so than Hildegard. You can't say she's stirring, precisely, but you have the *faintest* impression of the abyss looking back at you.

Alright. Magic has been all about *will* and intent, in your experience. So, in this case, you're going to try happy thoughts.

And for you, that means Mami, and your friends.

You smile softly to yourself as you gather your thoughts and your magic, letting it pool in your palm, for lack of a better word. You bring to mind Mami's gentle, absolute *faith* in you, her smile, her warm presence. Your friends, Homura with her not-quite aloofness, and Sayaka with too much energy and Madoka, timid and shy but not weak, never weak, and Hitomi with her unwavering, sensible demeanour. You press your hand to Aurora.

And the magic drains away, almost *yanked* away by Aurora.

You blink, and absently verify that your happy thoughts are still in order. Mami, check. Your friends, check. Good.

Next, you check your Soul Gem and Elsa Maria - both clear. Well, not \*clear-\*clear, but no less clear than they were a couple moments ago. And speaking of a few moments, you pull your phone out and prop it in front of you with a bit of Grief so you can keep an eye on the time and ensure that you don't spontaneously lose a few hours.

And now for the experimental results. You take a careful look at Aurora.

The magic is... there. You can't really tell if it's *happy* magic, but it's there. Barely. It's spread thin throughout the Clear Seed, a thin haze you wouldn't have noticed if you hadn't been looking for it. Whisper-thin, like paint diluted in too much water.

Hmm.

You set your Clear Seeds aside, and summon Grief to you from the air. You're familiar with the process now, rolling it out across your thighs and kneading it as you let magic soak into the deep, fractal purple.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami's voice.

"*Hey, Mami,*" you say warmly. "*Good timing. How are you?*"

"*Ah... I'm alright,*" she says. "*I just... wanted to talk?*"

"*I'm here,*" you say. Enchanting Grief doesn't take much attention at all, and so you can devote more to Mami. "*How's class?*"

"*Ah, it's good,*" Mami says. You can hear her relaxing as she speaks, the faint tremor of worry ebbing away. "*It's geography right now. We're learning more about the Itoigawa-Shizuoka Fault.*"

"*Ah... that sounds familiar, but I can't quite place it?*" you say.

"*It's a fault line that runs across Japan,*" Mami says. "*We're not that far from it!*"

You chat with Mami as you work, and you can't help the smile on your face. You offer what insights you can - oddly, or perhaps not so oddly, the geology of Japan isn't something that springs readily to your mind. Which means you have something to learn!

"*... ah... the teacher's handing out assignments now,*" Mami says, at length. "*I... should pay attention...*"

"*I'm not going anywhere,*" you say firmly. "*When you're done, let me know, ok?*"

"*Alright,*" Mami whispers, and cuts the line.

You sigh happily, still smiling. Just a bit more work for the enchanted Grief -really, it seems to soak up magic endlessly- and you think you can test it. With a twist, you pinch the blob of Grief in half, half a fistful of magic and distilled despair.

Without any ceremony, you pick up Aurora, and push them together. And there's a sound that tastes like-

-*plub*-

-and then Grief coats the Clear Seed. It doesn't get absorbed, just gets pulled into a *shell* around the Seed. If you *look*, you can see the magic that forms your enchantment twining into strands that sink *into* Aurora. And the Witch core is a little more lively, sullen twists of Grief bobbing within the Seed.

You scowl thoughtfully at Aurora, and set it aside for now.

"*Sabrina?*" Oriko says. "*We're done now.*"

"*Oh, whoops!*" you say, jerking to your feet and glancing at your phone. Just under an hour. "*Coming! Be there in, uh, five?*"

"*There is no need to rush,*" Oriko says, but you're already out of the warehouse, Soul Gem back on your lapel. Elsa Maria goes into one pocket and Hildegard into another, and Aurora you hold out in front of you as wings billow from your shoulders. A thought strips away the Grief shell, Aurora almost *grumbling* as you do so, but the magic-

... you can't find any purchase on the magic.

That's... you don't have any especial control over *magic*, and the Clear Seed seems to have taken it up nicely.

**\[] Aurora
\- \[] Leave it be, come back to it later
\- \[] Do something...
\-- \[] What? (Write-in)
\[] The Kures
\- \[] Discuss house arrest
\-- \[] As in vote in abeyance
\-- \[] Some modification?
\[] After the talk
\- \[] Back to Science
\-- \[] What? (Write-in)
\- \[] Something else?
\-- \[] Rionna
\-- \[] Kyouko
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X] When Oriko wants to talk: Discuss House Arrest.
-\[X] Explain yesterday's talk.
\--\[X] Apologize for the sudden birb invasion.
\--\[X] Offer your thoughts. Progress is gonna be slow, and if they agree to the changes, that would help.
\--\[X] Ask what they think.
\---\[X] Ask if they want to move out into a new apartment.
\[X] Ask Oriko if she knows about the Shirome potentials.
\[X] SCIENCE!:
-\[X] Precaution: Leave your Soul Gem in contact with Elsa Maria.
-\[X] Abort if Kures want to talk or backlash occurs.
-\[X] Observe all Seeds before, during and after 'testing'.
-\[X] Procedure:
\--\[X] In privacy field, only after you've finished speaking with the Kures: Same rules as last block.
\--\[X] Use enchanted grief to try to make a device for analyzing and/or talking to grief seeds.

\=====​

So, I'm cutting the update here because I am falling sick. Or already have, really. Just the flu, but I'm kind of lethargic and if I don't update here I won't be updating at all today.

Also, I seem to have written 'happy thoughts' instead of 'compassionate thoughts'. I blame the fever.
