# Point Insertion pt. 6

A bit of time. Not too much, not too little, and you *really* want to get to the bottom of this whole thing with Aurora.

So you'll head to school. Not *directly* to school, but to a nearby rooftop where you can settle down and do some *Science* while waiting for lunch. Not like you'd want to miss that.

You settle down amongst the humming air conditioning compressors, perched on the edge of the roof. You can see Mitakihara Middle School from here, with all its flying buttresses and spires and bizarrely ornate fenciness.

Architect gone mad. Or possibly the work of a magical girl, given what you already know. Which probably explains Shirome as well, now that you think about it. Direct competition.

Regardless, you have work to do. You withdraw Aurora from your pocket, holding her up in front of you. She's wrapped in your enchanted Grief, still. But not... draining the magic, as you'd surmised. There are tendrils of magic sunk into the Clear Seed like roots, yes, but magic isn't running out, no more than the lump of enchanted Grief you're keeping as a control. Maybe the Grief is just a protective layer, something to shield herself with?

... Perhaps *nerves* would be a more accurate description than *roots*.

You hum thoughtfully, a snatch of Mami's theme. Enchantments.

Aurora likes happy, hopeful magic, and, apparently, your enchanted Grief. What about *regular* enchantments? The problem is that the only enchantment you're really proficient with is the malleability enchantment, which is perhaps a bit too similar to Grief enchanted with that exact same enchantment. Still, perhaps worth a try.

You chip off a piece of roofing flagstone with Grief, and set Aurora aside so you can focus on the enchantment. Magic seeps from your fingers, flowing through your skin to wind through the rock in easy, familiar patterns, and you nod to yourself as it takes shape. The cement smooths under your fingers, turning soft and malleable.

You pick up Aurora, and tap the Clear Seed against the enchantment.

And...

Nothing.

Aurora stirs a little, but that's it. You even try parting the shield of enchanted Grief and touching the enchanted rock against the crystal of the Clear Seed directly, but there's no reaction at all, the Grief slamming shut like a curtain the moment you withdraw your control.

You nod thoughtfully to yourself, putting Aurora back into your pocket. You'll ruminate on that, and for now, you'll repeat the process with Hildegarde and Elsa Maria. You drum your fingers against your thigh, eyeing the time on your phone. You really only have the time for one, *and* it occurs to you you should be checking in on the formerly-Shiogama girls, too.

Hildegarde, then.

You pull the Clear Seed out of your pocket, and draw forth magic. Magic and joy and hope. Mami, your friends, even Oriko and Kirika. *Hope* for Oriko, and the simple reassurance of the camaraderie between you and Kirika, and the joy in your friendship. The warm comfort of being with Mami, and the easy joy of spending time with Sayaka and Madoka and Hitomi and Homura, even as frustrating as Homura might be sometimes.

Magic soaks into the Seed, saturating the crystal matrix. It's no different than Aurora, drinking up the magic eagerly and letting it spread throughout the core, and you nod, satisfied as you continue the treatment.

"*Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito?*" you say, reaching out for the Shiogama girls.

"*Uhm... Miss Sabrina?*" Akemi says. "*Do you need us to do something?*"

"*No, no, I was wondering if you're settling in OK?*" you ask. "*I know it must be a big change and all.*"

"*No... I mean, yes, we're settling in OK,*" Akemi says.

"*I think we needed the change in scenery,*" Noriko offers quietly. "*Again, thank you, Miss Sabrina.*"

"*I'm glad,*" you say. You're still monitoring the flow of magic into Hildegarde, but you let the happiness of having *helped* seep in, too. "*Do you feel up to a proper meeting sometime?*"

"*Oh, uhm, of course,*" Akemi says. "*We'd- we owe you.*"

"*Hey, I'm happy to help,*" you say. "*And, uh, just one sec.*" You leave them on metaphorical hold. "*Mami?*"

"*Sabrina,*" Mami says warmly. "*A-ah, how are you?*"

"*I'm good!*" you say. "*I'm actually near the school right now, waiting for lunch! Maybe you can see me if you look?*"

Mami giggles, warm and fond. "*I'll try,*" she says. "*But I'm still in class! What's happening, Sabrina?*"

"*Just some experimenting with magic, and I'm talking to Miss Watanabe and Miss Saito,*" you say. "*Do you think we could invite them over for dinner tonight, if they're up for it? I kind of wanna talk to them properly.*"

"*Definitely!*" Mami says. "*Ah... do find out if we should cook for three or two, for them?*"

"*... that is an *excellent* point,*" you agree. "*I'll find out, and see you soon!*"

"*See you soon, Sabrina,*" Mami says.

You smile as you disconnect that telepathic call, and return to Akemi and Noriko. "*How does meeting over dinner today sound?*" you say.

"*Uhm...*" Akemi says.

"*Dinner would be fine,*" Noriko says.

"*Alright, then!*" you say. "*See you later, then! Oh, uh... Two things. I'll probably come by to pick you both up, since I'm guessing you don't really know your way around yet. And I'll be dropping off groceries for you, too? And, er, Miss Watanabe, do you eat for two bodies or just one?*"

"*Uhm. Thank you?*" Akemi says.

"*Ah... yes. Thank you?*" Noriko echoes. "*And just one, Miss Sabrina.*"

"*Alright, good to know. And I'm happy to help,*" you say firmly. "*So I'll see you later. Take care.*"

You end the call, returning your attention to Hildegarde. She seems perfectly happy to soak up the... *hopeful* magic, just like Aurora. For good measure, you try a spark of regular magic, too, and find that it just washes off, exactly as before. And finally, you set her aside so that you can enchant another blob of Grief to test.

It takes you a few minutes of kneading and channelling of magic before you feel it's ready, just a few finger's worth of enchanted Grief. You press Hildegarde to it, and-

*pleb*

-Hildegarde all but *snatched* the Grief from you to cocoon itself.

Hm. Nothing notably different from Aurora, then.

Interesting, and good to know.

You check the time on your phone again. And the time is *time to go*.

Hildegarde goes back into pocket, and you hop to your feet. It's not a very long jump to Mitakihara Middle School, just a couple hundred meters or so, but you'd rather not damage the roof *there*. They might close it off for repairs. And so you form wings and take a hop off the side of the roof, gliding gently down to the school.

You rock backwards and forwards on the balls of your feet, hands behind your back as you wait for the bell. Just as you're about to start getting antsy, it goes off, accompanied by a near explosion of noise - the synchronized scrape of hundreds of chairs, and the traditional end of lesson thanks.

You sense Mami moments later. Even if you didn't recognise her presence by familiarity, the way she speeds through the corridors and up the stairs is a dead giveaway. You have your arms open already as she emerges from the stairwell, and when she crashes into you, you sweep her off her feet into a laughing, spinning hug.

"Hi!" you say, and press a gentle kiss to the tip of her nose. Her eyes cross adorably, nose scrunching up as she blushes.

"Hi," she murmurs back, nestling gently against you.

It takes a while longer for the rest of your friends to filter up to the rooftop. Hitomi and Sayaka chatting about something, and Homura taking the rear of the group, half a step behind Madoka despite the pinkette's obvious urging. You all settle down for lunch on the sun-warmed benches, laughter and chatter ringing out as you talk about their day so far.

A crow flutters down to perch beside Sayaka, beady eyes fixed on you. Not a pigeon, even if those *are* black feathers, so you're good.

You relax with Mami as your side, savouring the riceballs you and Mami had made this morning.

"Oh!" you say, snapping your fingers. "Sayaka, I got you something!"

Without further ado, you dump several *large* packs of birdseed on the bench beside her. The crow hops to the side.

Sayaka eyes the packets for a long moment before shrugging. "You know what? Thanks," she says, and rips the top bag open, scattering a handful of seed on the floor. "So what's this about you saluting a bird this morning?"

"Seemed like the thing to do," you say, grinning at her. You watch as Sayaka tilts her head back and makes an odd, strangled noise in the back of her throat. The crow squawks, and flutters into the sky, returning a few minutes later with a small horde of birds that proceed to devour the seeds.

"Hey, why not?" Sayaka says, shrugging in response to the odd looks. "Er. Can you keep the rest for me until... I dunno, tonight?"

"Yeah, sure," you say, snickering as you make the bags disappear back into hammerspace.

"New magic power?" Hitomi asks, peering at the empty stretch of bench.

"Eh, kind of," you agree. "It's something apparently all or most magical girls can learn?"

"Ah, it's like your shield, Homura!" Madoka says.

Homura shakes her head. "Different."

"Oh?" you ask, curiosity piqued. You *do* sort of wonder about Homura's hammerspace.

"Different skill," Homura says. "That's a learned technique. My shield is a lot more versatile, and it preserves stored items. It's easier to store and retrieve things."

"Huh, makes sense," you say, beaming at Homura. The 'inside' of her shield is timestopped, presumably.

Sayaka snorts, as if realising something. "So *that's* where all the guns come from," she says, and waves her chopsticks at you. "Trade you maki for a riceball?"

"Hm? Sure," you say, and do just that. You split the sushi roll with Mami, of course, and she gives you a warm smile.

"No, no, I just put it together," Sayaka continues, indicating Homura. "Guns and her shield and your shopping trips to the yakuza."

"Didn't... I'm pretty sure we've mentioned it before?" you say. You're sure you sound a bit perplexed.

"I guess? But there's a difference between knowing Homura steals stuff from the yakuza and knowing that she stole *everything* from the yakuza, you know?" Sayaka says.

"Not just the yakuza," Homura says, placidly eating a bit of fish.

Sayaka gives her a look. "Riiiiight," she says. "I don't want to know."

"Speaking of not knowing and bad segues," you say. "So... Rionna Mag Aoidh is due in today, according to Oriko."

"Who?" Hitomi asks.

"Uh... magical girl specializing in Soul-related shennigans from Edinburgh," you say. "She's apparently heard about my powers and is coming to take a look."

"I haven't heard anything," Mami says thoughtfully.

"Which is what I wanted to ask," you say. "Isn't it... customary for magical girls travelling to, ah, call ahead?"

"It is," Mami says, pursing her lips thoughtfully.

"Perhaps things are done differently in Scotland?" Hitomi suggests. "They *are* half a world away."

"Maybe she's just rude," Sayaka offers.

"Ah..." Madoka ventures timidly. "Maybe she's just not used to it?"

"Mm?" you say.

"Um, ah, Miss Bennouna *did* say she didn't really... have friends, right?" Madoka says. "Maybe... maybe she just doesn't know she has to?"

"That's very possible," Mami agrees. "I suppose we'll just have to keep an eye out."

"... there's an airport in the city, isn't there?" you ask.

"Yes, Sabrina, there's an airport," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "As much as you fly, I'm surprised you haven't seen it."

Mami pats your hand gently.

"It *is* a ways to the north-west, in fairness," Hitomi says. "Well out of the way of the city center."

"I suppose I *have* seen planes, just never really paid attention to them," you say, shrugging. "I'll... keep an eye out in that general direction, I guess."

Sayaka snorts.

"Don't you laugh at me," you say, levelling a finger at her. "Also, you know what you should do? Send a clone or five to go Witch hunting when Mami and I do. Or maybe even when you're at school, we can go hunting or something."

"Sounds fun," Sayaka says, shrugging. "Let me know?"

---

- [ ] Wrapping up lunch
  - [ ] What else to talk about, if anything?
- [ ] What comes after lunch?
  - [ ] More Science
    - [ ] What about?
  - [ ] Contact Rionna
    - [ ] What do you say to her?
  - [ ] Check out the airport
  - [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Here we go. I'll be trying for another update... Thursday or so?
