# Point Insertion pt. 7

"Yep, I'll let you know," you say, nodding at Sayaka. "It'd be good practice for you, too. Maybe this evening... we'll see."

During Sayaka's training with Kyouko, you don't say out loud. Ought to be good *training* for her to face Kyouko *and* a Witch at the same time... Well, if she can manage it. Or maybe just during school, but you're not sure you want to leave Mami out of it.

You chew thoughtfully on the riceball, letting the savoury filling roll over your tongue and thinking.

"So... I'll just put it out," you say. "What do you guys think of contacting Rionna before she contacts *us*? I mean... I think it'd be alright, but people are complicated and all."

"I would think it strange, if someone contacted me ahead of an unannounced arrival," Hitomi says.

"I... would be surprised!" Madoka says. "But... um... if Miss Bennouna says she doesn't have friends, then... she would want one?"

"I would too," Mami agrees. "If I were deliberately trying to conceal my arrival... ah, but she might just be lacking in knowledge of the usual graces."

"Yeaaaah," Sayaka says. "I'm gonna go with being a bit suspicious, *but* you've got a convenient reason for it, y'know? And the entire point of her coming here is that *you* are a weirdo, isn't it?"

"Sayaka!" Madoka scolds.

"It's true!" Sayaka says, shrugging. "Homura, what do you think?"

"I would be very suspicious," Homura says. "And I don't know her."

"Ah... you could ask Miss Bennouna for *her* opinion?" Madoka suggests.

"And that is why you get paid the big bucks," you say, grinning at Madoka. "Yeah, you raise a good point - any communication would need to go through her first, anyway."

Madoka fidgets, blushing. "It wasn't really anything special..."

"It *is* a good point," you say firmly. "Homura, tell her."

Conversation lapses onto easier topics after that. For your part, you sit back and let your mind wander. Mami nudges you, and you turn a smile on her. You snuggle closer, wrapping your arm around her waist. She sighs happily.

"What are you thinking about, Sabrina?" she asks curiously.

"A few things, really," you say. "Though... how do you feel about me bringing Sayaka out on a hunt during the afternoon session?"

"I..." Mami looks down, staring at the lunchbox on her lap. "I think it would be a good experience for her."

"Yeah," you agree. "But I'm asking *you*, Mami."

She's quiet for a moment, nestled up against your side.

"I'm afraid," she whispers. "It's stupid and irrational, but I'm afraid."

"I'm not going to leave you, Mami," you murmur, pulling her closer.

She takes a deep, deep breath, and lets it out before straightening a little. "I think it would be a good experience for Sayaka."

"Alright," you say. You reach up, brushing the hair from her face, and smile at her. "You're awesome, Mami. Don't ever forget it."

"I'm- I'm really not," she whispers. "B-but. I'm thankful, every day, every hour, every minute, every second, that you think I'm worth your time."

"You are," you say warmly. "Of *course* you are, Mami."

She takes another deep breath, and smiles shakily at you. "I... thank you for telling me in advance, Sabrina," she murmurs. "It helps."

"I'm glad," you say, and hug her. The rest of your friends have not-so-subtly shuffled off to the side, giving you some privacy, but Madoka catches your eye in the lull, and nudges Hitomi and Sayaka.

And the conversation rolls back in, like it never left, Sayaka poking Homura in the side and making her twitch.

"So why don't you have a proper weapon, anyway?" she asks loudly.

"It's my magic," Homura says, shrugging.

"Ahhh, don't be like that, Sayaka!" Madoka protests. "I think Homura is cool!"

Hitomi sighs theatrically. "You all say that, but I've never really seen any of you use your powers in earnest."

You beam at your friends, hugging Mami closer. She nestles into your arms, cuddling close.

"... you know," you say, pulling the DVD out of your bag with Grief - the one you got from Yuki. "I suppose it's kind of self aggrandizing, but I do actually have a recording of a fight I had with an ally from Fukushima."

"It's really not the same," Hitomi says, raising an eyebrow. "Though I'm well aware that your fights can be dangerous, especially for bystanders."

"*We coooould invite Hitomi along for my evening lesson with Kyouko?*" Sayaka's voice speaks in your head.

"*... maybe,*" you agree. "*Up to Hitomi, but I doubt Kyouko would really mind? I guess the bigger issue is not encouraging Madoka...*"

"*Hrrrrh,*" Sayaka says. "*You and Homura both, huh. I kinda see it, but... We can show her that we're strong and getting stronger.*"

"*That's true,*" you agree. "*It's a good idea, but, uh, lemme think it through properly and I'll let you know?*"

"*Yeah sure,*" Sayaka says.

"It can be," Homura murmurs quietly, daintily collecting more rice from her lunchbox and eating it.

"Mmmhm," you say. "Oh, that reminds me. Speaking of Homura's weapons, so... you ever hear the tale of the Yakuza boss and the Mop?"

"... no?" Sayaka says, giving you a suspicious look.

You laugh, and lean back. You relay the story, using the katana itself as a prop, which Hitomi seems to appreciate, taking the sword and examining it with interest. Sayaka's cackling with laughter by the end of the story. Madoka seems torn between dismay and amusement, and Homura just seems faintly exasperated.

Finally, lunch winds to a close, all of you putting your lunchboxes away.

"Sayaka? Have a clone waiting?" you say. "And, uh, Homura, could I have a private word in a moment?"

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says, grinning. She transforms, splitting off a clone before handing the clone her chain of powers and detransforming. "Oi, I'm trusting you to keep those powers safe, mmkay?"

"... hah!" you say, pointing at Sayaka. "I just realised. You and Homura's magic are similar, only she has to gather guns, but *you* have to gather powers."

Homura's expression does some rather *peculiar* twitching before settling back into blank neutrality.

"Yeah, whatever," Sayaka says, waving. "C'mon, Madoka, Hitomi." Her clone leaps into the air, cerulean light steaking behind her as she soars for the next building.

"I'll wait," Homura murmurs, gesturing at the stairwell after the rest of your friends.

And that leaves Mami.

You hold her hands in yours, turning to face her properly with a warm, adoring smile on your face.

"I consider myself lucky every single day, you know?" you murmur. "That I get to be with Tomoe Mami. The bravest, most brilliant, toughest magical girl in all of Japan."

"I'm not any of that," Mami whispers, before cracking a tiny grin. "Maybe the last one."

"That's my girl," you say, beaming at her.

"You make me believe I could be better," Mami whispers, leaning into your hug.

"You keep me grounded. Keep me sane, keep me on the right path," you say.

You relax into the hug for a few moments, before Mami makes an effort to pull away. "I'll... see you after school?"

"You will," you affirm, smiling, and plant a kiss on her forehead. Mami blushes, forcing herself to step back.

Step by step, Mami forces herself to back away, smile on her face. You smile right back, waving as she finally disappears down the stairs, and Homura emerges, already transformed.

You clasp her offered hand in yours, bracing for the shuddering *jolt*-

\-of transition into her timestop. The silence is all but deafening, but you're well familiar with it by this point.

"What's happening?" Homura murmurs.

"Thanks for taking the time," you say, beaming at Homura.

She looks faintly exasperated, but nods.

"Well. So... I've been working on de-Witching," you say, and pull Aurora from your pocket.

"Is that Grief?" she asks, staring at the Clear Seed.

"Yeah," you say. "I've been pouring... well, I don't know what to call it. Happiness-flavoured magic? It's possible to channel emotions into magic, it seems, and Clear Seeds seem to soak it up."

Homura frowns at the Clear Seed.

"Also, the Grief has my enchantment applied to it," you say. "I'm not sure why, but instead of just absorbing the Grief like it does with normal Grief, the Clear Seed seems to want to build a shell?"

"I... see," Homura says. She looks kind of perturbed, staring at the Clear Seed.

"Yeah," you say. "Honestly, I'm not sure what to make of it, either. It's progress, definitely, but I'm figuring out progress towards *what*."

Homura looks up at you, almost pinning you in place with her gaze. "Be *careful*."

"I..." you almost flinch from the intensity of her glare. "I will. I... I'm actually planning on trying to make contact, or build a body next?"

Homura jabs a finger at the Clear Seed. "You don't know what that is," she says. "*Be careful*."

"I will," you affirm. "I will. I promise, Homura. I... you're right. If I don't know what I've woken up in there... I shouldn't just willy-nilly give it a body without being sure first, yeah."

Homura nods, amethyst eyes never breaking contact with yours.

You smile at Homura. "Hey. Thanks for looking out for me," you say. "I really appreciate it, Homura."

She nods again.

"So... speaking of looking out for me," you say slowly. "There's something I want to ask your opinion on."

"Yes?" Homura asks.

"I'm wondering about reading Sayaka in on the whole Witch thing. I- wait, wait-" You hold up your hand placatingly. "Let me make my case, and if you disagree or if I've missed anything I'll listen to you?"

Homura subsides, frowning.

"So..." you look up at the sky, frowning at the greyed out clouds. "Sayaka wants to help. With her powers, I believe she can, and I think... I think that if I bring it up and frame it in the context of *helping* girls who have fallen, it would help her through things. And the thing is... she's actually shown sympathy for Witches, too. I think the notion of doing good for them could work to drive her and... stabilise things, I guess."

You hold your hand out, tipping it from side to side as if balancing something.

"That's the pros, as it were. The cons..." You grimace, exhaling slowly. "Or, well, the risks. I'm worried she'll be hurt by the knowledge, and be isolated by it. Granted, that would be three of us in the know, but then there's Mami, Hitomi and Madoka who aren't in the loop, and I know what you think of that."

"Don't drag Madoka into this," Homura says, her jaw tightening. "I don't-" She breaks off, and shakes her head.

"I don't..." Homura squeezes her eyes shut. "I don't understand Sayaka. Not this time."

"I..." you exhale. "She's the same person, the same as she's always been. The only thing that's different is that we've managed to give her a different impression this time. And yeah - I say *we*, because you played a part, too."

Homura sighs, eyes sliding off to the side. You're tempted to start explaining more about Sayaka, but you can see she has something on her mind, too, so you give her a moment to let her work it out.

"Don't drag Madoka into this," Homura says again, this time at nearly a whisper. "I- what about Mami?"

"Hm?" you ask.

"T-telling Madoka," Homura whispers. "Telling Mami. You don't want to tell her. It's the same."

It's not. It's not the same, not really. But here's Homura, trying to resolve things with an emotional appeal, an attempt to find common ground.

**\[] Homura
\- \[] How do you respond?
\[] Sayaka
\- \[X] Bring Sayaklone out for a Witch hunt
\-- \[] As per vote in abeyance
\-- \[] Something different?
\- \[] Discuss bringing Hitomi along for the evening training
\-- \[] Write-in?
\- \[] Witchbomb
\-- \[] With what approach?
\[] Rionna
\- \[] Contact Nadia about her
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X] Take Sayaka out hunting.
\-\[X] Be a good senpai and help Sayaka improve.
\-\[X] Ask her to use one Sayaka solely to watch (with sight powers?). Help point out dangers and mistakes.
\-\[X] Muse about getting her synergetic powers, like multitasking and boosting. Remind her to ask to copy Yuma's powers.
\-\[X] Keep an eye on how your control range in the real world changes as you move into and through the barrier.

\=====​

Ugh, updated later than I'd hoped, but here you go!
