# Point Insertion pt. 8

You...

It's not the same. The situation with you and Mami isn't the same as Homura and Madoka, but... You understand what Homura's trying to say. And you're kind of proud of Homura for even trying to make that argument. *Homura*, trying to make an *emotional appeal* to you.

And on second thoughts, you kind of agree with her. Maybe not in the same way, but you *do* agree with her.

"I get it," you say. "I get where you're coming from, Homura. And I *definitely* wouldn't ever tell Madoka without your explicit agreement."

Homura nods jerkily.

"I won't tell Madoka," you say quietly. "But there's one thing... I don't... I don't want to lie to my friends. I don't *like* lying to my friends."

You take a deep breath, letting your cheeks puff out as you exhale slowly, into the dead air of the timestop.

"I told Mami that I had a big secret, one I didn't want to tell her," you say. "I told her that much, and I asked her to... I guess I asked her to let me *keep* it a secret. If she'd demanded to know\... I don't know. But I told her that much. And-" You raise your free hand to placate Homura. "I'm not saying you *have* to or even *should* do the same. I don't really know where I'm going with this, but... yeah."

Homura's hand tightens on yours.

"I won't tell Madoka," you say, finally, and smile at her. "You're my friend, and I know what you think of that."

"And Sayaka?" she asks.

"I'm asking you," you say, and smile warmly at her. "If you think the risks are too high, then I won't. I think that she could help. She Wished to be *useful*, and her power lets her read *souls*. That's one of the few hard limitations my power has, and she can make artificial Soul Gems. I... don't think that's just a coincidence."

You tug Homura over to the bench as you talk, seating her down beside you. Somehow, the stone is still sun-warm beneath you.

"I don't know," Homura says, closing her eyes as if the admission hurt. "This is- all this- it's *new*."

"I get that," you say. "I know you haven't encountered something like this before, but... what do you think? I... for my part, I worry that Sayaka might not keep it to herself. She's the type who says what she thinks, though I'd definitely do my very best to impress how dangerous it could be if I told her. It's..." You bite your lip. "It's a definite risk."

"I wouldn't," Homura says. She looks away. "I wouldn't be able to convince her. She'd ruin things."

Homura falls silent, and when you open your mouth to say something, she shakes her head. Your jaw clacks shut with alacrity.

"You're not me," Homura says. "Maybe you could do it."

"I... get where you're coming from," you say. From her perspective, you probably have a bit of a track record of working miracles. Mami, Sayaka, even where you all are *now* with Madoka. A circle of friends and allies, all bound together by *friendship* and working *together*. "But I'm uncertain, myself."

You sigh, drumming the fingers of your free hand on the bench as you think. Miracles are your stock in trade, but it's not like you don't have your regrets. You worry so much about Mami, and you regret how you'd handled the reveal of Kyuubey and the nature of Soul Gems. You regret the times you've disappointed Homura, the stress you've caused her.

The time you slipped up with Walpurgisnacht, in front of Madoka. Homura's words still echo in your mind. *Do better, Sabrina.*

"I think Sayaka could handle it," you murmur. "Telling her about Witches and my goals would give *her* a clear goal, an *objective* to keep her grounded and focused. And it'd give her an enemy... a *villain* to oppose. Kyuubey. She does well with that kind of contextualization, right?"

Homura hesitates, before nodding.

"I don't understand her," Homura says, shaking her head. "She's loud. Annoying. She's *weak*, and she gets it *wrong*. It goes bad. It always goes bad with her. But she's not- she's *not* weak. Not this time."

"Yeah, I admit that's kind of weird," you say. "I've got some thoughts about why she actually has the *power* for all this this time round, but that's a discussion for another time, and... you don't mean her power, do you?"

You take her silence as agreement.

"But really," you say, and you can't help the smile that quirks your lips. "She's the same Miki Sayaka as you've always known,-" *Transfer Student* "-Homura. She just has some additional perspective on the nature of how things work in this world of ours. That's all she needed."

Homura nods once more.

"I don't know whether I'll tell her, still," you say. "I guess I'll figure it out."

She looks up, to meet your eyes. "Make sure she doesn't break," Homura whispers. "Make sure she doesn't tell Madoka. Or Mami."

"I will," you say. "I promise. I promised I'd do better, remember?"

Amethyst eyes hold yours, as if trying to weigh your words and intent, before flicking away.

"Now, may I hug you, Homura?" you ask, smiling.

She sighs, and nods. You pull her into a hug, squeezing firmly before letting go.

"Alright. I guess that's it from me, so... yeah," you say. "Ah... do you have anything you want to raise? Concerns?"

"You already know them." Homura shrugs fractionally. She swallows hard. "Thank you."

You smile at her, warm and encouraging. Not the same smile you reserve for Mami, but... this smile is for *Homura*. Your admiration and respect for her unyielding determination, your belief in her. You differ from her on many aspects, but her *will* isn't something you can dispute.

And maybe she sees something of that in your smile as she nods again, and shifts to crank her shield. It's a little awkward, since sh'es gripping your hand, but she manages.

Light and life and colour and sound floods back in, the joyful chatter of students reverberating through the school building beneath your feet. Homura steps back, detransforming.

"See you later, Homura," you say, waving.

"See you," she echoes quietly, and heads off back into the school.

You watch her retreating back for a moment, before turning. Sayaka had hopped off to a nearby building. It takes you just a second to form wings and take to the skies, heading in the same general direction she did and finding her perched on the edge of a roof.

You wave at her, hovering idly. She gets the idea quickly, and joins you in the air, delicate, shimmering wings setting her cape aflutter.

"Yo," she calls.

"Yo!" you say, grinning. "Come here much?"

"So what's on the menu today, Sabrina-*sempai*?" Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "Technically."

"Hey, what's that supposed to mean?" you ask, reaching out to poke her in the side. She bats your hand away.

"Nothing, nothing," she says, and sticks her tongue out at you.

"To answer your question, oh impertinent *kohai* of mine, we're going Witch hunting," you say. "As you know, because we already agreed on it before."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says. "So do we just fly around looking for one?"

"Pretty much, yeah," you say. "A spiral pattern works well. You know how to sense Witches, right?"

"Kiiinda?" Sayaka says, making a face. "Feels the same as your stuff, right?"

"... you're not wrong," you allow, and start drifting away, giving Sayaka an expectant look. She takes the hint, and follows.

"*Anyway,*" you continue by telepathy rather than shout over the wind. "*You could also use that eyesight power you got, see if you can spot a Witch? You *definitely* want to use it during the hunt - maybe make a clone dedicated to using it, then you can watch yourself for mistakes to correct?*"

"*Yeah, good idea,*" Sayaka says. "*Watching myself... I really wonder what kinda Wish that girl had.*"

"*Uh... you got it from Ueda Miyako in Ishinomaki, right?*" you say. "*I have no idea, honestly. You could ask next time we swing by, I guess?*"

Sayaka makes a non-committal noise.

"*Also, we need to get you synergetic powers,*" you say, banking on a thermal rising from the roads below. "*Like power boosting - I know there must be some out there. Or some kind of multitasking, so that you don't get headaches.*"

"*Actually, practice seems to improve the clones,*" Sayaka says, following as you spiral upwards. "*Or at least, the main me doesn't seem to be getting much of a headache. Of course, there's just one extra me right now.*"

"*But wouldn't you like to be able to bury your enemies in a pile of clones?*" you ask, tilting your head back to grin at her.

"*Do I *look* like an orange brat of a ninja to you?*" Sayaka asks.

You snicker cheerfully. "*Also, I need to get you to copy Yuma's powers,*" you say. "*Healing is good, healing is great.*"

"*Yeah... you know, I would've Wished for healing if you and Mami and Homura hadn't come along,*" Sayaka says.

"*How's things going with violin-boy, anyway?*" you ask.

"*He's- he's getting better!*" Sayaka says, and you glance back just in time to see her blush a little.

"*Mmm,*" you hum, and let the conversation lapse rather than poke about whether he's actually *noticed* Sayaka. See, you can do tact. On occasion.

"*Hey, Sabrina?*" Sayaka asks after a few moments.

"*Yep?*" you ask, raising your eyes from scanning the streets far below with your senses.

"*So... you and Homura have got a lot of secrets, right?*" Sayaka asks.

"*... you could say that, yeah,*" you say.

"*And I get the impression they're kind of dangerous secrets,*" Sayaka says, sounding like she's working through some thoughts as she speaks.

"*You're not wrong,*" you allow.

"*Anything I should know?*" she asks.

---

- [ ] Sayaka
  - [ ] How do you respond?
- [ ] Witch hunt
  - [ ] Vote in abeyance
  - [ ] Something to change?
- [ ] Nadia and Riona
  - [ ] Vote in abeyance
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Take Sayaka out hunting.
- [x] Be a good senpai and help Sayaka improve.
- [x] Ask her to use one Sayaka solely to watch (with sight powers?). Help point out dangers and mistakes.
- [x] Keep an eye on how your control range in the real world changes as you move into and through the barrier.
- [x] Nadia.
- [x] Ask about Riona, and her not informing you all of her arrival.

\=====​

Because Sayaka notices how you keep pulling Homura aside to discuss stuff, and how the both of you are frequently in accord about weird matters.
