# Point Insertion pt. 9

"*It's funny you should say that,*" you say, tilting your head to glance at her. "*Because I was thinking about that exact subject. You sure you don't have any mind reading powers?*"

"*Hah!*" Sayaka barks out a quiet laugh. "*Not yet. But, like, I've got eyes, you know? I keep seeing you pull Homura aside to talk about something secretly or something, and I know you two are always on the same page about some stuff. Mami too, but you're always on Mami's side. Er, one moment.*"

You watch as a bird -a crow- riding a thermal draws a parallel course to Sayaka and chirrups at her. Sayaka makes an odd noise back, and the crow drifts lazily away.

"*So Oriko and Kirika are still at their house,*" Sayaka says.

"*Honestly, they've been good, I think,*" you say. "*Let's land over there.*"

*There* is the top of an office building, bare but for a layer of flagstones with air-conditioning compressors protruding, and an access hatch. You coast to an easy landing, Sayaka right behind you. Her wings tuck themselves away under her cloak, dissolving into shimmering dust.

A touch of will folds Grief into two benches facing each other, one for you, and one for Sayaka. You wave her to one, and plunk yourself down.

"That serious, huh," Sayaka comments, raising her eyebrows at you.

"It is," you say, extending your Grief fog. You spread it a bit thin, but you can do enough to refract the light and fuzz out sound and *check* for pesky little aliens that might be lurking nearby.

Sayaka snorts, looking thoughtfully at the way the sun fractures, lensed through your Grief. "You're not even smiling."

"Yeah, well... I'd pull you into a privacy sphere for this talk, but I'm pretty sure that *this* you would just drop if I did that," you say, shrugging. "Clone and all, right?"

"So you're not telling me now?" Sayaka asks, making a face.

"Not now," you say. "But right now\... look. You're right. There is a big secret, and it's a *secret*. Most puella magi don't know it, and it's an infohazard. Almost every magical girl who learns it dies shortly after. I'm willing to tell you, and you deserve to know. But it's a *big* secret, and... You don't *need* to know it to be an amazing magical girl. It's not a nice secret, it's not useful in and of itself, it's just... *there*."

You hold up your hands, watching as the good-natured humour drains from Sayaka's face.

"I'm not telling you this to scare you off or anything, or to try and persuade you otherwise," you say. "I'm willing to tell you. But I'm also warning you that I am putting the power of life and death in your hands with this. I'm putting *Mami's* life in your hands, and I want you to make an informed decision about it."

"So she doesn't know," Sayaka says, expression grave and just as serious as you imagine yours is.

"No," you say, shaking your head. "I told her... something similar to what I'm telling you now. I told her I was still keeping a secret, and it's a nasty, *dangerous* secret. And I asked her if she wanted to know, because I don't *like* lying to my friends, and... she said no." You grimace. "I honestly don't know what I'd have done if she'd said yes, but here we are."

"Who else knows?" Sayaka asks.

"Homura, Niko, Nadia... a couple others," you say, deciding not to mention Oriko. "Niko gave Kazumi the same choice I gave Mami, that I'm giving you now. She chose not to know, too. We all reacted differently to it, but I'm not exaggerating when I say that knowing this has changed us. Will change *you*, how you see things."

"Jeeze," Sayaka says, puffing out her cheeks. "I... I can't talk about this, either. I'd have to keep it a secret from Madoka, from Mami, from Hitomi..."

"From most magical girls," you say, shaking your head. "It's a dangerous, *dangerous* secret, Sayaka. You can't just... *use* it, even in anger, or *anything*. I... You'll have Homura and me, but yeah. You can't talk about this."

"Jeeze," Sayaka says, scowling. "How am I supposed to decide?"

"You don't have to decide now," you say, shaking your head. "Take your time, Sayaka. It really kind of *is* a life-altering decision. I... confession time? Homura and I are both scared of telling you this much. Or telling *anyone* this much, but I talked it over with her, and I'm making you the offer."

"Agh," Sayaka complains, actually *pulling* on her hair. "Argh! How am I supposed to figure this out without knowing!"

"Urashimako," you agree. "Uh... am I remembering that one right? The fisherman spirited away by Otohime and him being curious and opening the box that contains his life?"

"Just say Pandora's Box," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "I know the phrase. No, wait, it was a jar, wasn't it? Or... I dunno, Eve and the forbidden fruit? Of course, that means you're the serpent." She sticks her tongue out at you.

You grin at her. "Yeah, well... just think about it, alright?"

"I will," Sayaka agrees, and makes a face. "This has done the opposite to setting my mind at ease."

"I'm sorry?" you say.

"Not your fault," Sayaka says. "Well it sorta is. Why couldn't you have kept the secret better?"

"Well, I'm *sorry* for being comfortable enough to be somewhat free and open and *honest* with my friends," you say, sticking your tongue out at her.

"Damn right you should be!" Sayaka says, shaking her fist at you. She hops to her feet, expression turning serious. "I'll think about it."

"But in the meantime, we have a job to do?" you say.

"Mmmhm!" Sayaka says, grinning. "Something to take my mind off it."

"Alrighty," you say, standing. The benches dissolve, Grief flaking into nothingness. "Let's go find us a Witch!"

Sayaka bounces on the balls of her feet, wings already shimmering into existence from beneath her cloak. She hops, the motion flowing oddly as her wings flutter. "C'mon, old lady!"

"Excuse you," you say, sniffing as you form your wings. "I'm... a year older than you. *Maybe* two, at *most*. Or maybe I'm fourteen years younger than you."

Sayaka wrinkles her nose. "What, the day we found you in the alleyway?" she shrugs.

You take to the skies, the wingbeats booming. "*Yeah, well, I have no idea, honestly,*" you say. "*Also, I'm curious - does this clone-you's Soul Gem actually reflect your main one?*"

"*Yeah, actually,*" Sayaka says, settling into a flight path just behind and to your side. "*The Grief is mirrored and everything.*"

"*Huh,*" you say. "*Remind me to find out later - can I cleanse your clone to cleanse your real self?*"

"*Ooh, good idea,*" Sayaka agrees.

After that, you settle into a companionable silence. Sayaka ranges further afield from you, the both of you looping a lazy spiral radiating out from Mitakihara Middle School. You start contemplating codeword classification for all your secrets as you search. Colour codes and all, starting from ultraviolet all the way through the spectrum to red. And appropriate modifiers, of course - if green is the level of the secrecy of magic, then you'd use perhaps Case DELTA GREEN for the *ongoing* preservation of the secrecy of magic. By Kyuubey, of course. Or maybe even something like Case LIME SLICE.

Mental tangent aside, it doesn't take you long to find a Witch.

"*There!*" Sayaka calls.

Sayaka's the first to spot it, wings tucking behind her as she dives. An apartment building, clean white and fairly modern-looking. You dart over to her, wings swept back as you follow her down into the little garden at the back.

"*Remember to check for civilians!*" you call. You've been a bit remiss in that yourself, but hey, a good sempai would remind her.

"*We're clear!*" Sayaka says, already coasting to a gentle landing. You let your wings melt away into Grief and drop right behind her, landing in an easy crouch and straightening on the soft grass. You eye the Witch Barrier, glowing in the space between the hedges.

"Alright," you say. "Make your clo-"

You cut yourself off as Sayaka steps aside, leaving another grinning Sayaka.

"Excellent," you say, smiling.

"Hey, I've got a memory too you know," the first Sayaka clone says, thumbing through her keychain of powers and tossing one at her clone. "Eyesight, to keep watch, right?"

"Yep," you say. "I'll protect this clone, so you can focus on observing?"

"Ah, yeah, that's a good idea," Sayaka -the first one- agrees. "Right, right."

"Means I get to take it easy!" Sayaka-two says, beaming. Sayaka-one smacks her upside the head.

"... how much individuality is there between you?" you say, raising an eyebrow.

Sayaka-one and -two shrug in unison. "We're all Sayaka."

"... OK, now make twenty clones and say that again when we meet new magical girls," you say. "Or maybe when we drop you off for training with Kyouko later."

"Yes, *sempai*," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. All four of them.

"Right. Shall we get started?" you say, waving at the Barrier.

"Yeah," Sayaka says. She makes no move towards the entrance, suddenly hesitant.

"Hmm?" you ask. "Something on your mind?"

"Besides the obvious?" Sayaka-one snorts, and rolls her eyes. "Yeah, actually... look, you know me, I guess. Do *you* think I can handle it? Not, like, the Witch hunt. I'm sure I can do that, and I've got you here and I'm a clone anyway, but... you know. The big secrets and all."

---

- [ ] How do you answer?
- [ ] During the fight...
- [ ] Hang back, let Sayaka strut her stuff
- [ ] Fight equally with her
- [x] Ask her to use one Sayaka solely to watch (with sight powers?). Help point out dangers and mistakes.
- [x] Keep an eye on how your control range in the real world changes as you move into and through the barrier.
- [ ] Afterwards...
- [x] Nadia.
  - [x] Ask about Riona, and her not informing you all of her arrival.
- [ ] Sayaka
  - [ ] Go over the fight with her
  - [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Someone else?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Sorry this update comes kind of late, but here we are, finally.
