# Point Insertion pt. 11

You laugh, and clap Sayaka on the back. You flex your Grief, letting it spread out over the area and sweep for threats as you relax, the intrusive *wrongness* of the Barrier ebbing from your mind.

"Well done, Sayaka," you say, beaming at her. "You did great, overall. I've got feedback and stuff, but first, cleansing? I wanna try and cleanse you by cleansing your clone - but you've got your Clear Seed, right?"

"Yep, yep," Sayaka says, bouncing on her toes. She pulls her Soul Gem off and holds it out to you, irrepressible grin stretching her face as she all but vibrates with excitement and adrenaline.

You can feel the echo of her Soul Gem, not quite real, but not quite fake, either. Grief... It's *there*, hovering tantalizingly within your grasp.

You reach out and pull. Grief starts to drift into the air.

"Ung," Sayaka mutters, going cross-eyed. "*Whoa*."

You stop immediately. "You OK?"

"Uh, yeah," Sayaka says. "Just feels *weird*. I can feel... *you*, I guess, kind of... pulling?"

"Er," you say. "Right."

"... I'll just use my Clear Seed for now, if that's OK?" Sayaka says, rolling her shoulders. "I mean... did it work?"

"Yeah, it did," you say, condensing the Grief before her eyes. Just enough for a slightly smaller than average marble. "But yeah, if it feels weird, I guess we can keep it for emergencies."

"Gotcha," she says, grinning at you as she reaffixes her Soul Gem. She flops down on the bare concrete floor, tucking her cape to a side. "So?"

You sit down next to her, folding your legs primly. You can feel the Grief ebbing from her Soul Gem, draining away - Sayaka using her Clear Seed back at school, then.

"So... what do *you* think?" you ask, smirking at her. "And before you accuse me of cheating, it's a legitimate way of mentoring someone! You ask someone to evaluate themselves, and in turn use that to inform your own feedback as well as identify weaknesses in their own awareness."

"Yeah, yeah, we had that management seminar thing at school too," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. She cups her elbow in her free hand, tapping her chin. "Hmm... I guess my biggest mistake was, uh, my vision clone."

"Speaking of which, here," you say, and deposit the power jewels on her lap. "But go on?"

"Ah, thanks!" Sayaka says. She pulls the keychain out, and starts replacing the jewel. "So, uh... I was supposed to watch out with that clone, but I got so engrossed in watching *below* I didn't notice when the Witch ambushed us from above. Well, uh, I didn't notice it *before* it ambushed us."

"Yeah," you agree. "I... don't have numbers to back me up, but I'm guessing that among magical girls who have even *some* experience, ambushes will be one of the biggest killers."

Sayaka fidgets with her ring of jewels, grimacing. "Eurgh. Right, er... I think I was being a bit wasteful?"

"No, not at all," you say, shaking your head. "It... well, if you *didn't* have my support -and you *have* a Clear Seed, regardless- it would be better to conserve magic, yes. But you Wished to help, right? So you're a part of the *team*, and in that context...?"

You trail off, and give her an expectant smile.

"It's a *good* thing to hit hard and fast?" Sayaka asks. "No matter how much magic I burn through?"

"The faster you end a fight, the fewer opportunities there are to make mistakes, yeah," you say. "And honestly, I'd honestly say you're getting to be remarkably skillful, considering how many powers you have and how little time you've had to practice with them."

"Oh, eh-heh," Sayaka turns a little red. "Thanks. I, uh... I've been giving it a lot of thought?"

You snort, and whack her gently on the head. "Pay attention in class, Sayaka, no daydreaming."

Sayaka pouts at you.

"Class is important," you say, and poke her in the side. "Before you say anything, *I'm* a weird corner case. You *know* what I mean."

"Fiiiiine," Sayaka grumps. "Uhh... I think I handled all the Familiars well. Lightning *worked*, even without the Pokemon jokes. I think it might be good for me to find some time to, uh, categorize my powers properly so I can decide which ones to use quickly?"

"Hmm... yeah, that's a good idea," you agree. "Just quick, rough categories, but don't lock yourself into one mode of thinking. And on the subject of powers, I... hm. I think swapping powers mid-fight will be a recurring problem. It's good to have the versatility when you're out as a clone, but if *I'm* not around and you can't afford the attention, it'd be too easy to lose powers."

"Ah... yeah, true," Sayaka says, the power jewels clinking in her hands. "Yeah. Definitely."

"With that in mind, it might be better to always leave them with your main self," you say. "And send out clones with a grabbag of powers instead. You have a Clear Seed, and in a pinch, I can cleanse you, so the drain shouldn't be too much of an issue as long as you can handle all the powers."

"I could send out clones with *different* powers," Sayaka says, brightening. "So... one clone with flight, invisibility, and eyesight, one clone with Miss Bennouna's unstoppable power and, uh, antimagic? That kind of thing?"

"Definitely a good idea," you agree. "Might be good for you to work out a slate of powers that work well in conjunction with each other."

"Yeah," Sayaka agrees. "That sounds like a lot of fun."

"Something to do, then," you say, and whack her on the head again. "No, stop thinking about them *now*. After class!"

"Dammit, Sabrina," Sayaka complains, rubbing her skull. "I can think with another brain!"

"... does that work?" you ask curiously.

"Kind of sort of," Sayaka says, wiggling her hand from side to side. "It's hard to describe."

You snort, leaning back and propping yourself on your hands. "I mean, when *I* make my chibis, *I* am still one mind with more than one body. *I* see through four sets of eyes, and have four hands and four legs that happen to not be in a single location."

"Magic is weird," Sayaka says, shrugging.

"Magic is such *bullshit*," you say cheerfully. "Also, speaking of chibis, you should absolutely copy them at some point. Just imagine dozens of little yous scampering all over the place."

"I'll think about it," Sayaka says, sniffing imperiously. "... I gotta ask, though... you mean copying using Kazumi's powers, right? Would I wind up making chibis of *you* or me?"

"You know, I have *no* idea, and that's why it should be tested" you say. You thrust one fist above your head. "For Science!"

Sayaka groans, and you snicker at her. The snickers turn into giggles as a pigeon drifts under the bridge, fluttering gently until it perches on her knee to coo at her.

"You know, pigeons are filthy," you say. "Birdseed?"

"Yeah, thanks," Sayaka says. "Also, clone, so *nyeh*."

"Anything to report?" you ask curiously as you retrieve a handful of birdseed from hammerspace and scatter it on Sayaka's legs.

"Nope," Sayaka says, giving you a pointed glare and brushing the seed off. The pigeon pecks at it, unconcerned with the antics of humans.

You laugh, and lean back on a cushioned backrest flash-formed out of Grief. "As you say, *nyeh*."

"Couple of fine delinquents we are, hanging out during school hours under a bridge," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes.

"Hey, *you're* in school, and I'm not, technically, *skipping* school," you say.

Sayaka rolls her eyes again, leaning back comfortably. You provide her a backrest, too, and the two of you fall comfortably silent.

You'll take the moment to contact Nadia. You've been meaning to do so for a while, anyway.

"*Nadia?*" you call. "*Good afternoon! Do you have a moment?*"

"*Certainly,*" the traveller responds in her thickly accented tones. "*What do you need?*"

"*So, I was wondering - I believe Riona Mag Aoidh is due in Mitakihara... if not today, then soon,*" you say. "*But she hasn't contacted Mami. Is this... normal?*"

Nadia is silent for a moment. "*It is... how do you say it, courteous protocol to warn magical girls when you travel,*" she responds at last. "*I have not heard of Riona travelling much. It does not mean she does not, but she is strong, *fimti*? She might not know. Do you know how she is arriving?*"

"*No,*" you admit, running a hand through your messy hair as you think. "*And I'm not absolutely sure she *is* arriving today, but I *assume* it will be by plane.*"

"*Then I would guess she will say when she touches down, *fimti*?*" Nadia says. "*It is not likely she will come to attack you. She is not the type.*"

"*Has she done anything with other Grief controllers before?*" you ask curiously.

"*Not that I am aware of,*" Nadia says.

"*Hrm. Gotcha, thanks,*" you say. "*Safe travels!*"

"*Thank you,*" Nadia says. "*Please, keep me updated. I am curious.*"

"*Can do!*" you say.

"*A good day to you, then,*" Nadia says, and signs off.

You hum quietly to yourself, considering that. Nothing really new, and Nadia even echoed Mami's suggestion that Riona might simply be lacking in social graces. You're getting every impression of a bit of a recluse, as far as magical girls go, but then again...

If her power deals with *Souls*, then she knows the darkest secrets of being a puella magi. It's not that surprising that she'd keep to herself.

"Whatcha thinking?" Sayaka asks.

"Of Riona Mag Aoidh," you tell her. "And why she hasn't contacted Mami."

"I'd put some birds on watch at the airport," Sayaka says. "But they're not good enough to recognise a new human they've never met before."

"Yeah, understandable," you say. "I'd ask you to put a few clones there, but I suspect you'd be bored out of your mind."

"Mmmhm," Sayaka agrees, and stirs, sitting up. "Anyway... I should probably get going now. Er, get back to class? Or, uh. You know what I mean. Dismiss this clone and stuff and focus on class again. Unless you've got anything for me to do?"

---

- [ ] Sayaka
  - [ ] Let her get back to class
  - [ ] Actually...
    - [ ] Write-in
- [ ] What now?
  - [ ] More science!
    - [ ] What?
  - [ ] Check in with...
    - [ ] Hiroko and Masami
    - [ ] Kyouko
    - [ ] Nadia
    - [ ] Someone else?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Kyouko.
  - [x] Telepathy. Check how she's doing.
- [x] If there's time, check those IRCs.

\=====​

Alright, somewhat back on posting schedule. Hopefully.
