# Point Insertion pt. 13

"*I...*" you say, and trail off. Where *did* this come from? Kyouko's still prickly and proud and, well, *her*, but now she's insisting she owes you. After *everything* she's said and done.

... also, if Mika said that *you're* footing her part in this, does she mean that in the literal monetary sense? Because while you can raid the yakuza for more money, you're not sure you can make off with a few million to close an estate deal.

"*No, actually- back it up, Kyouko,*" you cut her off before she says anything further. "*Slow down and explain what actually happened? Because *all* I told Miss Nakano was that she should *talk* to you. I *didn't* tell her to do anything, and she hasn't actually informed me of what she did for you.*"

Kyouko makes an inarticulate noise.

"*I *talked* to her, because you told me she was in the company that wanted to demolish my- church. I even played *nice*,*" Kyouko says, voice wavering with sharp irritation, bar that little hitch. "*She made lots of noise, and said she'd call me back.*"

"*Yeah?*" you say. About what you'd expected.

"*And then the next *fucking* day she comes back and tells me project's in 'unexpected re-evaluation mode' and nothing's gonna happen for the next three years 'til I figure out what I want?*" Kyouko snarls. "*What the hell am I supposed to *say* to that?*"

"*Thank you?*" you hazard.

"*... die,*" Kyouko says. "*Please and thank you.*"

"*Well,*" you say, trying to swallow your giggles. "*See? That wasn't so hard?*"

"*No, really,*" Kyouko says. "*Eat shit and die.*"

You laugh, leaning back on the bench. You get a couple odd looks from the passers-by, but it's fairly quiet here in the shopping center at this time of the day, anyway.

"*What do I... fuck, I don't know *what* to do,*" Kyouko says. "*I got time, I guess. And I owe you.*"

"*Honestly... look, don'tstabme, but I consider us friends,*" you say. "*I'm not gonna hold this over your head. And I... I really didn't do anything. I just put you in touch with Miss Nakano.*"

"*Bullshit,*" Kyouko says. "*Fine, fuck, we're friends, what the hell. Meddlesome *Westerners*. So what? I owe you anyway.*"

"*I... I can't stop you, if that's how you feel,*" you say, squishing the Grief in your hands together with a bit more force than necessary. "*But I really don't and won't hold it against you.*"

"*Fuck,*" Kyouko bites out. "*Fine. You're gonna talk to Nakano, right? If you're paying *her* back, then let me help with that.*"

"*That...*" You trail off. You were going to say that it wouldn't be necessary, but you can accept that. "*OK, fine. If she does want something from me for the help, then I'll let you know.*"

"*We're talking about it next time you're here,*" Kyouko snaps, and cuts the connection, metaphorically slamming the door.

... well, she's belligerently grateful. That's good, you think, and apparently Mika managed to pull off *something*. You should probably find out how, at some point. And what, if anything, you owe her.

You scowl thoughtfully at the enchanted Grief in your hands before refreshing it, and heading out to the library. Mika looked like she was older than you - late teens, *early* twenties at most. And she's *powerful*, powerful enough to take a Clear Seed without a second thought despite knowing the risks of being targeted.

She would seem to be something of a veteran, if you had to place her. Which means she *does* know how much the Clear Seed you gave her is *worth*.

Perhaps. Regardless, it's time to check out those IRCs Nadia mentioned.

You hand over a thousand yen note for some time at the computers, and seat yourself at one of the more out-of-the-way ones. Your hands hover over the keyboard for a moment before typing in one of the URLs Nadia mentioned. Apparently one of the ones based mostly in America, but with a couple other international members.

> \[14:47:01] \*\*\* Guest05591 sets mode -r on Guest05591
> \[14:47:01] \*\*\* Guest05591 joined #milesgloriosus
> \[14:47:01] \<EleseCanGoDie> fucking emolga
> \[14:47:03] \<Purranha> anyway I'm gonna go get a showe
> \[14:47:03] \<Purranha> oho
> \[14:47:04] \<Purranha> fresh meat!
> \[14:47:05] \*\*\* Guest05591 is now known as GriefBeGone
> \[14:47:05] \<Fireblade> Fresh meat!
> \[14:47:06] \<GriefBeGone> hello!
> \[14:47:06] \<EleseCanGoDie> fresh meat!
> \[14:47:06] \<Genesis> fresh meat!
> \[14:47:07] \<TomatoPotato> fresh meat!
> \[14:47:08] \<GriefBeGone> uhhhhh
> \[14:47:08] \<GriefBeGone> is this
> \[14:47:10] \<GriefBeGone> a bad time
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You can't help but snicker at the screen. For some reason, this feels oddly comfortable.

> \[14:47:12] \<Fireblade> No, no, not at all, come in.
> \[14:47:12] \<Purranha> we don't bite
> \[14:47:13] \<Purranha> maybe
> \[14:47:15] \<GriefBeGone> when you have a name like "Purranha"...
> \[14:47:18] \<Purranha> I said maybe
> \[14:47:18] \<Fireblade> So!
> \[14:47:20] \<Fireblade> Where are you from?
> \[14:47:24] \<GriefBeGone> Mitakihara City, in Japan!
> \[14:47:27] \<GriefBeGone> nadia bennouna gave me the channel IP
> \[14:47:28] \<Fireblade> .
> \[14:47:33] \<Genesis> she knows about this place?
> \[14:47:39] \<Fireblade> I told her about it months? years? ago!
> \[14:47:44] \<Fireblade> She never showed up.
> \[14:47:50] \<Fireblade> I thought she forgot about it.
> \[14:47:51] \<TomatoPotato> wait, Mitakihara?
> \[14:47:57] \<TomatoPotato> \*the\* Mitakihara?
> \[14:48:02] \<GriefBeGone> with Tomoe Mami, yes <3
> \[14:48:03] \<TomatoPotato> what
> \[14:48:03] \*\*\* WhiteRabbit joined #milesgloriosus
> \[14:48:04] \<Fireblade> what
> \[14:48:04] \<Genesis> what
> \[14:48:04] \<Purranha> what
> \[14:48:04] \<EleseCanGoDie> what
> \[14:48:05] \<EleseCanGoDie> brb
> \[14:48:07] \<GriefBeGone> what
> \[14:48:10] \<WhiteRabbit> what
> \[14:48:11] \<Fireblade> WhiteRabbit <3
> \[14:48:12] \<Genesis> fuck off
> \[14:48:15] \<WhiteRabbit> <3
> \[14:48:33] \<TomatoPotato> wellthe IP is correct
> \[14:48:36] \<WhiteRabbit> what are we whating about
> \[14:48:38] \<WhiteRabbit> oh, fresh meat!
> \[14:48:47] \<GriefBeGone> is that some kind of codeword
> \[14:48:52] \<Genesis> no it's just what you are
> \[14:48:55] \<Genesis> WhiteRabbit, fresh meat is from Mitakihara
> \[14:48:59] \<WhiteRabbit> oh
> \[14:49:00] \<WhiteRabbit> I see
> \[14:49:01] \<WhiteRabbit> what
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

Oh come on, it's not *that* unbelievable. You scowl at the screen, fingers resting on the keys without typing.

> \[14:49:05] \<Fireblade> ANYWAY
> \[14:49:07] \<Fireblade> MORE IMPORTANT MATTERS
> \[14:49:10] \<Fireblade> Fresh meat
> \[14:49:16] \<Fireblade> Opinion on mutant cabbits?
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

Ah. The *important* questions, indeed. You consider for a moment. You should probably answer honestly, here - it's probably something that they *check* for, in newcomers.

> \[14:49:29] \<GriefBeGone> cabbits are for punting
> \[14:49:38] \<Purranha> good answer
> \[14:49:40] \<TomatoPotato> have you considered smores
> \[14:49:51] \<Genesis> nadia confirms giving the IP to a girl from Mitakihara
> \[14:49:59] \<GriefBeGone> I have, actually, but I don't \*really\* want to eat the things
> \[14:50:03] \<TomatoPotato> smores or cabbits
> \[14:50:08] \<GriefBeGone> cabbits
> \[14:50:11] \<TomatoPotato> good, we can be friends
> \[14:50:12] \<Fireblade> Ok.
> \[14:50:14] \<Fireblade> Opinion on rings?
> \[14:50:19] \<GriefBeGone> protect with life
> \[14:50:27] \<Fireblade> Ok...
> \[14:50:32] \<Fireblade> Normally I'd ask about emotions
> \[14:50:33] \<Fireblade> but you've got that covered.
> \[14:50:36] \<Fireblade> So what brings you to our neck of the internets?
> \[14:50:49] \<EleseCanGoDie> back
> \[14:50:50] \<EleseCanGoDie> oh cool
> \[14:50:52] \<EleseCanGoDie> GriefBeGone, you're cool
> \[14:50:58] \<GriefBeGone> thanks?
> \[14:51:00] \<GriefBeGone> anyway
> \[14:51:07] \<GriefBeGone> I asked Nadia about how I could do outreach to international groups
> \[14:51:11] \<GriefBeGone> she gave me your IP
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

Among others, of course, but you're talking to *this* group right now. You hum quietly, thinking. You might as well go full in on this one, even if they're halfway across the world. Your eye flicks to the time, thoughtful - you'll need to get moving soon, too.

> \[14:51:14] \<GriefBeGone> you can ask Nadia to confirm this: my powers let me cleanse Soul Gems
> \[14:51:15] \<GriefBeGone> *genuinely* cleanse them, as opposed to moving the grief elsewhere
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

There's no response, and you check the connection, just to be sure. You wait a few minutes before reaching for the keyboard again.

> \[14:55:32] \<GriefBeGone> er
> \[14:55:32] \<GriefBeGone> hello?
> \[14:55:35] \<Genesis> sorry we're all having conniptions
> \[14:55:38] \<Genesis> also nadia confirms
> \[14:55:44] \<Purranha> what the fuck
> \[14:55:45] \<EleseCanGoDie> so
> \[14:55:51] \<EleseCanGoDie> you coming to america anytime soon?
> \[14:55:55] \<GriefBeGone> I got \*extremely\* lucky with my powers.
> \[14:56:07] \<EleseCanGoDie> you did but are you coming to america anytime soon
> \[14:56:14] \<GriefBeGone> I... don't know. I haven't planned that far ahead yet
> \[14:56:22] \<TomatoPotato> You said you were doing outreach?
> \[14:56:25] \<GriefBeGone> yeah
> \[14:56:27] \<GriefBeGone> I'm trying to just get in touch with groups, see if there are crises going on, that kind of thing
> \[14:56:28] \<GriefBeGone> speaking of
> \[14:56:35] \<GriefBeGone> \*are\* you guys desperately in need?
> \[14:56:59] \<Genesis> I'm not, but I'm not in the same group
> \[14:57:03] \<TomatoPotato> not \*really\* in need
> \[14:57:11] \<EleseCanGoDie> but how much would it cost to get you out here anyway
> \[14:57:13] \<EleseCanGoDie> we can pay
> \[14:57:53] \<GriefBeGone> I take it that's a "not \*necessary\* but highly desired"
> \[14:58:04] \<EleseCanGoDie> pmuch
> \[14:58:23] \<GriefBeGone> alright
> \[14:58:24] \<GriefBeGone> I should go
> \[14:58:29] \<GriefBeGone> unless there's anything important?
> \[14:58:31] \<EleseCanGoDie> cya
> \[14:58:35] \<Purranha> you gonna be back?
> \[14:58:35] \<TomatoPotato> later
> \[14:58:41] \<GriefBeGone> sorry to cut this so short
> \[14:58:42] \<GriefBeGone> yeah definitely
> \[14:58:44] \<GriefBeGone> not quite sure when though
> \[14:58:44] \<GriefBeGone> oh
> \[14:58:49] \<GriefBeGone> quick question
> \[14:58:52] \<GriefBeGone> how many members does this server have? outreach you know
> \[14:59:17] \<Purranha> 16 17?
> \[14:59:17] \<TomatoPotato> 17
> \[14:59:18] \<Purranha> something like that
> \[14:59:19] \<Purranha> yeah that
> \[14:59:25] \<GriefBeGone> ok, thanks
> \[14:59:25] \<GriefBeGone> later!
> \[14:59:30] \*\*\* You have disconnected from #milesgloriosus
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You nod to yourself as you shut the computer down, glancing at the time again. Time to head to Mitakihara Middle School - school's ending soon, which means it's time to meet Mami. And everyone else, of course.

You leave the library, smiling politely at the librarian before ducking into an alleyway and taking to the skies. You soar high above the city, smiling at the glittering towers of glass and steel as you loop past them, arrowing for the gothic arches and spires of Mitakihara Middle School.

You coast to a smooth landing in the nearby park, and walk up to the gate. The truancy officer nods at you, and motions you closer.

"It's not really my place to ask, but is she doing better?" he asks, eyebrows beetling together.

"Yeah," you say. There's no one else he could be referring to.

"Thank you for taking care of her," the man says, bowing politely. Apparently satisfied, he steps back to his post without waiting for a response from you.

Huh.

You don't have long to wait before the schoolbell rings, and the building shakes with the sounds of thousands of students standing at the same time. You bounce on your toes, a smile spreading across your face.

Mami *isn't* the first one out today. Of your friends, anyway, that goes to Madoka, Sayaka, Homura, and Hitomi, all emerging from the school in one big group.

"And this is where I leave you," Hitomi says with a smile. "See you tomorrow, Madoka, Sayaka, Homura. It's good to see you, Sabrina, but I really *should* attend my club meetings."

"Ah, see you!" you say as Hitomi turns and hurries back into school. "Hey, everyone."

"... where's Mami?" Madoka asks. Sayaka waves at you, irrepressibly cheerful.

"Coming," you say. You turn to the main door of the school, warm smile on your face - just as Mami bursts through the doors at as close to a dead sprint as she can manage with all the people milling about.

She crashes into your arms, and you sweep her into a tight, tight hug, lifting her off her feet.

"I'm- sorry I'm late," she whispers into your shoulder.

"You're not," you say, burying your nose in her hair. You hug her close, letting her regain her equilibrium.

She takes a moment, before pulling back and giving you a wobbly smile. "H-hi."

"Hi," you say, beaming at her.

She smiles back, and opens her mouth as if to say something before closing it and burrowing into your hug once more. "What are we doing today?"

"Good question," you say. "I... am honestly not sure! Lemme think about it?"

"Alright," she mumbles against you.

"Ah..." Madoka wobbles back and forth, eyes flicking towards the school. "I might go back to club as well?"

---

- [ ] Sayaka
  - [ ] Accompany her to training with Kyouko
    - [ ] Anything to bring up?
  - [ ] Let her go herself
    - [ ] Let Kyouko know you won't be heading over today
    - [ ] Ask Yuma to spy for you
  - [ ] Dump the birdseed on her
~~-- - [ ] Literally~~
- [ ] Mami
  - [ ] Ask about the surprise
  - [x] Hugs
- [ ] Mami, Madoka, Homura
  - [ ] *Do* you have any plans?
    - [ ] Rionna
      - [ ] Airport watch?
      - [ ] Ask Nadia for an introduction?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

I gotta say, writing the IRC segment was way too fun. Also, I'm hoping to update again by my Sunday.
