# Point Insertion pt. 15

You flick a glance at the bedroom door -still closed- and give it a bit of thought. "*Yeah, actually - if you have a moment?*"

"*Yep,*" Mika says. "*Probably gonna escape the meeting and go hunting before I go mad from boredom soon, so hit me.*"

"*Right, so... Mitakihara is due to get hit by Walpurgisnacht,*" you say. "*I assume you know what it is?*"

"*Mitakihara's that nice city down the coast, right?*" Mika says. "*Company's got some decent investments there.*"

... she's messing with you, right?

"*I... meant Walpurgisnacht, but yes, it's a very nice city,*" you say. "*I live here, with Mami.*"

"*I see, I see,*" Mika says, her tone the very picture of polite interest.

... yeah, she's messing with you.

"*So, yeah,*" you say. "*We're intending to fight, of course, and I'm going to try to minimize damage. But... it's Walpurgisnacht. We're probably still going to need some major reconstruction afterwards. I don't suppose you know anyone who might be in the business?*"

"*I might know a few people,*" Mika says thoughtfully. "*I could... drop a few words in some ears.*"

"*Ah... yeah, that'd be great,*" you say, picking your words carefully. "*Like, lay the groundwork for post-disaster reconstruction and such? And, well, actually, I'm kind of interested in getting some reasonable adults in the know? I don't wanna encroach on your turf, but I'd like some kind of income through, uh... legitimate, positive work?*"

"*Are you asking for an internship?*" Mika asks, sounding faintly amused. "*I can get you one -yay, nepotism!- but I dunno if it's what you're after. Pay ain't exactly great.*"

"*No, no, I mean... with Grief manipulation, I can do some *serious* heavy lifting and, uh, general force application,*" you explain. The bedroom door cracks open, Mami emerging. You meet her halfway, sweeping her into a hug. "*If there are adults actually in the know, then I'd be happy to work with them to help actually build things with magic when the time comes.*"

"*Oooh,*" Mika says. "*Yeah I gotcha. I mean I've run some errands for dad before, but if you wanna get into large scale work... yeah, I can ask for you.*"

"*Errands?*" you ask. So her father knows. You beam at Mami, giving her one last squeeze before releasing her and heading to the bedroom so *you* can change.

"*Hey, gotta get that pocket money when you're a kid,*" Mika says. Her voice turns sheepish. "*'course, that was... yeah, well. When I say 'kid' I was like fifteen, and I actually really wanted a... you know what, never mind. It's kind of silly now that I say it out loud.*"

"*... right,*" you say. "*But yeah, that would be appreciated.*"

"*Dad might wanna interview you maybe?*" Mika says thoughtfully.

"*I wouldn't expect anything less,*" you say. "*I mean, I'm not gonna ask him to trust it on principle.*"

"*Mmmh!*" Mika says. "*Yeah, I'll ask him. And see if I can drop some hints about Mitakihara.*"

"*Very much appreciated, Miss Nakano,*" you say as you pull a shirt on.

"*I'll be in touch!*" Mika says, and signs off.

You huff, checking yourself in the mirror before heading out. Dear Madokami, but Mika is *helpful*. Well connected and willing to simply toss these things in as... practically as *afterthoughts*.

"Hey," you call, beaming at Mami. You make a beeline straight for the sofa and throw yourself over the back of it, legs dangling in the air and face mashed into the seat.

Mami giggles, relaxing slowly. She lifts your head up and inserts a pillow before letting your head return to flopping.

"Mmmmrg," you mumble into the fabric. Mami laughs fondly, and you feel her fingers on your head, carding gently through your hair. "Mmmnm."

You butt your head against Mami's hand. As much as you can while upside down over the sofa, anyway. Eventually, though, it gets uncomfortable enough that you let yourself slither forward, off the sofa and onto the ground before you pick yourself up again.

Mami giggles as you sit down properly and cuddle closer to her.

"Thank you for the necklace, Mami," you murmur. "It's beautiful, and I'll treasure it."

"It's- it's nothing," Mami says, a little hitch in her voice. "I didn't even complete it..."

You reach up to tap her gently on the nose. "Mami, I love it. I really, really do. Please accept my appreciation?"

"I... alright," Mami says. "Thank you, Sabrina."

"Nuh-uh," you say. "I'm thanking *you*."

Mami huffs, but subsides. You wrap your arms around her waist, head still tucked against her shoulder. Slowly, her hand rises, toying first with your hair, then with your ears. You sigh happily, snuggling closer.

"So what enchantment did you have in mind, Mami?" you murmur.

"Is... is it alright if I keep it a secret for now?" Mami says, shifting. Her fingers still in your hair, and you imagine she's biting her lip. "I... haven't fully worked it out yet."

"Of course," you say, tightening your hug a little. "I'm sorry I ruined the surprise."

"It's alright," Mami says, her fingers pick up their motion again. It feels nice.

"Mmm," you say. "I... hey, Mami? I just realised... I don't actually know when your birthday is. I... *think* it's June the fifth, but I'm not sure."

"It is," Mami says. "From your... ah."

"Yeah," you say, tilting your head back to smile at Mami. From your *knowledge*, but it's something to be kept a secret from possible prying ears. "June fifth."

"Is... is there a reason you ask, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"Well, I *definitely* have to get you something special for it," you say, settling back against Mami. "But it's also something I should know, right?"

"I..." Mami trails off. "Thank you, Sabrina."

"Always," you say, and butt your head gently against her hand. Mami obligingly goes back to running her fingers through your hair.

"Did you want to work on the enchantment?" you murmur after a few minutes of contented silence.

"I think so," Mami says. "It... doesn't feel right, leaving it incomplete."

"OK, then," you say, raising your hand to remove the necklace, only to be stopped by Mami's gentle touch.

"Not on the necklace," Mami says, shaking her head. "I'll experiment on something else before finalizing it with your necklace."

"Ah, that's good thinking," you say, beaming up at Mami. "I'm sure you'd be able to get it right quickly, though."

"I don't want to risk it," Mami says firmly. "And it's a... tricky idea, anyway, I've never tried it before."

"Alright. Let me know if I can help?" you say.

"You definitely can," Mami says. "Can you help me get the rocks out of my bag?"

"Hmm?" you say, and pout at Mami. "That's not what I meant."

Mami giggles, leaning her cheek against the top of your head. "I know, but... let me do this for you?"

"Alright," you say. "Of course, Mami. But let *me* try something?"

You glance at her bag, on the shelf at the opposite end of the room, and let your cloud of Grief infiltrate it. You find the rocks, smooth river rocks she must have picked up at some point, and you wrap them up in Grief. A thought pops them *away*, into that otherworldly storage space, and a small effort of will brings them over to you.

"Hold your hand out, Mami?" you say.

She smiles at you, cupping her hands in front of her, and you drop the rocks right into her palms - and one more, the one you've been carrying with you all day. Mami laughs, setting them down on the sofa seat beside her.

"You used the pocket trick, right?" Mami asks.

"Yeah," you say, grinning at Mami. "Figured I could."

"I know what you're thinking," Mami says, tapping your nose. "It doesn't work."

"What doesn't?" you ask, smiling innocently at her.

"Teleporting yourself by putting yourself into the pocket," Mami says.

"... dangit," you say, huffing. "You got me."

"I had the same thought too," Mami says. She takes your hand, fingers gliding gently over your knuckles and stopping on your Soul Gem ring. "This becomes an anchor. You can't bring your Soul Gem with you, and... the pocket is *very* unpleasant to be in. And, um, I had no way to move in the real world, with just my Soul Gem, but that's different for you."

You laugh and beam at Mami. "I should have known you'd already know better than I do about this kind of thing," you say. "At the very least, I would guess I can streamline travel by reducing the surface area exposed to air, so that's nice. And probably get into smaller areas. Do you think your ribbons can connect to my, ah, pocket?"

"No," Mami says, shaking her head. Her smile turns a little melancholy. "I've tried it - you can't connect to other people's pockets."

"Alright," you say, and cuddle a little closer to Mami. "Thank you."

"Mm," Mami says, her hand tightening in your hair. You rest your hand over hers, squeezing gently, and let her recover. She stirs, eventually, picking up one of the rocks while giving you a tentative, worried look. You smile back at her, reaching across to grab one for yourself.

Mami relaxes, her smile becoming more natural.

"What kind of enchantments do you think would be most helpful to carry around?" you ask, rolling the rock thoughtfully between your palms.

"What do you mean?" Mami asks.

"Well... I was thinking I could maybe have some kind of arsenal of enchantments I could keep with me," you say. "Stuff that would be useful all the time? I'm not very good at enchanting, but I think I can use the Grief enchantment aid I figured out a while ago."

Mami purses her lips, considering. The flow and twisting of magic between her fingers stills as she thinks it over.

"I'm... not sure," Mami admits, finally. "Your Grief can achieve essentially any effect, correct?"

"Yeah, but at the cost of feeling Witchy," you say. "Magical girls can feel it, and I've noticed that it can throw experienced magical girls like you or Homura off."

Mami shakes her head, smiling at you. "That's true, but... I'm getting used to it," she says. "I recognize your... flavour of Grief, I suppose."

You return the smile.

"And for other magical girls..." she says. "It takes a while for you to form your Grief constructs, so you have time to warn your allies. And, um, unless you make *pure* enchantments, they'd be noticeable anyway. The only scenarios in which having an arsenal of enchantments might be useful is in an extreme emergency, or maybe if you're trying to conceal the full extent of what you can do?"

"Hmm..." you say. "That makes sense. Or... well, one more is if I'm meeting new magical girls and want to stay absolutely innocuous."

"Sabrina, you are the furthest thing from innocuous," Mami says, giving you a fond smile.

"Touché," you say cheerfully. "So, nothing *too* useful, apart from maybe non-range limited effects."

Mami nods in agreement, and you return to considering the rock between your palms, the silence companionable as you work on your own projects. Really, if there's no really easy enchantment you can think of that would be helpful to carry around on a day-to-day basis, then you want to go back to trying to figure out an artificial Grief Seed.

The biggest obstacle of which is that you *don't* actually know how to enchant something to hold Grief. But then, you have a *manipulation* enchantment. There *has* to be something related, right?

You frown at the rock in your hand. Can you make an enchantment that *controls* something *else*?

It turns out that the answer is yes. Half an hour later, you manage to get a rock shard levitating another in a simple figure-of-eight. Mami claps, beaming at you when you show it to her.

The question then is Grief, but that's something you have to leave for another time, because it's time to cook.

"Shall we?" you ask Mami, reluctantly disentangling yourself and standing. "Did you get anywhere with the enchantment you're working on, by the way?"

"Ah... yes, somewhat," Mami says, hiding the rock behind her back. "I'll show you when it's done?"

You laugh, and offer Mami your hand. "Of course," you say as she takes your hand and lets you pull her to her feet.

It's time to *cook*, and then it's time for your guests!

**\[] Dinner
\- \[] How do you present yourself?
\- \[] What conversational goals do you want to hit?
\-- \[] You're not going to force them to do anything
\--- \[] Elaborate! They're going to want to stay busy.
\-- \[] Walpurgisnacht
\-- \[] What they can do around Mitakihara
\- \[] Privacy sphere talks?
\[] Kyouko, Sayaka, Yuma
\- \[] Check in...
\-- \[] With who?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X] Dinner
\-\[X] Be you. Debunk any notions about you making them do anything. Unlike most meguca, you are in a position to provide basic needs -- safety, sustenance, shelter -- to people lacking them without suffering anything for it.
\-\[X] Inform them of Walpurgisnacht. Make it clear that you will absolutely not demand that they fight it.

\=====​

Apologies for ending this here - I'd *meant* to actually get to the dinner, but after a bunch of delays in writing, well... If I don't end it here I wouldn't be posting tonight, so here we are.
