# Point Insertion pt. 17

You blink, pulling back mentally. You can't help but replay the way the conversation went, the way their expressions just fell when you brought up Witches, and the way they've been waiting for a shoe to drop this entire evening.

... no. This is not how you should do things.

You flip both your hands up, palms out.

"I... hold on," you say, squeezing your eyes shut and pressing the fingers of your free hand against them. "Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito, I'm sorry. I don't mean to make it an obligation, and I... I realise that I was unconsciously framing things rather callously. I don't want to take advantage of an unfair situation, so..."

You blow out a hard breath. Mami squeezes your hand, under the table.

"Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito, you are under *no* obligation to help," you say, meeting their eyes in turn. Both of them look more than a little confused. "I just... I just want to emphasize that. I'm looking for volunteers, and I don't want a decision because I led you into it or something."

Noriko exchanges a look with Akemi before turning back to you. "Ah... Miss Sabrina, you seem to have the impression we're..." she says, trailing off. Her gaze skitters about as she searches for a word. "That we're phobic of Witches?"

"What? No!" you protest, blinking. "I mean... I assume you don't, uh... you don't particularly *relish* encountering them, though."

"We don't," Noriko concedes. "But we're not afraid of them. We wouldn't have survived very long... after, if we didn't hunt."

"I believe you, and I'm not trying to insinuate otherwise," you say, holding your hands up. "But, I... look, I'm making a mess of this. I don't want to make it a point of pride or anything, and I don't want to pressure you into it, and everything we've provided, and *will* provide, is free and will remain so, and I just want to make sure that you genuinely want to do this - you're still recovering and settling in, and the help is nice but *absolutely* not necessary, and-"

Mami's fingers touch your wrist, and your mouth clacks shut. You're babbling. She gives you a warm, reassuring smile, and you force yourself to relax.

Akemi's lips tug upwards into a wry smirk. "It's nice to know you're as bad as we are about dealing with this."

*That* startles a giggle out of Noriko. You stare at them, and then you groan, covering your eyes.

"There goes all my cred for being suave and in-control," you grumble.

Mami takes your hand, patting it with her free one. "Did you ever have any, Sabrina?"

You shoot her a betrayed look, and she giggles.

"Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito, what we're trying to say is that we truly wish you to live well," Mami says. "We want you to take all the time you need to deal with your demons."

"We... I, I..." Akemi sighs, words failing her as she tries to speak. Her shoulders slump, and she shakes her head.

"I don't think we're ever going to... leave it behind," Noriko picks up the conversation. "And we are *very* grateful for the opportunity you've given us, Miss Sabrina."

"You're very welcome," you say.

"I..." Noriko exchanges a look with Akemi. "If it's OK with you, I think... maybe in a few days? We'd like to settle in and get used to the city. As... as you told us before, if we run into any Witches, we'll tell you, but I don't think we want to go out *looking* for them, right now?"

"That's more than fine," you say, smiling. Your hand seeks Mami's, under the table, and you interlace your fingers. Mami smiles at you.

"And, um... you mentioned roommates," Akemi pipes up. "That's fine."

"OK," you say, nodding. "I'll let you know as and when it becomes necessary, and I won't force them on you either." You exhale slowly, and smile. "One last heavy thing, and then I think I'm out of serious discussion for the night?"

"Yes?" Akemi says.

"Alright, so..." you fumble in your pocket, reaching awkwardly across your body because you don't really want to let go of Mami's hand. You pull out Hildegarde's Seed. "So... this is a Clear Seed. It's what happens when I empty a Grief Seed of *all* its Grief, and it can last a long, *long* time. Would you like one? Free, of course, though, uh... I'll need a regular Grief Seed to convert."

"I-" Akemi's eyes go wide. "Yes, please-"

"Akemi!" Noriko says.

"Free," you repeat with gentle emphasis. "I'm sorry, I can't give you the ones I have, they're currently, uh, experiments. And, um, mostly no-strings-attached. The only things I demand are that you don't abuse these, and that you *help* magical girls you come across if it should come to that. No using unlimited magic to attack other magical girls, not that I think you would, and if someone new pops up and needs help..."

"Pay it forward," Akemi says, nodding. "I can get behind that idea." Her gaze flicks over to Noriko's, holding the other girl's gaze for a moment, before Noriko nods slowly.

"What else should we know about them?" Noriko asks.

"You *have* to keep regular Seeds and Clear ones physically separate," you say, putting Hildegarde away. "Otherwise the regular one will suck any Grief from the Clear Seed out, and respawn the Witch. And these have only existed for a week or so, so I'm still monitoring them for long term stability."

"Ah," Noriko says. "I... we can deal with that."

You grin faintly. "Hey, if it makes you feel better about testing what are technically prototypes, *I've* got the oldest Clear Seeds in existence. If there's any problems, I'll notice it first."

"No, really, we can deal with that," Noriko says. "Right, Akemi?"

"Right!" Akemi says, smirking. Just a little. "Good luck and all."

"... hey, while we're on that subject, I'm curious - Miss Saito, can you enchant, ah, good luck charms?" you ask.

"I... yes," Akemi says, expression falling. "Not good enough, but... yes."

"Oh. I'm sorry," you say. Their third teammate had one, it seems. You can't say you sense any enchanted objects on Noriko, though.

"We'll be happy to accept a Clear Seed, Miss Sabrina," Noriko says. "Um..."

"I've got it," Akemi says. She fumbles around in her pockets, and withdraws a Grief Seed. The *only* Grief Seed they have with them.

"I'll be just a few moments," you say, taking it gently. "In the meantime, ah... I've just realised you don't know all the magical girls in Mitakihara."

"We haven't met all of you?" Akemi asks.

"Not quite," you say, and start explaining about Oriko and Kirika and everyone, really, as you start drawing Grief forth from the Seed. Just little descriptions, quick power rundowns. You *don't* mention that Oriko and Kirika were once your enemies, and are still under house arrest. You *almost* mention the Animators, but...

Not with Mami right beside you, smiling as she offers comments. Maybe later, or maybe by telepathy. Besides, they mostly keep to themselves.

"A power copier?" Noriko asks, eyes fixed to the forming Clear Seed in your hand.

"Yeah," you say. "Actually, ah... you don't have to agree, of course, but it would be good if she could copy your powers sometime? I mean, again, you don't *have* to, but between you and me, I'm trying to turn her into magical girl Batman, a power for every situation."

Mami shakes her head, giving you a fond, exasperated smile.

"I... suppose?" Noriko says, exchanging a look with Akemi. "I'm not sure how much use my power would be, but I'm fine with that?"

"Um, same," Akemi says.

You beam at them as the last dregs of Grief slow to a trickle. "Alright! And here you are."

You present them with the Clear Seed. Akemi's the first to try it, snatching the Seed from your hand and tapping it to her Soul Gem. She watches with awed eyes as the Grief drains away, and immediately offers it to Noriko.

"Thank you," Akemi whispers to you. "Thank you, Miss Sabrina."

You smile, squeezing Mami's hand as you lean back and watch the disbelief and raw *joy* mingle on Akemi and Noriko's faces. Mami smiles at *you*, leaning against your side.

"Can- can we have a moment?" Noriko asks, already half-rising from the chair. "This is- this is a lot to take in."

"Of course," Mami says, squeezing your hand.

"Take all the time you need," you add, smiling. The words are barely out of your mouth when they stand, and hurry off to the living room.

You beam at Mami. "You've been quiet."

"This is *your* work," Mami says, smiling softly at you. You shuffle your chair over so you can hug her properly. "I didn't want to step on your toes."

"And I don't want you to feel marginalized," you say.

"I didn't," Mami says firmly. "I- I enjoy watching you speak, Sabrina. You have such *conviction*."

You smile, and hug her, twisted oddly on the chair to wrap your arms around her. Eventually, though, you have to let go, and by wordless agreement, you starting cleaning up the dishes.

You're side by side with Mami, and up to your elbows in soapy water -you're cheating with Grief to help, of course, but it's oddly soothing to wash some by hand- when a new voice intrudes in your head.

"*Hello, is this Sabrina?*" The new voice is sharp despite the rounded consonants of English spoken with a distinctly *Irish* accent. "*Where are you? I will come to you.*"

... finally.

**\[] Rionna
\- \[] How do you react?
\- \[] What do you tell the Shiogama girls?
\- \[] Hook Mami into the conversation
\-- \[] Or Homura
\-- \[] Or Sayaka
\-- \[] Or Oriko
\-- \[] Or Kirika
\-- \[] Some combination of the above?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Ugh. I'm very sorry - this seems to be becoming a bit of a habit, but here we are again: Update cut off at a slightly odd point because I got distracted during the day, and I want to update today. I *did* genuinely intend to cover more of the enchantment stuff this update, and I'm sorry about that.

Spoiler: Cut off vote

\[X] Call Nagisa. Check how she's doing, and try to set up another visit.
\[X] Make a Grief Enchantment Enhancer; use it to try making Speckled Enchantments:
-\[X] Perception: Sense enhancers (Grief, magical, normal), lie detector.
-\[X] Defense: Against projectiles, extreme light and sound, mental and soul magics, harmful effects in general.
-\[X] Utility: Toggleable privacy field, ability enhancers (combat, multitasking, control, magic).
\[X] Test successful Speckled Enchantments for witchy feeling, duration, and effectiveness. Drop those with marginal value.
