# Point Insertion pt. 20

You hug Mami gently one last time, before stepping towards Riona, on the bed. You drag your chair with you in one hand, the privacy device in the other, and you settle Grief around Mami's shoulders in a ghostly hug.

Because it's a privacy device, something that interdicts *every* kind of external monitoring... everything, but for *you* yourself. It makes no sense, but then again, *magic*. A little less about *physics* and more about how much you can convince reality to let things slide.

You activate it, the world around you hazing to a muted, blurry grey. The sensation of *Witch* closes all around you, bubbling from the construct sitting on the bed, and you exhale. You feel Mami stiffen, through the Grief, but you tighten your remote hug around her gently. You haven't left her, and you *won't* leave her.

Rionna flinches. The first real negative reaction you've seen from her, and you're almost glad for it.

"Finally," Rionna snaps, stiffening and turning her eyes on you.

You let the rudeness roll off you. But if she wants to be *rude*, then you don't need to be *polite*.

"Yes," you say. "I care very, *very* deeply about the happiness and wellbeing of Mami and the rest of my friends. She has chosen to *not* know about certain facts that terrify many magical girls."

"Yerra, sure, protective o' your girl," Rionna says. "So tell me."

"*Do* you know what I mean when I refer to those facts?" you ask. You meet her eyes, and at the same time, you *look* within her Soul Gem.

*Irkalla*.

Rionna slaps irritably at the bed, crossing her legs. "*Yes*, I know," she snaps. "Where Witches come from and what our Soul Gems are. Be hard for me to *not* know. Why d'ye *think* I came here? It surely wasn't for your acquaintance."

"Alright, then," you say. "That makes things easier. I woke up half-dead in an alleyway with zero knowledge of my past before that. Nothing *personal*, but I knew about the magical girl system, as well as all sorts of random knowledge and *specific* knowledge. Kyuubey found me."

"And?" Rionna says, leaning forward.

"One of the things it told me was that my Soul was strange," you say. "I can't see my own Soul, so I don't know exactly how. But it's mentioned my potential and my experiences don't match up."

"And you don't remember any of those experiences," Rionna says, distractedly twirling a lock of hair around her finger. "Jesus, Mary and *Joseph*, that's a bit of a dose innit. Go on."

"I've got a few questions for you," you say, and hold her gaze again. "If you don't mind."

"Tch," Rionna says. She breaks the eye contact, taking a pull from her flask. "Ask."

"One. What do you think of Kyuubey?" you ask, leaning back on the chair and watching her.

"Desperate, dodgy dosser," Rionna says, letting the flask drop to the bed. "Have you already forgotten?" She taps her Soul Gem with the index finger of her other hand.

"... desperate?" you ask, blinking. That's not an adjective you'd have associated with the little white rat.

"Means 'bad' for the rest of you," Rionna says, sniffing. "Very bad. Next question."

"Ah," you say, tucking that persistently flyaway lock of hair of yours behind your ear. Honestly, you don't know whether you should *trust* Rionna with your secrets, speculative or otherwise. "What... no, well. *Why* did you come here? What do you want from me?"

And honestly, what *would* you tell her? As you'd told her: you have ideas. Do you want to share the notion that you might have been a Witch, *de*-Witched into human form? That you might have been Walpurgisnacht, the city-ending Witch, or *Gretchen*, the *universe* ending Witch? Or that you might have been straight-up *created* by a Wish? That you might have been sent back in time to undo the future?

"I want what *everyone* wants," Rionna says, and fixes an unblinking gaze on you. "I *see* people's Souls. I *know* what happens. I want what *you* have."

"Sure," you say. You can believe that. "You left your city behind and flew halfway across the world on a... *rumour* of my existence?"

"Not the first time," Rionna says. "Besides, my city is safe."

"Actually," you say. "A... side question, if you don't mind."

Rionna sighs, taking another long pull from her flask. "Yerra, y' can't help me at all, can you? Y' can't exactly *give* me your magic, I doubt you're willing to give me your Soul, and I wager I'd have a fight on m' hands if I tried to take it."

... yeah, because *that's* reassuring.

"Leaving that *entirely unsettling* statement aside for now until I process it," you say. "How *did* you hear about me?"

Rionna shrugs, squinting at the inside of her flask. "Been in Tokyo before, know a couple o' girls there."

"Huh," you say. You lean forward a little and prop your chin on a fist, your elbow resting on your knee. "After another Grief-cleanser?"

"Fake," Rionna says with a shrug. "Made an example out of her."

"Were you going to make an example out of *me*, if I were a fake?" you ask, narrowing your eyes.

"Pr'bably," Rionna says, shrugging again. She gives her flask a faintly mournful look before taking another swig from it. "Y'know what I mean by fake?"

"That they can only transfer Grief, not actually cleanse it," you say.

"So you know what that does," Rionna says. "'s deserved."

---

- [x] Ongoing: Keep in contact with Mami via Grief
- [ ] Response for:
  - [ ] Soul stealing?
  - [ ] Making an example?
- [ ] Do you consider her trustworthy enough to proceed with the explanations?
  - [ ] Vote in abeyance
  - [ ] If not, then what?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Ask what she sees in you (with her powers).
- [x] If her motives make sense and she seems good and honest:
- [x] Share hypothesis about being created by magic.
  - [x] Wholly.
  - [x] As part of a larger concept.
    - [x] Share how many times you coincidentally were able to help someone in the nick of time.
  - [x] By de-Witching.
    - [x] Explain Witch names, Witch runes, the name in your Ring.

---​

Shorter update today, breaking early for a decision.
