# Point Insertion pt. 21

You eye Rionna for a moment, looking past her to the hazy walls of the privacy bubble. Mami's still outside, and you tighten the Grief around her shoulders for a second. She relaxes a little, and you can feel her smile as she pats the Grief gently.

You swallow a brief bubble of panic as you remember: *Nephthys* is *Hijiri's* Witch name. The implications are horrific and endless, but-

No, Rionna's Witch name is *Irkalla*. It's always been *Irkalla*, you're not sure why you thought it was Nephthys. Thankfully it was only a *brief* moment of panic. She doesn't even seem to have noticed.

But then...

*Deserved*, she says.

"OK, you know what?" you say, sitting up straight in your chair and holding up both hands. "No, I can't leave it at that. What *do* you mean with the Soul stealing and making examples thing? I'm... I can't fault your actions past, but I'd like to know."

"Judge all y' want," Rionna says, shrugging. She caps her flask and sets it aside. "What's done is done is done. I can take Souls. Magical girl, normal people. Leaves 'em brain-dead, and..." She straightens and holds a hand out to the side, as if to take someone's hand.

Nothing happens.

"So your field blocks my magic out, too," she says, frowning. She looks faintly disturbed.

Well that's good, because *that makes two of you*.

Eeesh.

*Eeesh*.

"I control their Souls as shades, allowing me to use their powers," she says, and smiles, razor sharp and satisfied. "Don't worry, I only do it to those who would deserve it. As for makin' examples... there's a shade or two here and there who're obliged to give warnings, now and always."

She *lobotomizes* people -or *worse*- and uses their *Souls* as *puppets*. As slaves.

You want to work with her. Heck, she's even *reasonable* for the most part, if lacking in social graces. But *this*... You had thought you could let it slide. Ask her to do better in the future, offer her an alternative and ask her to work with you towards de-Witching.

But this...

"... are they *aware*?" you ask, swallowing revulsion.

"I'unno," Rionna says with a shrug. "They can think and problemsolve, suchlike. But not really aware. 's more like they're asleep and sleep-walking under my control."

She gives you a look. Your expression is neutral - you *know* it is, but perhaps she gleans something from that anyway.

"Ach," she says, waving a careless hand at you. "Don't *worry* about it. It's not good people I do it to. Most of them are already murderers by the time I get to 'em, so they are. Last one had her and her posse livin' high on the backs of a good couple score Witches and all."

---

- [ ] How do you react?
- [ ] Continue vote in abeyance: Stay neutral, don't judge her. Give your spiel.
- [ ] Disagree with her actions
  - [ ] How?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Talk about Clear Seeds. Explain that you're distributing them to groups you trust, as a stopgap measure. Show Hildegarde and Aurora.
- [x] Share your observations, explain your procedures. Ask Riona for her professional opinion.
- [x] Explain the need for a more moral solution, and your hopes for, eventually, after much study, de-Witching. Ask for her help.
- [x] If she brings it up again: Share your theory of being created by magic: The unusual state of your soul, and having personal amnesia... but significant knowledge of the magical girl system, enough to know to make your wish.
- [x] Ask what Riona's powers see in you.

\=====​

OoC retcon of Nephthys to Irkalla for Rionna's Witch name. I made a mistake and forgot I'd already used it, so move along, nothing to see here.

Also, I'm cutting this update extra short this time in case you want to react to this. I will *try* to update quicker, but I anticipate being pretty busy in the lab the next few days, so we'll see.
