# Point Insertion pt. 22

That's *kind of horrifying*. She claims she only does that to bad people, but the sheer dismissive unconcern she demonstrates is *worrying*. And she *did* say her powers work on non-magical people. The implications are... unambiguous and chilling to the core.

And they think. They *think* and *problem-solve* and she says they're not aware?

Thoughts race through your mind, crystal chains sparkling through the dark.

*Madokami*, but you-

She's so *callous* about it. Not even flippant, simply callous and dismissive- *don't worry about it*, she says. If that's the attitude she treats the entire thing with, how can you possibly trust that she *did* only use her powers on 'bad' people? She used it on *non-magical people*.

*Governments* don't treat the death penalty as lightly as she does, let alone *Soul-lobotomies*.

Do you take her down? It's not going to be an *easy* thing to do. She takes people's *Souls*. Can you afford *not* to do something right here, right now? You could-

You could grab her Gem. She can't summon her shades inside the sphere, so *keep* her here. Eject her body. She could still act as a Gem, perhaps the most likely of *any* magical girl you've ever met to be able to do so. Get Mami to summon Homura, because timestop should answer any problems until you can *contain* her.

And- she has shades guarding her territory. That's what she implied. Can you assume they're not on dead man's switches? You'll need to figure out *how* to handle that. Kirika's antimagic, maybe. You'd have to convince Homura perhaps, or-

You can't negotiate with her if you open hostilities, but you don't-

She *rips people's Souls* out and *enslaves* them. You can't work with someone who does that, but you don't-

You want to be *sure*. You want to be absolutely *sure* before you pull the trigger.

Madoka Wished that everything could be fixed. You can't work with her as is, but perhaps you can't condemn her either. Not yet.

You'll hear her out, at least.

You exhale slowly, forcing your heart to slow even as Rionna's lips twitch into a faint smile.

"Y' don't like that, do you?" she says. "Not too many do."

"I..." you wet your lips. "I appreciate you being frank and upfront. I'll try and do the same - and, uh, if I'm monologuing, feel free to interrupt me at anytime?"

Rionna shrugs, eyeing you and uncapping her flask to take another swig.

"I want to create a better world," you say quietly, looking down at your hands. "Your previous actions might have been necessary at the time. I don't..."

Second chances.

"You *don't* judge me," Rionna says. "Y' have no *right* to."

Doesn't she deserve a second chance too? For all the things she's done, she's trapped in this system, too. She's done *monstrous* things. But anything you *enable* is on *your* hands, if only by letting her walk away.

"I... look," you say, grimacing. "I want magical girls to work *together*. I *know* things right now aren't ideal, but working together, with mutual support - I want there to be *justice*. Justice, protection, equity, accountability for magical girls so we don't all have to *struggle*."

And- *second chances*. You're reminded of Oriko's resignation to her death, and yet she'd still expected to *meet* you afterwards.

... as a shade, perhaps?

It's nothing but speculation, but it would line up. And it would line up with Oriko's later prediction that she'd be killed by a blonde, green-eyed magical girl, when Rionna is blonde and green-eyed.

Oriko warned you off bringing up Rionna's sister. You can only speculate that her sister *died*, and Rionna Wished to bring her back.

Rionna takes another sip from her flask, watching you silently.

"The thing is, I can cleanse Soul Gems and Grief Seeds," you say. "I can even *empty* Grief Seeds out to become Clear Seeds, like this." You dig Hildegarde from your pocket, holding it out for her to see.

Rionna reaches for the Clear Seed, but you shake your head, pulling it back with what you hope is an apologetic smile.

"I... I'm sorry," you say. "I don't know you."

"Mm," Rionna says. "And you do not have trust in me. Understandable. You want me to not do what I do."

"Well..." you say.

"No," Rionna says. "I cannot."

"Cannot, or will not?" you ask, bristling. "Because I've got some ideas-"

"Cannot and *will* not," Rionna says. She drains her flask, tipping her head back for the last drops, and sets it aside. "You do not trust me. I don't trust you."

"You can stay around, and we can-" you start, only to be cut off.

"Is that all of ye, or just yourself?" Rionna asks, rolling her eyes. "I'm to stay a day and flying back home."

"Ah. Pre-booked tickets?" you say. "But what do you mean by cannot and will not? I mean, I *know* things can't happen instantly, but I really *do* have ideas."

"I hold on to the shades, or they fade away," Rionna says, folding her arms. "I've spent years building my collection. It's what I *have* to use to secure my city."

"I-" She cuts you off again, leaning forward.

"*Whisht*," Rionna snaps, and smirks. It's not a nice smirk. "I rip people's Souls out, screaming and kicking. It's not pretty and it's not nice. Who knows, maybe I've done it to some 'good people'. Wouldn't know for sure, I wouldn't. But here's how it is: You don't tell me how to do things, and I don't finish a fight neither of us want."

---

- [ ] How do you react?
- [ ] Ask about the shades
- [ ] The kind of people she's attacked
- [ ] Is she sure they're sub-sapient?
- [ ] Try and somehow convince her to release the shades
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

In which Rionna short-circuits most of Onmur's giant vote.
