# Point Insertion pt. 24

"You're right. I don't want this fight, and neither do you," you say, exhaling slowly. *One* of you is overconfident. You're just not sure which. "So let's set that aside, and agree that I'm not trying to provoke you into a fight - and that *you're* not trying to provoke *me* into a fight."

"Mm," Rionna says, non-committal.

"*But*," you say. "I'm starting to think I want to help you with this. Why *can't* I?"

You don't like her, and you still don't trust her. You're not sure you ever will, given what she's said and done - and what she's *said* she's done. You're nowhere *near* happy with her about her lobotomized *slaves*. She's done morally reprehensible things, and you're not going to put up with it.

But you're almost certain... no. Something's *up*. And you want to find out *what* it is, before making a decision. You don't have to fight her. You can talk. You can talk as long as you like, and you have Mami and Homura and Sayaka moments away if things should come to a fight.

Mami right outside your privacy bubble, leaning against your Grief with her eyes closed.

You don't want to *fight* her, but you don't want to let her go, either. Anything she does *after* this is on you.

She keeps insisting on it *not* being a fight. Why?

There is *something* you're not privy to. You're pretty sure you hit a nerve - Edinburgh. You got a *reaction* out of her from that, and she went back to her... hostility display.

She came here wanting... *what*? She took one look at you and decided you didn't have whatever it was she wanted, or needed. And she commented that she wouldn't take your Soul against your will.

Is she provoking you, so she could claim self-defense?

Perhaps, but you doubt it. She doesn't seem the type.

What does she want? When you asked her... she said she wants what *everyone* wants. And something that everyone's tried. Which certainly seems to suggest Grief cleansing, but she showed little interest in your Clear Seed. That's... confusing.

"D'you wanna give me your Soul?" Rionna says, with a rough snort. "No? You can't help me."

"Is that my only option?" you ask, raising your eyebrows. "Not to put too fine a point on it, my power has turned out to be a *lot* more versatile than my Wish would imply. I don't know what your problem is, but you don't know what I can do, either."

Something flickers across Rionna's face. Discomfort, maybe.

"Yes," she says.

You lean forward a little, drumming your fingers against your thigh and propping your chin with your other hand as you watch her.

She studies you in turn, irritated and sour. And yet she hasn't left your privacy bubble yet. Of course, it could be that she simply assumes she *can't* until you dismiss it, which wouldn't be an unreasonable assumption for someone who hasn't experienced it before. But then, neither has she even *asked*.

So, definitely something in Edinburgh itself - something she can't or isn't willing to move. And yet...

She displayed *little* interest in the Clear Seed, not none. She clearly doesn't have a problem *sustaining* herself, considering she's managed it for this long. Holding a city by herself would do that. Something in the city that she can't or *won't* move, coupled with Oriko's warning about her sister.

You can't help but wonder if her sister might have turned into a Witch. And she holds Edinburgh, chasing away outside magical girls and building herself a fearsome reputation - because she refuses to let her sister's Witch be killed. It would certainly fit the paranoia, that she'd spend Grief defending her city even when she's not there.

"You know, I wouldn't put any preconditions on trying to help," you say, stomach flipping. It's not *quite* a lie. You don't like her or what she's done at all, but... Everything can be fixed. You have to at least try.

"Liar," Rionna says, completely without rancor. "Y' despise what I've done, and you want me to stop."

**\[] Answer her accusation
\[] Bring up de-Witching
\[] Ask her what she's talking about
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Just an FYI, I made a post about Soul Gem capacities [here](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-5730#post-11151053).
