# Point Insertion pt. 25

Your patience is just about at its end. Just about, but not *quite*.

What does she expect? Sure, you absolutely despise what she's done. What *does* she expect? You can't really imagine that she's so bad with people as to not realise that declaring she Soul-lobotomies people and enslaves said Souls isn't something that engenders trust or goodwill in any way, shape, or form. And...

What *did* she expect? You can't help but come back to that. She flew here from Edinburgh, and she must have wanted something out of this. You have... trouble reading her, but she was rude and abrasive from the very first moment she laid eyes on you. But she can *read* your Soul, and perhaps she was disappointed from that very first moment.

She wanted... she *doesn't* want cleansing from you. She *does* want the *ability* to cleanse Soul Gems, or perhaps something adjacent to that. It's why she comes back to her taking your Soul, and maybe, just *maybe*, that's why she doesn't want it to come to a fight.

That feels right. It feels *right*.

But-

*Why*?

She doesn't want your help, even freely offered without strings. She wants *your powers* for herself, or to develop her own. Is it just a trust issue? Some weird lone wolf mentality? Or something she wants to *do* with that ability?

No, you know what? Your patience *is* just about reaching its end. You have a drop more to spare, and perhaps a bit more. You exhale, letting yourself wrap Grief around Mami's shoulders for another gentle hug that's not quite as good as the real thing but will suffice for now, and she-

She's alert, you can tell that much. She leans into the hug, warm golden eyes fluttering, but you can feel the set of her shoulders as she pretends to focus on the enchantment in her hands. And you can see how her gaze flickers subtly over the room, taking it all in with a sharp eye. And then there's a faint hum of her magic, her ribbons winding so slowly through the room you wouldn't notice that there were there if you didn't know exactly what to look for.

Alright.

"Yeah, I hate what you've done," you admit, and almost smile. It feels oddly good to get that out, even though you have to speak quickly to get your words in before Rionna says anything. "*But* I figure that you won't have to do it any more if you'd let me help you."

Or even if she doesn't, one way or another.

Rionna opens her mouth, and it's *your* turn to cut her off.

"What *are* you doing, anyway, that you're so sure I can't help?" you ask.

"It doesn't concern you," Rionna says dismissively.

"I thought you might say that, really," you say thoughtfully, meeting her eyes. "So... well, I know you're trying to work out renewable cleansing with all the Grief controller's shades. You said as much, and... hm. I think you're working on de-Witching in some capacity, or at the very least you've dabbled in it."

"It *doesn't concern you*," Rionna snaps.

"I mean, if those are your goals, then frankly, you're shooting yourself in the foot trying to work alone," you say, folding your arms. "I mean, you said it yourself - everyone's tried it. More specifically, *I* am trying it, both of them. They're both high on my priority list."

"And that'd be bleeding fantastic, once that were what I was doing," Rionna snorts, and looks away. "I've tried those things, so I have, and I *want* those things."

She cocks her head, staring at you. Almost staring *through* you. "Are ye not... no. You don't want to *fight* me, but you does be wanting me to *stop*."

"I... yeah," you say, shrugging. "I *don't* like what you're doing."

She reaches for her flask again, half-uncapping it before apparently remembering that it's empty and setting it down.

"And you're gonna keep me here, keep me talking, until I spill my guts?" she muses. "Probably smart of you."

She looks thoughtfully at you.

"No," she says. "I'm not giving up what I have."

---

- [ ] How do you respond?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

As I mentioned in an earlier post - this is the only update I'll be putting up this week. It's been a hectic week and a packed weekend, so... Should be back to the normal rate next week, though!
