# Point Insertion pt. 26

You stare at her for a moment, and then close your eyes. Kyuubey's called you a good actress before. *Accused* you of it, really, wielding it as a *weapon* against you, when it's the biggest liar you've ever known. You suppress a snort, dragging a hand down your face.

No. You're conflicted, and she might be reading your Soul. You're not really sure about that.

You exhale, and let your expression flatten out.

But you don't need to give her anything *more* than that, conflicted or not.

More than conflicted, really, but one thought stands out.

She *might* be holding on to her sister's shade. That's really the biggest thing you can see that might be driving her. And if she is... well, really, there are all kinds of *nasty* implications there, aren't there? But more importantly for you right now, Oriko warned you about bringing up Rionna's sister, which means you have to work *around* that issue.

You're still working on the premise that you want to see if you can rehabilitate her. Madoka Wished that everything could be *fixed*, and you're going to trust to that, despite your frustration and your bafflement.

Your eyes drift to Mami for a second, the way she's ever so slightly tense in her seat. She doesn't *show* any of it, still picking away casually at the enchantment, but you can feel that wire-taut *alertness*.

You turn your eyes back to Rionna.

"I... look. Rionna, I don't want to *take* things away from you," you say. "I want to provide you, and *everyone*, with the means of having..." You search for a word. "Having more *humane* ways to live."

"I live well enough," Rionna says, glancing about in seeming irritation. You watch the way her eyes track down to where your interdiction bubble intersects with the bedsheet, and then across to Mami, and then you.

The back of your neck prickles. You can't help it, but you don't let it show.

"Would you really keep Souls trapped if it became unnecessary?" you ask, raising your eyebrows. *Are* you that kind of person? "By your *own* judgement, not because I tell you that it's unnecessary?"

"Won't happen," Rionna says, and shrugs. "*Can't* happen. *You* can't make it happen."

"I mean, sure, I can't make it happen if you don't tell me what's wrong?" you say. "I mean, *yeah*. You won't even let me speculate about it, let alone try. I don't know *why* you do the things you do - is free, unlimited cleansing that uninteresting to you? I can feel the drain on your Soul Gem, you know."

You can't help but feel quietly irritated with Nadia, too. She'd led you to think that Rionna was an OK person. Grumpy, sure, from what you'd gathered, but you hadn't expected... *this*.

Then again, you have to wonder whether Nadia ever tried *pushing* Rionna. You doubt it. She probably visited in Edinburgh, in Rionna's seat of power, and didn't make waves. Polite, passive, just passing through. Would she ever have *noticed* this? She didn't know about Rionna travelling to meet you, and was *surprised* to hear that she *would* be.

Nadia travels all over the *world*. The apparent one-or-two-day raids of Rionna might not even have registered for her.

"I live comfortably enough," Rionna says again, scowling. "Yerra, I don't want your help."

"Yes, you said that, but that's like..." Metaphor fails you. "You live comfortably enough, but wouldn't you *rather* not have to work so hard? Wouldn't you rather not to have to enslave the Souls of others to live well? Wouldn't you rather... I don't know, I don't *know* what you want. Here. *Look*."

You grope in your pocket and jerk Aurora out. "*This* is a Clear Seed I've been trying to de-Witch. Is there anything at *all* interesting here? I've gotten *somewhere* with it, I think."

"Or I don't *know*. Are you maintaining some shades for personal reasons or something?" You keep Aurora up, in case she *deigns* to look at it. She doesn't, instead looking *past* it and at *you*. "That's something I'd respect. Fuck, I'd *help* if you wanted to revive them or something. What do you *want*, Rionna?"

"I want to be left alone," Rionna bites out.

"You wanted something," you say, raising an eyebrow and putting Aurora away. "You came *here*, and you were interested in my powers. And other Grief controllers, apparently. Listen - Rionna. You stop false Grief controllers, and that's *admirable*. I disagree with your methods, but no, it's a good thing. I know that most wind up monsters, and *that's* my problem. *Most*. You just... Are you trying to paint yourself a villain here? I don't *understand*, Rionna. Help me out here."

Rionna watches you, stone-faced once more.

You flatten your palms against your thighs, thinking. She *baffles* you, as much as she annoys you. She came down here for *something*. But *what*? Just to investigate another Grief controller? She wants your Soul for *something*.

One step back. What would she have Wished for? To bring someone back from the dead? Something of the sort, probably. And so, what is she *protecting*? A person? A shade? What would Grief control have to do with that?

A *Witch*? And yet she's completely uninterested in de-Witching. Not a Witch, then. A shade... but a *special* shade. Her sister, then, but... wouldn't a Wish have brought them back, *alive*? Maybe it didn't, not *properly*. And maybe... what if her sister had been a Grief controller, hence the fixation? Would that match up?

Or maybe her sister *died* to a Grief controller, turning it into a lifelong vendetta? It *does* seem to be the kind of thing Kyuubey would encourage. But then, how does that match up with her statement about wanting what everyone does?

"You don't get it. I'm not interested in working with anyone," Rionna says, snorting. She looks up at you. "I just want y' to let me go."

You open your mouth to speak, but she barrels on. "You want to know? I *raised my sister's killer*," she snarls. "I hate her. I *hate* her. I want *justice*, I want my sister *back*, but I *cannae*. *I* can't bring her back. *You* can't."

She raises a hand and *twists* it, and you feel the magic surging, but- nothing. Rionna's scowl deepens. Outside your interdiction bubble, Mami stiffens ever so slightly, alert and tense.

"Now," Rionna says. Power, *magic* infuses her voice, infusing it with odd *harmonics* that sing and *push* against you, against your Soul. "*Let me go*."

And the magic-

Simply slides right off you, rainwater sleeting off an umbrella.

Rionna glares at you, expression tight and... *annoyed*. Not angry. Not scared. *Annoyance*.

**

- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

So here's another clarification on my position: Rionna has done reprehensible things. Case in point. What I take issue is disputing whether or not these things can be *excused*. You could, perhaps, try and redeem her, but that's the thing - *redemption* implies *contrition* on her part. Not simply waving it off as "it's not so bad" or "so-and-so are just as bad". And I'm not trying to be some absolute arbiter of justice here. I'm saying that *for the sake of the thread*, I'm not interested in having those arguments in this thread.

And again, let me apologise. I'd meant to update this long ago, but things just kept coming up. Hopefully, I'm back in the saddle again, and good to update on a more regular pace.

Be kind to each other.
