# Point Insertion pt. 29

"That... is a long story," you say, sighing. Mami shifts so that you can lean against her properly.

You hesitate for a second, and then slump fully against Mami, snuggling closer. Slowly, gently, she starts running her fingers through your hair, rubbing gently against your scalp. You savour the touch, pressing close to Mami to remind yourself that... it's *done*, it's all over.

"It turns out Rionna was... something of a monster," you say quietly. "A Soul mage who used her powers to *take* the Souls of others and *use* them as her slaves. She went after Grief controllers... from what I gather, because a Grief controller killed her sister."

You shut your eyes, massaging your brows with your free hand.

"What was that about, anyway?" you ask, glancing at Oriko. "You warned me not to bring up her sister, but she brought her up anyway."

"I... I have mentioned. I lost much of my visions, with my powers, but..." Oriko frowns sharply. "You said it yourself - she attacked Grief controllers, after one killed her sister. Had *you*, Sabrina, yourself a Grief controller, brought her sister up, she would have attacked you, there and then. It would have been a close fight, at best."

"... hm," you say, frowning. "I suppose that makes sense. I..." You sigh. "I'm not really upset with you, Oriko, but... you could have given me a clearer warning."

Oriko chuckles faintly. "I suppose I deserve that," she says, and sighs. "I admit, with the... recent epiphanies, I find myself questioning my past actions."

"Would've been nice if you had that change of heart *before* you attacked *me*," Sayaka mutters darkly.

Oriko opens her mouth, and Kirika firmly shuts it, pushing her jaw up with a click. The seer slumps, looking faintly annoyed.

"Anyway," you say. "So... the conversation devolved fairly quickly, from rude to... somewhat hostile. She was *extremely* defensive about me not getting to judge her and such, and at the end, she tried to... mind control me, I think. She did *something*, and it didn't work, and we took her down."

You sigh, and snuggle against Mami, idly running your hand through *her* hair. You coil one of her hair drills around your finger, smiling at her before letting it go. Mami giggles faintly.

Kirika gives you a *look*, and lowers the enchantment for a second to squirm onto Oriko's lap to cuddle her before returning to work.

... you don't have anything to prove, but you *do* snuggle a little closer to Mami. It's not like you need an *excuse* to do that, anyway, not with the day you've had. Mami smiles at you, curling her arm around your waist and nestling her cheek against the top of your head.

"I see," Oriko says, and sighs, closing her eyes. "I suppose it would have been nice to have an *answer* about my... powers, but I'm... content. Things could be better, of course."

Homura stiffens, her glare somehow sharpening.

"I don't mean any harm, Miss Akemi," Oriko murmurs. "I know you may not believe me, but I truly do not."

Sayaka snorts, not looking at them and instead focusing on the Soul Gem still cupped in her palm, antimagic strobing slowly.

You rub your forehead, sighing again. "So that's where we are now," you say. "I... I've been debating with myself what I should *do* with her."

Sayaka rolls her eyes. "This again?"

"I don't want to *just* put her in jail," you say. "And I *refuse* to turn into the kind of person who might, who might leave someone in a permanent magical coma. I'm not that kind of person, and that's not the kind of world I want to create."

"Yeah," Sayaka says, and shrugs. "So don't."

"Set down a hard deadline or criteria for yourself and adhere to it," Oriko says, shrugging delicately. "It's a common enough technique, and if I may speak for all of us - I think everyone here would be glad to keep you on track for that."

*That* earns her a glare from Homura.

"It seems like a good way to keep things in check, Sabrina," Mami says with a warm smile. "What conditions would you want to have on Rionna's... revival?"

"I... When we have psychiatric care that can actually *help* her. Is... is that OK?" you bite your lip, looking around at your friends. "I don't want to make it an indefinite thing, and I want to *help* her."

"Why not stick her with Airi?" Sayaka asks.

"I don't... well, I thought about it," you admit. "It's something I wanted to ask you guys. With her powers, she'd be difficult to secure, though I'm sure that Miss Tsuruya would be able to secure her appropriately. But I worry that... given Rionna's issues, it might not be good to let her be imprisoned and unable to do anything. If anything, she might just get worse in the meantime."

Mami nods firmly. "I don't think anyone could fault you for preferring to keep her as a Soul Gem for now. You don't intend it to be a permanent solution, after all."

"And it's not a punishment," Oriko murmurs. "That's important."

"Yeah..." Sayaka says, giving Oriko a glare. "I mean, it's not like you're doing it when there's a better option available."

"I..." you make a face. "I'm just... worried."

"Of being a tyrant or something?" Sayaka asks. "Psht, yeah, right. *You*?"

"We're here," Homura says, folding her hands on her lap.

Mami nods firmly, smiling. "There's no way it could happen, Sabrina," she says. "You're a good person, and... Homura's right. We can keep you on the straight and narrow."

You exhale slowly, and beam at your friends. "Thanks, everyone."

"Aaaand... done!" Kirika proclaims, thrusting the tiny steel band into the air. "Catch!"

She flips the enchanted ring at you. You nearly fumble the catch, too deep in your mutual cuddlepile with Mami to stir easily, but you *just* manage it. The greasy feel of antimagic slides over your fingers - not directed at *you*, but it's still not exactly the greatest sensation in the world.

"Sayaka?" you say, leaning forward to hand it to her.

"Yeah, thanks," she says, grabbing the ring and slipping it over Rionna's Soul Gem, relaxing with a happy sigh as she finally lets up on the antimagic pulses. "Ahh."

You stare at the Soul Gem as Sayaka sets it down on the table. Rionna mag Aoidh.

You'll be honest with yourself: You're taking it on yourself to keep her in what amounts to a magically-induced coma. You think it was the right thing to do, and you have the support of your friends, and you intend to *help* her when you have the facilities to: but you *are* keeping her under lock and key.

It's your responsibility.

"Oi." Kirika pokes you in the side. "Stop thinking thoughts. Your oujo is right there and she's been worried about you the entire time, pay attention to her."

"I..." you close your eyes and take a breath, giving Kirika a quick grin. "Yeah, you're right. Thanks." You turn an adoring smile on Mami for a moment, who blushes slightly.

"Thank you, everyone," you say, straightening and meeting everyone's eyes in turn. "Homura, Sayaka, Oriko, Kirika, and Mami - thank you all. Without your help, this could have gone so very badly, and... thank you for your advice. This situation has been a *mess* for me, and I'm grateful for your help."

Mami hugs you closer, pulling back just far enough that you can see her warm smile as she speaks. "You're welcome, Sabrina. I'm glad you're feeling better."

"Ahh, don't worry about it," Sayaka says, waving it off. "Least we could do."

"I'm glad to help," Homura murmurs quietly, violet eyes holding yours for a second.

"Indeed," Oriko says. "I apologise that my earlier warnings were not very specific."

Kirika grins at you. "You're welcome."

You grin back at her for a moment and stand, turning to offer Mami a hand up. She accepts it with a grateful smile, letting you pull her to her feet, and you release her to grab Rionna from the table.

"We won't intrude longer," you tell Oriko as Sayaka and Homura also stand, the former stretching and cracking her neck. "Again, thank you for all this."

"We'll see you out," Oriko says.

And so they do, following you down the corridor as you head out.

You pause at the threshold, turning to glance at Kirika.

"... has it ever occurred to you that we're basically opposites?" you say. "I mean, yes, we're both the mildly braindamaged quirky delinquents to our respective oujos and all, but... look." You point at your face. "White hair, blue eyes." You point at Kirika. "Black hair, orange eyes. Fantastic melee combatant, terrible melee fighter. Silver oujo, gold oujo."

"Platinum, not silver," Kirika chirps, grinning and pulling Oriko close with an arm around her waist. "Good thought, though, never occurred to me before!"

Oriko sighs fondly.

"... oh," Sayaka says, her tone one of dawning, horrified realization. "There's *two* of them."

Homura lets out a faintly annoyed huff, and you give her a reassuring grin.

"Anyway. Later, Oriko, Kirika," you say, already building a flight platform. A few minutes later, you're airborne, Homura and Sayaka behind you while you snuggle up against Mami, smiling at her.

"Hey, Sabrina, can you drop me off back home?" Sayaka says. "I'll climb back in through the window."

"Yeah, I was planning on doing that anyway," you say. "Homura? Where would you like to get off?"

"Madoka's place," she murmurs quietly.

"Alright," you say. "Sayaka first, then you, alright? It's on the way."

"That's fine," Homura says, glancing at you.

There's not much conversation to be had as you head back, but you're glad to have Mami with you. She's warm and soft, still toying gently with your hair and ears as you soar through the deepening purple of the late evening skies. The wind whips past you, setting Mami's hair fluttering around her face like golden streamers.

It's a beautiful sight.

You've got more calls to make, though.

"*Hey, guys? Got a moment?*" you cast your thoughts into the aether, reaching out mentally to your other friends and allies. Kyouko, Masami, Hiroko, Noriko, Akemi, and Yuki. "*Got a quick update.*"

"*... yo?*" Kyouko says.

"*What's happening?*" Yuki asks, sharp and alert.

"*Uh, yeah. Seconded, what's happening?*" Masami chimes in, and so does Akemi. You can feel Hiroko and Noriko on the line, too, choosing to let their respective partners speak for them.

"*So, uh... There was a magical girl visiting today, one Rionna mag Aoidh.*" You give them a quick, brief rundown, starting with Rionna's powers, and then a brief summary of your conversation with her and finally, the fact that you took her down. You carefully avoid the *how*, simply noting that your friends helped.

"*So we're currently imprisoning her,*" you say, hugging Mami a little tighter. A worm of trepidation stirs in your gut, hoping that none of them disapprove. "*And I'm hoping to get psychiatric care for her, but... that's a bit in the future.*"

"*Understood,*" Yuki says. "*You could have called for help, but I understand the necessity of striking early and swiftly. Will you need help keeping her under imprisonment?*"

"*Yeah, she sounds like bad news,*" Kyouko drawls. "*Can't say I'm surprised. That all?*"

"*Uh, a little bit more,*" you tell Kyouko. "*And, uh, I'm grateful for the offer, but not at the moment, Miss Tsuruya. Umm... Masami, Akemi?*"

"*Yup, still alive,*" Masami confirms. "*I mean, whatcha want me to say? Good on you for taking her down? Good riddance, if she's that much of a bitch.*"

"*If anything, I'm... glad to know that you're willing to take a strong stance on... this kind of thing, Miss Vee,*" Akemi says. "*It's reassuring, because I feel like the possibility for others like her is likely?*"

"*Agreed,*" Yuki says. "*It's unlikely she will be the only strong magical girl seeking to strike at you for some purpose or another, Miss Vee.*"

"*Yeah... that's the other thing I wanted to bring up,*" you admit. You've arrived at Sayaka's place, so you wave at her, exchanging good nights as she hops off. "*If my... status brings up other troublemakers like this, then I'll help deal with it.*"

"*I should certainly hope so,*" Yuki says drily. "*But I suspect that was meant for everybody else.*"

"*Ah... as I said, I'm glad, Miss Vee,*" Akemi says. "*Thank you.*"

"*Yeah, yeah,*" Kyouko snorts. "*I'll send 'em your way. Or call for help.*"

"*That, yeah,*" Masami says. "*Thanks.*"

"*Alright. Thanks for listening, everyone, and... thanks for understanding,*" you say.

"*Honestly, she came to your turf and attacked you,*" Masami says. You can hear the shrug in her words. "*Her fault. Bye!*"

One after another, the others say their farewells and sign off. You sigh, another bit of tension bleeding away. Mami smiles at you, and you smile back.

"Just letting our allies know about what happened," you tell her.

Mami nods. "Good thinking, Sabrina."

Homura's the next dropoff, violet eyes holding yours for a long moment.

"You did the right thing," Homura murmurs, and steps off the flight platform, letting herself plummet to the ground below. "*We'll go... shopping tomorrow. Perhaps in the morning.*"

"*Thanks, Homura,*" you send to her, already turning back home.

"Hey, Mami?" you say.

"What is it, Sabrina?" she asks, smiling as she traces her fingers along the shell of your ear. It feels nice.

"Thank you," you say. "You've been at my side this entire evening, and your support means *everything* to me."

"I'll be at your side, Sabrina," Mami says, smiling back. "Always."

"And I'll be at yours," you respond, leaning up to kiss her gently on the cheek. "Has something been bothering you, though? You've been a bit quiet."

Mami's cheeks tinge an adorable, faint pink that you can barely make it out in the glow of the city below. "I've been worried about you, and... I wasn't sure what I *could* say to make it better. You had to make a difficult decision, and I think you made the right choice, but... I don't know how to make it better."

"You've made it better simply by being here, Mami," you murmur, and cuddle closer, ducking under her arm so that she's hugging you fully. "Thank you."

"Always, Sabrina," she murmurs.

"Let's go home," you say.

"Let's," Mami says, leaning her cheek against the top of your head.

---

- [ ] Mami
  - [x] Ask Mami to examine the flask
  - [ ] Talk to her about the evening
- [ ] Nadia
  - [ ] Vote in abeyance
- [ ] Relax for the evening
- [ ] Something else to cover?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Nadia
  - [x] Don't blame her.
    - [x] Explain Rionna's apparent motivation and actions. Let her know Rionna is currently detained.
    - [x] Discuss how you might want to manage the possible PR issues of this.
    - [x] Does Nadia know any therapists or therapy magical girls?

\=====​

Hm. Meant to cover the Nadia conversation, but this frankly felt like a better spot to break the update.
