# Point Insertion pt. 31

You lean into Mami's arms, burrowing into the hug. She tightens her grip on you, squeezing hard enough that a normal human might have difficulty breathing - but then, you're holding her just as tightly. Mami sighs happily, her chin resting gently against the crown of your head.

And here and now, it's... entirely possible to just push the world aside, just forget about all the troubles and issues piling up. Let it all wait until *later*, and relax for just a bit.

"I..." you stir, pulling back and smiling at Mami. "It's... it's hard to articulate these things, sometimes, but... I could show you."

You gather your magic, ready to mingle it with the magic of the ribbon holding that pendant around your neck, only for your thoughts to stall as Mami presses a finger to your lips.

"No, I... let me say something." She takes a breath, smiling. "Sabrina, you've given me *everything*. I was... I had almost given up. But you- you've brought me happiness. I, I can't express in words how much you mean to me, just- you're *everything* to me, Sabrina. I just... wanted you to know that."

You give her a smile, one you're sure is probably seven levels of *embarrassingly* sappy.

"Thank you, Mami," you say quietly, reaching up to take your pendant. She presses a hand to yours, gently nudging your arm away - instead, she twines her fingers together with yours.

"Hm?" you blink at her.

"I believe you," she says simply, and smiles, cupping your cheek gently. "I believe you, Sabrina. And it's... something for me to hold on to. Something to anchor myself to, that you think so much of me. That you... need me as much as I need you. I don't need you to show me, because you already have."

She smiles softly, and then leans up to brush a gentle, careful kiss against your cheek.

... you definitely do *not* squeak and blush a bright, flaming red, staring at Mami with huge eyes. She *does*, on the other hand, laugh, blushing just as hard as you definitely aren't, and curl up against your side. You wrap your arm around her, closing your eyes and sighing happily, savouring the closeness and the warmth.

As much as you wish you could stay like this forever, though, you *do* have other things to handle.

"Mami? You have homework to do for the night, right?" you murmur, eyes still closed.

"Mm," she says. "I do."

"OK," you say. "Do you want to get started?"

"I suppose I should," she murmurs.

You stir, and smile at her. "Hey. We have all the time in the world to be with each other, right?"

"And only so much time to do my homework," Mami says, and pouts.

"Not really what I meant, but it's true as well," you say, laughing and tucking yourself under her arm. "I'll help you with it?"

"I'd like that," Mami says with a smile. "And... ah, we haven't done the dishes."

"Oh, don't worry about that, I'll handle it," you say, perking up. "Shouldn't be a problem."

"Um?" Mami says. "No, no, I should help!"

"Nah," you say. "I want to practice using Grief remotely, anyway."

"Oh, I see," Mami says. She nods, smiling. "Alright, then. Be careful!"

"I will," you say. You're already saturating the kitchen with Grief fog, mapping out every square centimeter of the room. Especially all the dirty dishes soaking in the sink.

Mami stands, and pads over to collect her bag from the shelf, bringing it over to the coffee table. You slide off the end of the sofa to join her on the floor, wrapping an arm around her and squirming closer. She gives you a warm smile as she fishes out a writing pad and the day's worksheets.

Chemistry, it turns out. You half turn so that you're leaning lightly against her shoulder, a fraction of your attention turned towards the kitchen.

You pull the plug from the sink, allowing the water to drain, and rather than soaping, rinsing and drying every plate, cutlery, and miscellaneous cookware, you just... *scrape* them all clean with a surface-following, atomic-thickness blade. And then you stuff them away into the drawers.

Magic!

You peek over Mami's shoulder as she works. Organic chemistry, it appears - free radical reactions with simple organic molecules. Mami tilts her head and gently rubs her cheek against yours, and you beam at her in return. Still, she seems to have it well in hand, so you instead withdraw a small blob of Grief from your hammerspace.

And the biggest thing you *need* is to have something that can contain Grief outside your control radius, something that can *replace* Grief Seeds. Clear or otherwise.

You scowl thoughtfully to yourself as you pull a rock out of your hammerspace, too, weighing Grief in one hand and stone in the other. Perhaps if you tried to enchant something that simply *attracts* Grief? You frown, setting aside the Grief and trying to shape your magic, imbuing the rock with your *will*.

You and Mami work quietly for an hour and a half. Working on your own things, but working *together* in an easy, comfortable silence with the reassurance that both of you are right *there*, next to each other. Mami asks for your help with the chemistry, and you give her a happy smile as you set aside the enchantment for the moment and help her with her homework, tucking your chin on her shoulder and hugging her from behind as you explain.

Ultimately, you don't make much headway with the enchantment - you just can't seem to get your magic to *form* the shape you want, but then again, enchantment is an *ongoing* thing. You can't help but wonder if you're approaching it with the wrong mindset, admittedly, but... it *does* take time.

Mami exhales slowly, and beams at you as she sets her pen aside. "Alright. I'm done for the night," she says, stretching. "Shall we make an early night of it? It's been a long day."

"That... sounds like a fantastic idea," you say, and beam at Mami. "An early night it is."

"Alright," Mami says, packing away her homework. "Would you like to shower first?"

"Nah," you say. "Go ahead, and I'll be right here, OK?"

That earns you a dazzling smile from Mami, and she takes a deep breath before standing. You beam at her as she heads for the bedroom to grab a change of clothes.

You frown at the rock still held in your hand. At least, without trying to *force* it, you haven't shattered the rock to tiny pieces again. You scowl thoughtfully. The general aspect of enchantment you have seems to be *control*. And yet, you're not sure how to parley that into a more general Grief cleansing enchantment, because... what is *control* without *guidance*?

Your thoughts are interrupted by the door opening behind you, Mami emerging with an armful of clothes, giving you a smile as she heads to the bathroom. You beam back at her.

As she enters the bathroom and you hear the shower on, it strikes you as oddly lonely without Mami right here beside you, even in familiar grounds and Mami not even ten meters away. You turn on the television, just to fill the room with some noise, and flop over to lie down on the sofa, frowning thoughtfully at the ceiling.

What *are* you missing with your enchantment? Or are you thinking in the wrong direction here?

And yet-

No, there *must* be some way to distribute cleansing, right? You can't do everything yourself, and... you have to *break* this horrible system, that pits girls against other girls just for basic *survival*, that places endless *torment* at the end of an all-too-short life.

Everything can be fixed.

You're so caught up in your thoughts you almost don't notice when Mami emerges from the bathroom, walking over to the sofa with quick, hurried steps. You haul yourself upright, opening your arms to pull her into a hug. You bury your face in the waves of her freshly shampooed hair, breathing deep.

"Hi," Mami murmurs.

"Hi!" you say, and beam at her.

You spend a few minutes just hugging each other before Mami stirs. "You should go and shower."

"Are you saying I stink?" you say, faking indignation.

"Well, I didn't say that you do..." Mami says.

"Well." You huff, smiling. "I see how it is."

"Go, shower," Mami says. Her smile matches yours. "And I... I'll be right here."

You beam at her, and hop to your feet before grabbing your night clothes and heading to the shower. When you emerge, towelling your hair out, you're wearing a loose T-shirt and comfortable shorts to sleep in, Mami watching some game show or another on the television. Something about not laughing, you gather, where the contestants are put in increasingly ridiculous situations.

She turns to smile at you.

"Hi!" you say, draping yourself over the back of the sofa, bent forward at the waist. "How are you, Mami?"

"I'm... I'm alright," she says, and hugs you.

Well, she gives you an upside-down hug, anyway. Or rather, *you're* upside-down. Half upside-down.

"Shall we turn in?" you say.

"Ah, let me just dry my hair," Mami says, and frowns for a moment before snapping her fingers. You feel her magic snap out, and the water in her hair simply... puffs into mist.

You blink.

"... OK, that's really cool," you say.

"Just a minor trick," Mami says, beaming. "Can't do much more than that, though, and it's not good to do it *too* often, I imagine... oh!"

She snaps her fingers again, and dries *your* hair.

"Thank you!" You beam at her.

"You're welcome," Mami says, and stands. "Shall we?"

"Yeah," you say, unfolding from the back of the sofa. Together, you head to your bedroom, flicking the light switch off as Mami crawls onto the bed. She holds her arms out for you and you happily oblige.

"Goodnight, Sabrina," she murmurs.

"Goodnight, Mami," you respond, and let your eyes flutter shut.

---

- [ ] Vote in abeyance
  - [ ] Anything to hit during the morning talk?
  - [ ] What do you talk to Nagisa about?
  - [ ] Anything to talk to your friends on the way to school?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Breakfast with Mami
  - [x] Good morning Mitakihara!
    - [x] You want to contact some other Japanese meguca groups. Fukushima and the University Group might have some useful info.
- [x] Call up Nagisa, it's been a while!
- [x] If Mami seems down about the two of us parting ways for the day, kiss her. She's not leaving you and you're not leaving her.
- [x] Go shopping with Homura in the morning!

---​

Ugh. Sorry for cutting the update off here, but if I didn't, I wouldn't be updating today. Oh, and I did a bit of an editing pass to the last update. Should read better now.
