# Nova Prospekt pt. 2

Mami shuts the lunchboxes with a snap, handing one to you with an adoring smile.

"Thank you," you say, matching her smile with one of your own.

"Remember, no looking!" she says, hurrying off to the living room to tuck her own lunchbox into her bag.

"I promise I won't," you say, following right behind her. When she turns away, you're already there, opening your arms to pull her into a hug, squeezing tightly. She squeaks, and cuddles up against you for a moment.

And you can't help but wonder.

She slept well, did she?

She was bright and cheerful this morning, but... she *wasn't*, in mornings past. And you remember the one morning before the picnic on Saturday, when you woke up a bit early, to Mami having a nightmare.

... and you can't help but worry that that's been a constant, for her.

"We should probably get going," you say. You don't let the thoughts show on your face - because you don't want to upset her. Because some small part of you is *glad*, despite everything. Not that she had nightmares, but that she's doing *better*. And you'll be glad to stay with her, to fight those nightmares back.

Instead of saying anything about that, you ease back a little so you can lean forward and press a kiss to the tip of her nose. "Don't want to be late for school, right?"

Mami nods firmly, but doesn't move despite the rosy blush spreading across her face. She keeps her face tilted up, smiling.

You giggle, and present your cheek to her. She goes up on tiptoes, brushing her lips against your cheek.

"There, much better." Mami's smile widens, and she steps back. "*Now* I'm ready to go."

"A-alright," you say, voice squeaking a little. You're sure your face is *quite* red.

You grab your own bag and secure the lunch box within, safely ensconced in a layer of Grief, and you head out. Mami hums quietly, swinging your joined hands to and fro as you walk down the streets, headed towards school.

Mitakihara never truly sleeps, the city bustling day and night. But as you thread through the crowds, you can't shake the impression of the city grinding back up to full speed after a lull in the night.

Sayaka and Hitomi are already there, waiting by the shaded, leafy path by the stream. Sayaka's carrying both their schoolbags, Hitomi looking faintly exasperated, but perks up when she notices you.

"Good morning!" Sayaka yells, following Hitomi's line of sight and spotting you.

"Good morning!" you call in response.

"Good morning," Mami offers, beaming brightly at your friends. You quicken your steps, heading over. "How are you?"

"Not too different from half an hour ago," Hitomi says, smile taking the sting out of the teasing. She rubs idly at her wrist cast. "And you, Sabrina, Mami?"

"I'm good," you say, beaming. "OK there, Sayaka?"

"Yep!" Sayaka says, hefting the bags on her shoulder. You debate for a moment whether to ask her about that decision on the Witchbomb, but... you *really* don't want to pressure her.

Ah, well.

You can feel Homura approaching, walking at a sedate pace, and Madoka by her side.

"Hey- *ack*-" Sayaka's cheerful greeting is muted by a crow dropping from the sky, missing her face by bare centimeters. She squawks almost as much as the crow, drawing stares from the other students meandering towards the school.

Madoka giggles as she approaches, and the crow settles on Sayaka's arm in return for a handful of birdseed Sayaka pulls from her pocket.

"Nothing interesting to report," Sayaka offers after a moment. The bird pecks daintily at the handful of seed before fluttering off, and Hitomi gives it a long, curious look, but visibly decides not to ask.

"Good," Homura murmurs.

"Good morning!" you say brightly, and grin at her, then Madoka.

"How are you?" Mami asks, smiling.

"I'm doing well!" Madoka says, bouncing lightly on her toes.

Homura nods silently, and by mutual agreement, you all start heading towards the school. As you meander down the sun-dappled path, the leafy trees still wet with dew, Homuraa falls towards the rear of the group, half a step behind Madoka.

You squeeze Mami's hand gently, smiling softly at her, and she nods in turn. Her grip loosens, and regretfully, you separate from her to fall in step with Homura.

"Are you alright?" you murmur.

Homura regards you for a long moment, her eyes shadowed by her fringe. "Later," she murmurs.

"OK," you say, smiling. "Speaking of, we're still up for the shopping trip this morning, right?"

She nods, and motions towards a side-path.

"Ah," you say, and raise your voice a little. "Hey guys, Homura and I'll be right back, OK?"

"Take care, Sabrina, Homura," Mami murmurs, and gives you a warm smile. You match it with one of your own.

"We will," you say, and let the smile turn into a grin you direct at everyone. "Stay out of trouble, OK? That means you, Sayaka."

"Nyeh," Sayaka says. She sticks her tongue out at you. "*I'm* not the one who seems to trip over trouble everywhere she goes... heck, I'm not the one who goes *looking* for it. *You* stay out of trouble."

You snort, and smirk.

"Hey, I've got Homura to take care of me, right? She's responsible," you say cheerfully.

"*Sure* she is," Sayaka says, and rolls her eyes.

Homura shakes her head.

"See, she disagrees with your sarcasm," you say cheerfully. "Anyway!"

You wave Homura down the side path. She strides out ahead of you, finding a quiet niche hidden from the main path by hedges, and transforms in a muted flash of purple. She dips a hand behind her shield and offers you a reel of string, which you tie around your wrist.

She nods, and cranks her shield across. Gears whir, and time grinds to a halt. The sounds of the city die instantly, as if cut off by an executioner's blade. Warm sunlight turns cold and frozen, life and motion leached from the world by Homura's magic.

You exhale slowly, and smile at Homura.

"Where are we going?" you ask with a smile. "You mentioned the JSDF, right?"

"Sixth Division headquarters, Sendai," Homura murmurs, eyeing you.

"Alright." You nod, smile fading a little. "Think we can hit the yakuza on the way back? I need a bit of, ah, pocket money."

"We can," she says, still inspecting you closely. "Is there... something wrong?"

You blink. Either you're being really obvious -and you're not- or *Homura* is getting better at reading *you*.

Which...

Huh.

"I... kind of," you admit. "I'm just a bit uneasy about raiding the JSDF. They're just people who've done nothing wrong, and they're going to get into *big* trouble for letting their equipment go missing. Also, I want to give you a hug right now, if that's OK with you?"

Homura looks faintly confused, but lets you hug her - and she even hugs back, weakly. She's still painfully thin in your arms, and it's probably your imagination that she feels a bit more solid. Just a few days isn't enough to fix long term malnutrition.

You step back, smiling.

"Kyuubey mostly covers it up," Homura says with a shrug, but frowns, and shrugs after a moment. "We can go elsewhere."

"I... if it's not too much trouble," you say, smile widening a bit. "I'm happy to fly us both... well, anywhere, really, it's just about how long we'll spend in timestop before getting to our friends. Do you have any preference?"

Homura frowns, considering. "I'm familiar with Japanese bases. I've only travelled to Korea and China a few times. Russia, too," she murmurs, and shakes her head. "It... hasn't been worth it, before." She pauses, obviously thinking over her options. "Russia?"

"Russia? Vladivostok... or the Kuril Islands? " you say, frowning in thought. They're almost equidistant from Mitakihara, or close enough. "Not too long, actually, if we go at maximum velocity. And with the time stop... do I actually have to worry about the sonic boom?"

Russia is an... acceptable target, if you had to pick one. What with the... general kleptocracy, it's probably not unreasonable to expect that materiel to end up on the black market, anyway. *Especially* as compared to Japan, with its *ruthlessly* enforced constitutional *and* treaty restrictions. You can't imagine the JSDF would look kindly on *losing* military equipment.

"I don't know," Homura says, frowning, and then shrugging slightly. "I've never had to find out."

"Right... Probably best to be safe, but it won't take too long. Vladivostok Naval Base or Kuril?" you ask, already drawing together Grief to form a flight platform.

"Vladivostok," Homura says with a sharp, decisive nod.

"All the way west, then," you say with a grin, and shape comfortable chairs out of Grief. "All aboard!"

You're airborne moments later, shaping a windshield and roof ahead of you, Grief sweeping back and enclosing you to form a cabin of sorts. You might not, strictly speaking, *need* to breathe, but that doesn't mean low pressure is *fun*.

... Probably. Maybe it is, you don't know for sure.

A moment later, you dissolve the chair so you can sprawl out on the floor instead, clearing a little transparent patch in front of you to watch Mitakihara City recede.

"How're you doing, Homura?" you say, rolling over to smile at your friend.

"I'm... doing well," she says, shifting off the seat. She sits beside you instead, primly drawing her knees up to her chest and hugging her legs before giving you a long look. "You were upset last night."

"Yeah, you could say that," you say, shaking your head and smiling at her. "But I'm feeling a *lot* better."

"After spending time with Mami," Homura concludes.

"Well... yes," you admit.

Homura gives you a long, long look, and then nods. You can feel her attention on you still.

"... what's that supposed to mean?" you ask, giving Homura a suspicious look.

"I didn't say anything," she says, meeting your gaze.

You're... not sure whether she's making fun of you. She *probably* is, but you're *not* sure.

"Riiiiight," you say, and give her an easy grin. "Whatcha thinking?"

Homura purses her lips, staring out through the window. You're still rising steadily, the muted glitter of Mitakihara receding behind you... and you wonder what Homura sees. Home? *Madoka's* home? The ruins of the city, after she failed?

"We've... made a good start," Homura says finally, shaking you from your morbid thoughts. Her eyes flick over to yours as you look up at her. "Last night was difficult for you."

"Yeah. On both counts," you say, your eyes flicking up to her. "Have you ever had to deal with something like that before? I mean... I know Rionna hasn't come to Mitakihara before, but..."

Homura sighs, and nods.

"Straightforward," she murmurs, and shakes her head, her eyes flickering away from you.

"Fair enough," you say with a sigh, and reach up to clasp her shoulder, giving her a smile.

The conversation lapses for a while, and judging that you're far away enough from Mitakihara that any sonic boom won't affect it out of timestop, you stomp on the metaphorical accelerator. The ground blurs beneath you, patchwork quilt of fields whipping past.

Homura sits unruffled by the force of the acceleration, still staring out at the landscape.

"It'll work," you say quietly. "I worry a lot about what's to come. Walpurgisnacht is going to be a threat, but... I worry about what's between *now* and then... and what comes after."

Her gaze slides over to you, questioning.

You give her a weak grin. "I've got you. I've got Mami. We've got Sayaka and Kyouko, and Masami and Hiroko. It's just... going to be a lot of *work* between now and then. People are starting to come in, and it's more reinforcements for our side, but also more people to manage and more people to worry about."

"There's no need to worry," Homura says, frowning. "Keeping the peace is not a problem. With an eye on Mikuni..." She shakes her head. "Sayaka is... useful."

"Yeah. I do hope so," you admit. "And I hope that things turn out well... I hope that the Rionna takedown isn't going to cause repercussions."

Homura shrugs, completely unconcerned by the notion.

"She won't be mourned, from what you said," Homura murmurs. "Those afraid to come here because of just that are already poisoned by the Incubator."

"Yeah," you say, and grimace for a moment before grinning at her. "Still. We're going to build a grand alliance, and then beat down Walpurgisnacht and whatever comes next, yeah?"

Homura nods silently.

"Anything you want to do, by the way?" you ask, and beam at her.

Homura frowns. "We should steal some missile launchers," she murmurs. "If they have any."

"That's not, uh, what I meant," you say. "Though I wasn't too clear, I guess, and we can definitely do that. I mean, uh... in general. After this trip, between now and Walpurgisnacht, or even after that."

She gives you a hesitant look, before shrugging and returning her attention to the landscape whizzing past.

You follow her gaze to the mountains unrolling ahead of you, giving her time to think. Cast in stark shadow by the morning sun, the mountains are a breathtakingly beautiful sight, and one that you'll soon leave behind... And one you vaguely regret not bringing Mami along to see.

"I don't..." Homura's brows knit. "I... still don't understand Sayaka. I... should." She gives you a questioning gaze.

---

- [ ] How do you respond?
- [ ] During the raid
- [ ] Any particular topics to discuss?
- [ ] After the raid...
- [x] Hug Mami
- [x] See the others off at school
- [ ] Meet with Oriko to discuss Homura and the potentialbomb
- [ ] Contact Yuki to discuss Airi and a potential visit
- [ ] Contact Kyouko to see how she and Yuma are doing
- [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

The next update should take you through the shopping trip and back to school. Vote accordingly. Also, meeting Oriko, Yuki, or Kyouko will all be full-update actions. For obvious reasons, hopefully.

So, while doing a bit of research, I noticed this:

> Following the APEC Russia 2012 summit, it was announced that the main naval base of the Pacific Fleet in the Russian Far East will be moved to the town of Fokino, Primorsky Krai.
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

Hmm...
