# Nova Prospekt pt. 5

Of course, it's only polite to check in on them before dropping by. You settle into a lazy holding pattern high above Mitakihara Middle School, wheeling in lazy circles with the birds riding the same thermals. Even if some of them are probably under the sway of Sayaka's magic, they *all* seem extraordinarily unconcerned with your presence.

You give them little waves when you think they're looking at you, anyway. No harm being on good terms with feathered beings in general, you reason.

... but that's besides the point.

"*Oriko? Kirika?*" you reach out across the distance with your mind.

"*Good morning, Sabrina!*" Kirika chirps.

"*Oh good, you're awake,*" you say. "*I don't suppose you and Oriko are open to having a visit around now? I can wait if it's more convenient.*"

"*Hmm... sec!*" Kirika says, and continues a moment later. "*Sure, come on over!*"

"*Alright, see you soon,*" you say, and break the holding pattern. You tilt your wings in salute to your fellow winged compatriots before zipping off towards the Mikuni mansion, which is in turn a name you're sticking to because it's delightfully alliterative. In English, anyway.

When you coast in for a landing in the Kure's backyard a few minutes later, you find Kirika waiting at the door.

"Heyo!" she calls, nudging the door open. "Want some breakfast?"

"Ah, I've eaten, but don't let me interrupt you if you're having yours," you say, beaming. "Is Oriko alright?"

"Oriko's in the shower, and I'm making breakfast!" Kirika says, bouncing on her toes. "So... yeah!"

"Whatcha cooking?" you ask as you follow her into the mansion.

"Nothing complicated, just waffles and stuff," Kirika says. "Uh... just so you know, Oriko might be in the shower for a while. She takes long showers."

You grin at her. "No prob. I kind of wanted to talk to you, anyway... Oriko too, but some of it's more relevant to you."

"Eh? What's up?" Kirika snags an apron from the back of the kitchen door as you follow her in. She fidgets with said apron for a few moments, checking the pockets of her shorts before apparently settling everything to her satisfaction, and grabs a bowl of batter off the counter which she starts stirring.

"So... well, honestly, I've realised, *really* realised, what Mami means to me," you say with a sheepish grin. "I... well, I'd probably have realised it eventually, but I think what you told me back then helped, a lot."

"Did you now?" Kirika asks, her tone curiously neutral.

"Yeah," you say, and you can't help the soft smile that rises to your face as you think of her.

Kirika sets the mixing bowl back down on the counter with a sharp click. She marches over to stand in front of you, every step firm and resolute on kitchen tile. She has to tilt her head back to look you in the eye, citrine eyes framed by slightly damp hair. She stares at you for a second... and then she grins, brilliant and sharp.

"Fucking *finally*," she says. "Congratulations."

That startles a laugh out of you.

"Yeah, well... it wasn't that simple," you say, rubbing your nose. "I mean, I really *do* have concerns about it."

"Bullshit," Kirika says cheerfully, spinning and back to the counter. She starts ladling batter into the fancy waffle iron, intent on the task.

You laugh.

"I suppose," you say. "She's important to me, and... I don't know what I'd *do* if something happened to her. I mean, I've... I suppose I've always known I was here to fix things, you know? That's me. It's what I *do*."

You lean against the wall, fidgeting with that perpetually flyaway stand of hair by your ear. "But no. Not any more, or not *just* that, as selfish as it might be. I need her to be with me. I need to make her happy."

"Sounds 'bout right to me," Kirika says, and tilts you a grin.

"Yeah, well," you say. "I mean, I still have secrets I... can't tell her. It's... just not *fair* to her."

"Mmmhm," Kirika says, frowning at you. "But you told her, didn't you?"

"I told her that I have secrets, and I asked if she wanted to hear them, yeah," you admit. "I made it clear it would be painful, but I'd tell her if she wanted to."

"Mmmm*hm*," Kirika says, cracking open the waffle iron and scooping it out onto a plate. "Sounds to me like you did the right thing."

"Yeah, but it's not... fair," you say.

"You know what's '*not fair*'?" Kirika says, ladling on more batter. "You beating yourself up for loving your oujo. Yeah, OK, you reckon it's an imbalanced situation. *You* tell me you won't instantly break down if she said a word against you. If she asked to know, would you tell her?"

"Well..." you fiddle with that lock of hair.

"'s what I thought," Kirika says, humming thoughtfully. "See the thing is... you worry it's uneven, and I guess you're right, it sorta is. In *her* favour, because you're kind of a wimp. Wimp."

"Like you're any better," you say, faintly offended. She's right, admittedly.

"Yup!" Kirika says, and holds her fist out to you. "Fools for love, both of us."

You sigh, and bump your knuckles against hers. "Fools in love."

"There you go," Kirika says with a lazy grin. "Yeah. You've got power. So does *she*, because you *think* about it. Like, relationships go bad 'cuz one side cares more than the other. *That's* a real problem, *that's* unfair. You and your oujo? Naaah."

You let out a sigh, reassured despite yourself.

"I... well, thanks, Kirika," you say, and smile at her. "Speaking of, how's Oriko been?"

"Couldn't be better," Kirika says with a satisfied grin. "Been teaching her to shitpost."

You raise a finger and open your mouth, but-

What do you even *say* to that?

"She's taking to it well," Kirika adds.

"That-" you clear your throat, and lower your finger to lock your arms behind your back instead. "That's probably a warcrime of some kind, but OK."

"I *know*!" Kirika says cheerfully, flipping another waffle onto the stack. "It's *wonderful*. *She's* wonderful."

"Mami's wonderful, too," you say with a happy sigh.

Kirika grins at you, that little fang of hers poking out as she refills the waffle iron. "Seriously. Grats on figuring it out."

"Thanks," you say, and return her grin. "*You* had a much easier time of it, huh?"

"Yeah, that's because I don't overthink things," Kirika says. "I'm smarter like that."

You laugh brightly. "Yeah, yeah, rub it in why don't you."

"I think not," Kirika says in a lofty, superior tone. "For naturally, I shall be the better person."

You spend nearly half an hour bantering cheerfully with Kirika. She churns out stacks of waffles, shoving them into the oven to stay warm, and you briefly debate pointing out that you doubt they could possibly eat that many, but... who are you to get in the way of her cooking for her Oriko?

And speaking of Oriko, she *finally* emerges from upstairs, descending the stairs one sedate step at a time.

"Good morning, Sabrina," she says, giving you a nod as she crosses the kitchen and kisses Kirika on the cheek. Kirika beams, and cuddles up against Oriko.

"I'll be outside!" you say, pushing yourself off the wall.

"No, no, no need," Oriko says. She brushes still-wet hair back from her eyes, giving you an amused smile. "How are you, Sabrina? And what brings you here today?"

"I'm good," you say, and grin at her. "And I'm here because... well, I guess I wanted to see my friends."

Oriko blinks, and then again.

You keep the grin on your face, raising your eyebrows at her.

And finally, Oriko sighs, slumping against Kirika.

"You *shouldn't* consider us- Kirika!" Oriko trails off into a whine and flinches away from Kirika, who's currently menacing her with something.

You blink. You'd nearly *missed* the motion - Kirika's hand all but blurred as she snatched... a squirt bottle from her pocket.

"I... thank you, Sabrina," Oriko says, giving you a smile that's half rueful and half annoyed.

"That's more like it," Kirika says, looping an arm around Oriko's waist.

"We *could* stil- no, alright, I won't-" Oriko wards off Kirika's incoming spritz. "I'm sorry!"

"... this is my fault, and I apologise," you say, palming your face. "I am *so* sorry."

"Yes, yes it is!" Oriko says, trying to grab the spray bottle away from Kirika. She's not terribly successful.

"... I'll be outside?" you say, and *this* time, you make good on your escape, smiling to yourself. You're glad for Oriko and Kirika, and... yes. You consider them friends. Enemies, once, but now friends and allies.

Oriko and Kirika emerge from the kitchen a while later, Kirika bearing a tray laden with stacks of waffles and toppings and, of course, a pot of tea.

"Please, join us," Oriko says, waving you over. You smile, and take a seat at the dining table, grabbing a waffle. You've already eaten, but it's only polite.

"Unwis..." Oriko trails off with a narrow-eyed glare at Kirika, who simply gives her an angelically innocent look. "Un*expected* declarations of friendship aside, what brings you here today, Sabrina?"

"Well, in all seriousness? That *is* a real reason I wanted to come over," you say, and smile. "Not the only one, of course. I made up my mind... well, I'm not entirely sure when, but I thought you should know."

"We're your friends too!" Kirika chirps happily, waving a fork laden with waffle at you. "Right, Oriko?"

"I..." She closes her eyes and exhales, before opening them meeting your gaze. "Yes. I... we're your friends, Sabrina. You've been kinder to us than I could have ever expected, and I'm more than grateful for that alone. I... do enjoy talking to you, frustrating though I find it."

"Right back atcha. Including the frustrating bit," you say, sticking your tongue out at Oriko, who just sighs. She's smiling despite herself.

You tip a little syrup onto your waffle, slicing it delicately with the knife.

"I appreciate it," Oriko says, exhaling quietly. "Still, what were the other reasons?"

"Well, I already told Kirika, but... well, I've realised what Mami really means to me," you say. "Just how important she's become to me - and I wanted to thank Kirika, because she definitely helped."

"Ah," Oriko says with a faint smile. "I must say, I think everyone *else* realised before you did. I certainly did, I'm certain even Akemi did."

You snort, smiling sheepishly. "Yeah, well, too close to the problem and all that. Plus, I had entirely valid doubts- *agh*!"

"Bad Sabrina," Kirika snaps, lowering the squirt bottle.

You pout at Kirika.

"You *did* accept responsibility, Sabrina," Oriko says placidly, her cutlery rattling pointedly against her plate.

"Traitor," you tell Kirika. "But yeah. That's one thing. Another... well, I've got more serious matters that can wait until after breakfast?"

"Of course," Oriko says, inclining her head. "I wouldn't dream of spoiling the excellent breakfast Kirika has prepared with serious matters."

Kirika beams, and leans over to kiss Oriko on the cheek. "You think it's excellent?"

"It is, dear," Oriko says with a warm smile.

"And hey, Oriko's biased, but take it from me, these are pretty good!" you say. You wink. "Not as good as Mami's, of course."

"But *you* are in turn biased," Oriko says, sniffing. "*I* am of the opinion that Kirika's cooking is better."

"You haven't even tried Mami's cooking, your opinion is invalid," you say.

"Ah, but I might have experienced a vision of the future where I did, at which point I would likely have had a variation of this conversation," Oriko says. "Therefore, by *foreseeing* myself having that conversation I would be able to glean my own opinion."

"... But you didn't," you say, squinting suspiciously at Oriko. "And your opinion would be biased, anyway."

Oriko sniffs disdainfully, popping another bite of waffle into her mouth.

You'll take that victory!

The rest of breakfast passes with easy chatter. You finish your waffle, just the one, and summon a blob of Grief to your hand, excusing yourself with the fact that you'll need it in a bit as you enchant it. Kirika tries to drop more on your plate, but you decline - you've already had breakfast. You might be a puella magi and thus immune to getting fat if you don't want to, but there's no reason to be greedy. Plus, you're meeting Kyouko at *some* point today, and that probably means food.

Kirika clears the dishes away as you finish, Oriko insisting that you're a guest and don't get to help.

"So what was that last matter, Sabrina?" Oriko asks, folding her hands on the table.

"Well, two things," you say, smiling. "The first... huh, three things, actually, but anyway. The first, how's the preparation for moving going?"

"Not terribly well," Oriko says with a shrug. "Insofar as we haven't started yet. We... don't have a particular timeline yet, so we don't know what or when to pack."

"... ah. That's... well, that's fair," you say, frowning. "Right. I'll look at that."

"That would be appreciated," Oriko says with a faint smile. "Just to clarify... are we currently allowed to roam outside?"

"Ah, well..." you shift uncomfortably. "The GPS trackers *are* arriving today. Supposed to, anyway."

"When we receive those, then," Oriko says, with a nod. She pauses for a moment before adding, "Just to be clear, Sabrina, I don't hold it against you. I understand you're doing the best you can, with *far* more leniency than I could have possibly hoped to experience."

"I... well," you say, grimacing. "I'm trying the best I can."

"Hallloooo," Kirika says, bouncing out of the kitchen and flopping down across Oriko's lap. "Why the long faces?"

"It's nothing, dear," Oriko says, wrapping her arms around Kirika's waist to steady her. "Just talking about something. What were the other matters?"

"Uh- well, Kirika, I was thinking of asking for anti-magic manacles from you?" you say, jumping on the change of subject offered. "They'd have been useful last night."

"... do you *have* manacles I could use?" Kirika says. "I dunno what you think of us, but *we* don't."

You groan, covering your face with both hands. "That is not *remotely* what I meant," you say.

Oriko chuckles quietly. "Perhaps a chain of some kind? I believe there should still be some in the gardening stores."

"... yeah," you say, shaking your head. "Yeah, that'd be nice."

"I'll go check!" Kirika volunteers, hopping off Oriko's lap.

"Uh- when you get back, we might be in a privacy enchantment? Feel free to step in," you call after her as she wanders out of the room.

"Gotcha!" Kirika chirps, waving.

Oriko turns a curious look on you.

"The third matter," you say, calling the enchanted Grief to your hand. "Do you mind?"

"By all means," Oriko says.

You take a moment to form the privacy construct, setting it down on the table as the field blooms around you, hazing the world beyond the bounds of the sphere.

"So... I wanted to ask you about revealing the link of Madoka's potential and the loops to Homura. I... no, no-" You hold up your hands to forestall Oriko's protests. "I'm not thinking about doing it anytime soon, but I need to know, because I'm *sure* the Incubator will try to use it as a weapon sometime. That's what it did... before."

"Ah," Oriko says, frowning. "I... I have something to raise, too, after we are done, but for now, what do you wish to know?"

"How does she learn about it?" you ask. "That's the most important. Where? How does she react, in as much detail as you recall? I know that losing your magic meant that a lot of the visions were lost too, but you remember some of it, right?"

Oriko nods, frowning in thought for a moment - though she doesn't get to answer before Kirika bounces back in, waving a metal chain with knuckle-sized links purloined from somewhere.

"Hi!" Kirika says happily, flopping down across Oriko's lap and nestling close.

"Hello," Oriko says, and leans forward to claim a kiss.

"Heyo," you say, looking away to give them their privacy.

Oriko clears her throat, and you look back to find Kirika curled happily on her lap. The black-haired girl brandishes the chain at you.

"Usual immunities? Us and your friends? What about the shrimp?" Kirika asks.

"The who... you mean Miss Tsuruya?" you ask, stifling a giggle. "From Fukushima?"

"Yeah her," Kirika says. "The girl you had me make a pair for?"

"Ah..." you frown thoughtfully. "Eh, go for it, I guess."

You trust Yuki to stick to her word. She seems the type, and she certainly seems to want to hitch her star to yours. If you come into conflict with her, something has gone *terribly* wrong somewhere.

"Got it!" Kirika says, tongue sticking out as she starts enchanting the metal chain.

Oriko smiles at her before turning sea-green eyes to you, gravely thoughtful.

"As I was about to say, Sabrina - the 'how' is simple," Oriko says. "She despairs in truth, because it means that for every gain she's made, the obstacles simply become more insurmountable. Walpurgisnacht alone is no longer her only foe to contend with, let alone the Incubator's increased machinations."

"Even with me here? Even with the changes I've made?" you say.

"If you are present, then certainly you can drag her back from the edge of oblivion," Oriko says, and sighs. "Tomoe Mami could not. Miki Sayaka could not... Kaname Madoka would make it *worse* if present. She would have lost *everything*."

"Yeah, I get that," you say with a grimace. "Which makes the when and how even more important?"

"The Incubator," Oriko says, scowling. "You yourself. I gather you want to do it under controlled circumstances, which I think unwise even then. Kaname Madoka, too, has the potential for it."

"*Madoka*," you say, sitting back. "Huh. Do you have any more detail, Oriko?"

She nods jerkily, frown deepening into worried furrows that Kirika reaches up to smooth away. Oriko sighs, slumping and pressing a kiss to Kirika's forehead.

"In the days before Walpurgisnacht," Oriko says finally. "As you assemble the magical girls to fight. That's when the Incubator strikes, to tear it all down. Kaname Madoka... she's a lot smarter than she looks. I suspect she figures it out soon after she finds about the loops."

"That fits," you say, scowling. "Striking for the greatest possible effect."

Oriko nods, sighing.

"I apologise," she says. "I... don't remember clearly."

"Yeah, I know," you say. "I get that. I... have a thought, Oriko, if you don't mind hearing it?"

"Yes?" Oriko asks.

"We appear to have enchantments related to our magic," you say. "Kirika, for example, has antimagic enchantments."

"Which is almost done, by the way!" Kirika says happily. "Getting better at these."

"Thanks, Kirika," you say with a smile. "But, well, Oriko-"

"Have I ever considered trying to enchant precognition into a bauble of some kind?" Oriko finishes. "I have, but I had not tried it. As you and Kirika have taken great effort to impress upon me, I shouldn't rely too heavily on my precognition. And more recently, there has been a... factor."

"Oh?" you say, raising your eyebrows.

"The matter I wanted to bring up," she says. "I have been... getting flashes of visions - but not of the future. Of the *present*."

You blink, and then blink again. Instinctively, you check with your senses, and...

Her Soul is... still twisted on itself, but it's almost smoothing out now. You'd almost call it settling into a *new* shape entirely.

"Huh," you say, more to say *something*.

"Nothing useful or specific," Oriko says, frowning. "Random snatches from around the world, I suspect, and nothing I can direct. Perhaps that will change, but then again, perhaps not. It's... developing, I suppose, would be a good word."

---

- [ ] Any last questions for Oriko and Kirika?
  - [ ] Write-in
- [ ] Next up
- [ ] Call Yuki. Arrange a visit. You need to talk:
  - [] With Anri.
  - [] With Yuki, about getting therapists involved and imprisoning Riona, and sharing contact information for meguca Befriending.
- [ ] Call Kyouko. You need to talk.
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

*coughs* So much for that Thursday update.

Do remember that Kirika's a teenager, too. Her advice on relationships is biased through that lens.
