# Nova Prospekt pt. 8

Kasamino. Mitakihara's sister city. Mitakihara's other half, separated by a mere river. It's a big river, true, and you fondly recall the way it glittered as you hurled yourself across it all that time ago. Far below, you can see the white vee-shaped wake of some boat cutting through the gentle, slopping waves.

Maybe you should do that again, you muse as you wing over the shining river. You keep Aurora in your hand as you fly, letting magic and the *magic* of the moment seep into the Grief Seed as you soar. And... it was *fun*, and you can't help but wonder how you measure up *now*, with more experience simply *moving* as a magical girl. Maybe on the way bac-

You blink, thoughts promptly derailed by a flash of dusky red on a rooftop. Red and *green*, perched atop a building.

More specifically:

Frantically waving green, perched on top of red, in turn standing on top of a spear planted point down atop a building.

You blink to yourself, and bank to soar over towards them, tucking Aurora away.

"Sabrinaaaaaa!" Yuma hollers as you approach, waving vigorously and balancing on Kyouko's shoulders with the preternatural grace of a magical girl. Even so, Kyouko has her hands clamped around Yuma's ankles and a put-upon expression on her face.

"Hey!" you call as you coast in for a gentle landing on the roof, wings dissolving as your boots touch concrete.

"Alright, alright, that's enough of that," Kyouko says, hopping off the spear to land beside you, Yuma giggling happily as she in turn hops off the taller girl's shoulders. "Yo."

"Not that I mind, but what's with the welcome?" you ask, grinning.

Kyouko shrugs.

"My idea!" Yuma says happily.

"Well, it certainly got my attention," you say, grinning and ruffling her hair before letting your attention flick over to Kyouko. "Brunch on me?"

"... Yeah, sure," Kyouko says. She meets your gaze for a second, before skittering off to the side.

Oh, yeah, she's got something on her mind. You won't push now, you think. Kyouko's like a cat, really. Skittish, shy. Push her too hard, and she'll duck out to hide somewhere. So you'll give her a bit of time to work it out.

"Where to?" you say in lieu of a dozen questions ready on your tongue, and grin at her. "It's your city."

"Damn straight it is," Kyouko mutters, and seems to catch herself. Her back straightens, cocky grin returning as she pulls an apple from somewhere, tossing it from one hand to the other before taking a demonstrative bite out of it. "Try and keep up."

She throws herself off the edge of the roof, ponytail streaming like a crimson banner behind her as she leaps off. Yuma giggles, and takes off after her adoptive older sister, while you shake your head and follow.

Kyouko *rapidly* outpaces you, Yuma sticking to her like glue as they bound away over the yawning chasms between buildings. You *could* take to the skies and fly after them, but really, you don't have any need to prove yourself. If Kyouko gets there first, she's going to have to wait for you to catch up. And if she wants to prove a point...

Well, you can let her prove that point. You don't mind.

Still, you take it as an opportunity to try and improve, watching how she moves. More like Mami than you, which is unsurprising, but you still try to learn, watching for the flare and ebb of magic cushioning her landings.

You catch up a few moments after she stops, shrugging vaguely at her victorious look. You can take it with equanimity, instead summoning a sphere of Grief out of hammerspace and peeling off a few bills for use.

Yuma beams at you, bouncing on her toes.

"Down there," Kyouko says grudgingly. "All day breakfast buffet."

"Alright. Sounds good to me," you say with a smile, and take a long step off the side of the roof. You let yourself plummet, and the three of you emerge a few seconds later from the alleyway, detransformed. Kyouko's wearing that same ratty old jacket of hers with shorts, and Yuma's wearing a rather nice, sturdy dress you're pretty sure you didn't see her with the last time.

Kyouko *does* have money now, since you're paying her for training Sayaka.

"How's Sayaka doing?" Yuma tugs on the hem of your shirt, turning large, soulful eyes on you as you turn the corner to the breakfast place. It's a quiet, unassuming shop-front, with an equally quiet sign declaring its business.

"She's doing great," you say, beaming at her. "She'll be coming by for more training soon!"

"Yuma likes her!" Yuma declares, apparently mollified. "She's nice."

"Brat," Kyouko says, ruffling Yuma's hair gently. "Like I'm not?"

"Big sis is very nice to Yuma!" Yuma declares, throwing her arms around Kyouko's waist and hugging her. "But Sayaka is nice *too*. And Sabrina!"

There isn't exactly a queue stretching out the door, but the buffet place turns out to be moderately crowded even in the middle of a weekday morning. You pay up front, and you're waved over to a seat by a harried-looking waiter, whose polite smile flickers to confusion at your appearance before returning to polite neutrality. You, Kyouko, and Yuma do make a rather odd trio.

"Arright," Kyouko mutters, not bothering to sit. Or to look you in the eye. "C'mon, Yuma."

The shorter girl gives you a look with those huge, puppy-dog eyes before hurrying off to join Kyouko in piling plates high.

Yeah, Yuma, that makes two of you. And you can only hope Kyouko *does* decide to open up about it. If not... maybe you'll throw Sayaka at the problem. You pick thoughtfully at the slightly greasy table, looking around the cozy interior of the restaurant.

Heh.

In your wildest dreams, Sayaka *is* the problem and Kyouko's about to spill prime teasing material, but this isn't *quite* the world of your wildest dreams. Admittedly, it *is* the world with a Mami steadily growing in confidence and happiness, and said Mami *with* you. She hasn't even called this morning, though you think you'll check in on her after talking to Kyouko.

"Your turn," Kyouko mutters, returning with a plate piled high with a mishmash of food. Rice and fried dumplings and bacon and sausages and steamed fish and sauteed vegetables and steamed dim sum. An eclectic mix from all over. Yuma's right behind, equally loaded plate clutched in her hands and bright, happy smile on her face.

Kyouko demolishes her plate in silence, polishing it clean in a matter of minutes before departing for a refill, Yuma right behind her. When they return, you're still working on your own plate, eating slowly but steadily. Yuma slides a cup of iced water to you, smiling shyly.

"Thanks," you say, beaming at the younger girl.

"So talk," Kyouko says, eyeing you over an accusingly pointed sausage.

You give her a faint, rueful grin.

"Honestly, I want to speak to you somewhere more private," you say, with a vague wave at the not-exactly-crowded-but-definitely-populated restaurant. "After we eat, maybe? We could go to a park or something."

"Yeah sure," Kyouko says, shrugging.

"That said... well, how's the training with Sayaka going?" you say, smiling. "I got her side of the story, more or less, but I'm curious what you think."

"*I* wanna know what the hell you've been feeding her," Kyouko says, scowling and cramming three dumplings into her mouth at once.

"Steady diet of encouragement, assorted powers, and messy situations," you say. "Seems to be working!"

"She relies too much on the damn clones," Kyouko mutters. "And... hrrrrh. She needs to physically grab the powers, that's a weakness. Told Yuma to target her when she went for one, and Yuma kicked her ass *easy*. She needs her *basics*. Then again, Yuma'd beat her anyway, was just *too* easy doin' it like that."

Yuma beams at the praise, leaning into Kyouko's side.

"That's what she's got you for," you say with a grin. "I'm not a melee fighter."

"Yeah, right," Kyouko says with a snort. "Y' say that, but I bet I could kick you into shape. You've got a hammer and all."

"... probably," you admit, wincing. "I mean... yeah, probably. If I had more *time*... but I appreciate the offer."

"Walpurgisnacht," Kyouko mutters, and sighs, chewing thoughtfully. "And you running around all over the place to prepare for it. Christ."

"Not even *just* that," you say, waving your chopsticks at her for emphasis. "It's a big concern, but it's not the only thing. Like... people keep popping up in Mitakihara because of *me*. And I need to handle that, because it's happening *because* of me. I can't leave it to someone else."

"'lil Miss Responsible," Kyouko says. "Right. 'course. Like... whatshername you told me about yesterday."

"Rionna," you say, expression darkening. "Yeah. I just..."

"Eh, stuff it," Kyouko says, flapping her hand at you. "You did what you had to do. Hell, you even told everyone 'bout it. Probably a good idea, make sure the wrong story doesn't get out."

"You..." she starts, before trailing off and scowling. She sets her chopsticks down, giving you a thoughtful look. "Y'know. Most girls who last any amount of time have some dark secrets or whatever. Just kinda happens. You might not be *proud* of it, sure, so work on that for next time, but don't bother spending all that time bitching about it. To yourself or to anyone else."

"I guess," you say. That, from *Kyouko* of all people. Huh. "Thanks."

Kyouko flicks you on the ear, leaning forward across the table to do so.

"Shit happens," Kyouko says. She picks off the last of the vegetables on her plate. "Deal with it."

"Anyway," you say. "Yeah. Shit *did* happen, and I expect shit to *continue* happening."

"That's what it does," Kyouko says, snorting and draining her own glass before standing and heading for the buffet a third time. Yuma lingers at the table, finishing her own plate rather more slowly.

"Yuma knows big sis has trouble spitting out what she wants to say," Yuma says quietly, not looking at you. "But big sis is relaxing."

"Yeah," you agree. She's more... comfortable with you now, you suppose. "I... I'm hoping she'll feel at ease enough to open up soon."

Kyouko returns with an ice cream cone, piled high with chocolate ice cream, Yuma following with a similar one.

"You finished yet?" she asks.

"Uh," you say, looking down at your mostly empty plate. "Sure. Lemme finish up and grab an icecream to go?"

Kyouko shrugs, so you take it as a go ahead to do just that. You scarf up the last bits of food and grab an icecream for yourself before following Kyouko out of the door.

"Where to?" you ask.

"Y' wanted private, right?" Kyouko asks. "C'mon."

She leads the two of you up the buildings and across the city, bounding over the rooftops until you reach a skyscraper overlooking a park - the same park she trains Sayaka at, to be precise. You wind up perching on an antenna spar, Kyouko one rung up with Yuma beside her.

This feels vaguely familiar, really. Do magical girls just come with an affinity for heights or is it just your friends?

"So talk," Kyouko says from above you.

"Do you *really* have to sit up there?" you complain. You can't actually *look* at her without craning your head back.

"Yep," Kyouko says. "Next question?"

"... well, uh... did you want to go first?" you ask, peering out over the park. Is it really a park or a natural reserve of some kind, you wonder. It seems fairly devoid of people, though admittedly it's a weekday morning.

Kyouko sighs loudly and pointedly, Yuma leaning forward to give you a frantic no-no-no look.

"Alright, then, wel-" You're cut off by Kyouko.

"Shuddup," Kyouko says.

Your jaw clicks shut.

Like a cat. A particularly tsundere cat. Slow, careful, don't push too hard.

So instead of talking, you summon a small blob of Grief to your hands, moulding it gently as you wait for Kyouko to work through her thoughts.

"Nakano Mika," Kyouko mutters at last, softly enough that you have to strain to hear her. "The *hell* did you do?"

"I... you know, I just gave her a Clear Seed," you say. "I honestly don't really know her very well. I'm *grateful* for what she's helped us with, but I can't say I actually know her. She's... kind of an odd duck, and that's coming from *me*."

"Dammit," Kyouko mutters. You can hear rustling and a faint thunk from above, as if Kyouko leaned back to thump her head against the metal of the antenna spar. "I owe you. And I owe her."

"Miss Nakano said she considered herself as still owing *me* for the Clear Seed," you say. "And honestly, Kyouko? I... look, *I* don't mind this being written off as being between friends."

You tilt your head back to grin faintly at her.

"It's very selfless of you, but I really don't need repaying for all this," you say. "And I didn't *expect* any. Just... we're friends. I could help, so I did."

"Friends doesn't mean I don't *owe* you," Kyouko bites out. "It- that's my father's church."

---

- [x] Cleanse, refresh her Grief Seeds before leaving
  - [ ] Kyouko
  - [ ] Bring up meeting Mika
  - [ ] Bring up Walpurgisnacht
  - [ ] Bring up meeting Mami as a favour
  - [ ] Something else, details?
  - [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

So it turns out the conference was incredibly busy. On the other hand, my presentation went well, I'm now on vacation after my conference! But I actually have time to update now, so... have an update!
