# Nova Prospekt pt. 9

Ah, Kyouko. Too proud to accept help without making a fuss. Too perceptive for you to lie to, too mistrustful to simply accept it, too dogged for you to brush it off.

Heh. Dogged.

Really, 'cat-like' *works* for Kyouko.

Not that you can blame her for any of it in the slightest, least of all the suspicion. Living on the streets, betrayed by everything, everyone she held dear... And yet she still had it in her to take in a child with no one to turn to. Yuma, still burrowed into Kyouko's side.

You lean back, propping yourself up with both elbows against the antenna spar and tilting your head back to look up at Kyouko. She's looking down at you, a deliberately disinterested look in her dusky crimson eyes. You grin, and hold her gaze, arching one eyebrow.

"Yeah, it's your father's church," you say. "I came out here to help because I wanted to. Because you deserve it. Not to win your favour or anything, you know? I don't..."

"Y' don't *need* it?" Kyouko says, snorting and rolling her eyes. "Gee, thanks."

"Nah," you say, smile still in place. "Nothing like that. I don't *want* you to owe me. I want... well, I want you to do things for *yourself*, not for *me*. I... look, you know what I *do* want? I want you to be happy for yourself. I-"

"Tall fucking order, that," Kyouko grouses, looking away.

You frown slightly, still kneading the Grief thoughtfully in your hands as you consider her. She's not... *uncomfortable*, despite not meeting your eyes any more. There's no tension in her body, no discomfort in her posture or the way she lets Yuma tuck herself into a hug. She's just... reluctant, but she's not angry with you or anything.

Huh.

"You deserve it, you know?" you say quietly. "It's not about you owing it to me, or to anyone else. It's about..." You trail off, chuckling quietly. "I'd say it's about the world owing you better. And since the world ain't coughing up its dues, I might as well."

"Bullshit," Kyouko says. "World doesn't owe me anything."

"I say it does," you say. "Seriously, Kyouko. I don't... *want* anything in return. It's freely offered, from one friend to another."

"I don't..." Kyouko sighs, scrubbing her hand over her face. A worried-looking Yuma has taken possession of her other hand, hugging closer to her. "We're magical girls. We don't *help* each other."

"Big sis..." Yuma says.

"Yeah, *my* turn to call bullshit," you say, shaking your head. "The food chain thing doesn't hold much water, and you know it."

You try to catch Kyouko's eye so you can look meaningfully at Yuma, but Kyouko isn't looking at you. She's staring out towards the river instead.

"I dunno what I've done for you to get all... up on my case," Kyouko says quietly. "I know *she* didn't put you up to this."

And that...

That's as close to a cue as you'll get, you suppose.

"Give me a moment," you say, and switch to telepathy. "*Hey, Mami?*"

"Mrrh," Kyouko grunts. She's still not looking at you, staring out into the distance. Brooding, almost, except that Yuma's cuddled up into her side.

"*Sabrina? I- how are you?*" Mami responds immediately.

"*I'm doing well,*" you say, trying to inject into your mental voice as much as you can of your affection for her. "*How are *you*?*"

"*I'm... doing alright,*" Mami says. "*I keep reminding myself, and it- it helps.*"

"*I'm glad,*" you say. "*I care about you, Mami. Very, very much.*"

There's a catch in Mami's voice when she responds. "*I- I know. And you- you're everything.*"

"*Thank you,*" you murmur quietly. "*I... that said, Mami, I'm sorry to drop off again so soon, but... I need to use a privacy sphere for a bit, if that's OK? It won't be too long, but I need to make sure I'm not being overheard.*"

"*Alright,*" Mami says. "*I'll see you at lunch?*"

"*You will,*" you say firmly. "*And I'll talk to you more before that.*"

"*Alright,*" Mami says again. "*I... talk to you soon, Sabrina.*"

"*Yeah,*" you agree. "*Talk to you soon!*"

You cut the connection and stand, hopping up onto Kyouko's spar. She gives you a suspicious look, one arm wrapped around Yuma.

"Right, sorry," you say, holding up the blob of magic-soaked Grief. "Do you mind if I do something? I want to make sure we aren't overheard for this next bit. It's, uh... gonna feel pretty Witchy."

Kyouko eyes you sidelong, and sighs. "Sure. Do whatever."

"OK, then..." you say, and *focus* for a second. You *know* this particular bit of magic intimately well by now, and it takes form without fuss, enchanted Grief melding into the familiar pattern in an instant. The world blurs beyond arm's reach as the privacy field springs into existence. Just to be sure, you sweep a sandstorm of Grief through the field, checking for any *invisible* interlopers.

Kyouko makes a face, shuffling on the antenna spar as you set the device down between you.

"It's not a physical blockage," you add. "You can walk out any time you want, and I'm not... trapping you here or anything."

"Mmmhm," Kyouko grumbles, waving an arm. "Get on with it."

"Yeah, so..." you say slowly, considering. "Bit of a hairy topic, this. I've been telling my close friends about it, and... look, this *is* something you unquestionably deserve to know."

Kyouko makes a faintly irritated noise and a 'hurry up' gesture.

"Well. I know things that I shouldn't," you say. "I guess you could say it's a kind of magic, but I don't know for sure why or how I know what I do - and mainly, that sums up to... rough backgrounds of a lot of people."

Kyouko doesn't react, other than her jaw tightening a bit.

You hope she's not gearing up to gut you.

"Including you," you add, folding your hands on your lap and trying not to fidget. "Stating the obvious, but... yeah. I more or less know what led to the Sakura church being abandoned, and... well. You deserve good things."

"Fucking hell," Kyouko mutters. "I... fine. What do you *want*? You want to help me? You *have*. What do you *want* from me?"

**\[] How do you respond to Kyouko?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Happy holidays to everyone. I hope you're having a good time!

I'm afraid this isn't a Christmas special update or anything, but I'll be on a plane tomorrow, so, well. That said, I'm aiming for another update this weekend!
