# Nova Prospekt pt. 10

"What do I want?" you ask. "Well that's simple. I-"

Um.

Hm.

What *do* you want?

Yuma giggles quietly at your reaction, and that... *that* gives you an idea. You take a heartbeat to weight *this* particular tack in the face of Kyouko's Kyoukoness before deciding to go for it.

"I... well, you know what? What do *you* want from Yuma?" you say, voice strengthening as you speak. You lean back against the antenna spar, lounging as comfortably as you can on bare metal. "Or what does Yuma want from *you*?"

As blunt as your warhammer. Might as well play to your strengths.

"The fuck do I-" Kyouko's eyes narrow as her brain catches up with her mouth, and her jaw clicks shut, pulling Yuma closer to her with an arm. "That's not the same thing. I damn well know how to handle myself. Better'n *you* do."

"Is it *not*?" you say, gesturing wide. "It's *empathy*, Kyouko. *I want to help*. That's what I want. I woke up with nothing except these weird... *pseudo*-memories in my head of the lives of a bunch of girls I've never met before, and I know just how badly the *world* screwed them over." You flip your hand over, palm open, and then close it into a fist. "Screwed *you* over."

You debate, with yourself, bringing up Mami. You *do* want them to have their reunion. Mami was so *happy* to reconnect with Michiru. And having one of her dearest friends back would only help. But then, for all that Kyouko isn't *quite* as prickly as she used to be...

You can damn well imagine how their meeting would go, here and now, and that would *crush* Mami. That's not going to happen. Not like this. Not until you figure out how to make things *work* for them.

Kyouko's scowl deepens. "So fucking what? I don't *need* to be a charity case for *your* warm fuzzies."

"It's not that, Kyouko," you say with a sharp shake of your head. "Like I said, it's *empathy*. It's basic human nature. I care about people I know. I care about people's happiness and wellbeing and stuff and what do you know? I know the both of you. You and Yuma both."

You continue before Kyouko can say anything.

"If anything, I'm being selfish, you know," you say, folding your arms. "I *want* to help everyone, and fix every*thing*, but I care about the two of you *more* than most other magical girls. Because I'm more affected by what happens to my *friends* and how they act towards me. So I'm here, helping *you*. You asked me what I want, Kyouko? *That*. I want to help. Let me. *Please*."

"Why me?" Kyouko asks quietly. Yuma shifts, quiet and hunched in on herself. Scared. "Why us? The squirt needs someone t' look out for her. I don't."

You shrug, looking out at the blurred world beyond the walls of the privacy field.

"Because I care," you say.

"No, I mean... why? *How*?" Kyouko says.

"Oh," you say, and shrug again. "Honestly, that's a damn good question. I'd really like to know myself."

Kyouko stares at you.

You look right back at her, meeting dusky crimson eyes with your own sky blue.

"You're crazy," she says finally. "You know that, right?"

"Eh," you say. "I prefer *quirky*."

She sighs, digging a handful of sweets out of her pocket. She shares one with Yuma, and offers her hand to you.

"Thanks," you say, picking a yellow coloured one out of the mix. Lemon flavoured, it turns out.

The rest of the sweets go back into Kyouko's pocket as she pulls one open with her teeth, popping it into her mouth. She scowls at you, before flopping down fully on the antenna spar, head pillowed on her arms and one leg folded up. Yuma hugs her up-raised knee, sucking on her own sweet with a faintly worried air.

Yuma's eyes go to you, huge and wordlessly pleading.

"So, uh-" You're cut off by Kyouko.

"Shut up, 'm thinking," she grunts.

You raise an eyebrow, and lean back, shrugging once more. You can let her think, considering the bombs you've just dropped on her. Which... has you thinking about her father.

Her father, who snapped upon finding out that Kyouko had made a deal with the Devil. His own daughter. His flock, his work, his triumph, tainted by the Devil. Everything had come crashing down around his ears, and he'd done the only thing he felt like he could.

But then... there's one little niggling issue that doesn't add up: Kyuubey. It didn't cover things up. It didn't remove Father Sakura's memories, when it *did* remove Sayaka's father's. And *that* turned out rather well for it on both cases, didn't it?

Damn. There is, perhaps, a certain grey area between truthful, honest, and consistent. And assuming *anything* of the literally alien *thing*...

You don't let any of that show on your face, tilting your head back up to look at the sky. It's not like you needed more reasons to *hate* the little white rat, but *that's* a thought to allow to percolate for a bit before telling Kyouko.

"So what d'you know 'bout me? And Yuma?" Kyouko drawls at last, pulling you from those thoughts. "And what now?"

---

- [ ] Write-in response to Kyouko(word count limit: 150 words)

---

Hey, *two* updates a week! Short ones, admittedly.
