# Nova Prospekt pt. 11

You give Kyouko a thoughtful look. She's... taking this a *lot* better than you'd thought she would.

"Eh," you say, rolling your wrist and trying to convey a general notion of ambivalence with that one motion. "That's... pretty much up to you."

You sit up straight, and grin at Kyouko. She looks back at you, careful mask of irritated indifference hiding what she might really be thinking... mostly.

"What I'd *like* for a 'what now' is to tell you what I know," you say. "If you want to hear it. Just so that I can clear the air, so we're fully on the same page and everything. I... honestly, I don't really like keeping secrets from my friends much, which is *annoying* because I have so *many*."

"So tell 'em," Kyouko grunts, scowl deepening. "Tell me."

"Hah," you snort. "Not quite that easy, Kyouko. I mean, what'd have happened if I just walked up and told you, a week ago, that I knew\..." You trail off, grimacing. There's no really *delicate* way to put this. "I knew about your father?"

Kyouko sighs, another wrapper crinkling under her fingers as she pops another sweet into her mouth. She crumples it into a ball and flicks it off the palm of her hand, the wind snatching at it to send it sailing away, down, down, down and *away* into the canyon between buildings.

"I'll drop the topic the moment you ask me to," you say quietly. "But I don't know how else to prove that yes, I really *do* know what happened to your family. I know about your fight with Mami, too."

You fall silent, watching Kyouko for a reaction, and she watches you in turn with hard eyes. The chill wind ruffles your hair and tugs at your clothes, tugs at Kyouko's hair and costume as the moment drags out.

Kyouko chuffs out a breath.

"What's your point?" she asks.

It is *unreasonably* hard to read her. You can read *Homura*, for Madoka's sake, but you have no idea what Kyouko's thinking right now, her mouth twisted into a scowl and expression blank for all that. Annoyance, irritation, certainly, but that's...

That's not what she's *thinking*.

"I'm trying to explain why I've done the things I did. Because look, like I said, I don't *like* lying to my friends." You gesture sharply at them, letting the wave of your hand include Yuma as well. "And *both* of you are my friends. So I want you to know. Like... you and Sayaka. Don't get me wrong, Sayaka needs to learn, and there really isn't anyone better for teaching her."

"But." Kyouko asks, giving you a sharp look.

"But you could have been the best of friends or the worst of enemies, and... not that much leeway in between," you say. "A little to the side, granted. And I'd rather you at least be friends."

"Feh," Kyouko mutters, blowing the hair out of her face. "Yeah, yeah. She's nice enough, I guess."

"Is... is that why you were there?" Yuma asks, peeking out from under Kyouko's arm. "That day?"

"Uh," you say. "Which day?"

"*T-that* day. When big sis was hurt really bad," Yuma says.

Ah. When Yuma made her contract, and the two of you pulled Kyouko out of a Witch's Barrier.

"Not... really," you say. You meet Kyouko's eyes and reach out *slowly* to ruffle Yuma's hair gently. "I don't really see the future, you know? I know some of the past, see what *could* have happened. A handful of... could-have-beens if I hadn't been here to mess things up. Like, the thing with you and Sayaka and being friend or enemies, Kyouko? That was *probably* the case, not necessarily so."

"Oh," Yuma says. She falls silent, fidgeting slightly.

You grin faintly at Kyouko.

"She's better off with you, you know," you say. "That much I know for sure."

"Yeah?" Kyouko asks.

"Yeah. I mean, my knowledge doesn't cover *all* the possibilities, but everything I *do* know tells me she's the happiest she could be under your care," you say, and smile at Yuma. "You take good care of her."

"Big sis is a good person!" Yuma says, nodding frantically.

"She is," you agree, and smile at her. "Which brings me full circle, I suppose. After listening to me talk so much... my point is that there's a *lot* I could do, and I want to help. And also, I have no idea what you're thinking. Please don't stab me."

"Not gonna," Kyouko grunts, and buries her face in the palm of one hand. "Christ."

"I'm sorry," you say. "I know it's a lot. And I'm not... I'm not going to stop helping you. It's just that I want to help you *more*, and I can't really do that unless you accept that help."

"Shaddup," Kyouko snaps. "Thinking."

You make a zipping motion over your mouth and fall silent. Honestly, Kyouko's been shockingly receptive to your revelations so far, more than you could have hoped for. Then again, none of this really... *touches* on her emotional baggage. You have knowledge of touchy *subjects*, but she doesn't seem to hold that against you in the slightest.

... Why is it called 'emotional baggage', anyway, when the term 'grief case' could exist.

Yuma catches your eye. Her hands are fisted in the skirt of her costume, fidgeting with the fabric. You give her a smile, as reassuring a smile you can muster for her.

You're not nervous.

You're not!

Kyouko's not a bad person, and she's pragmatic. She won't push you away. You're just... not sure what it's going to do to your friendship. You're not sure whether she's going to accept your help.

Finally, Kyouko snorts roughly, and starts to stand before scowling at the roof of your privacy bubble and plopping back down on the spar, making the entire structure ring with the impact.

"I need to *move*," she grunts. "Been sitting for too long. You done dropping bombs? If y' are, we're gonna go kill a Witch. Talk on the way."

---

- [ ] Anything more information you need to share under privacy?
- [x] Listen to Kyouko while hunting
- [ ] Any points you want to hit?
- [ ] How hard do you hit the Witch?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Bah, I'd wanted to get this out earlier in the week, but I'm coming down with a cold, I think.
