# Nova Prospekt pt. 12

"Yeah, I'm done with the secrets for now, more or less," you say, and wave a hand. "Just... uh, I put us in this creepy-ass sphere for a reason? I want to keep all these things *private*, so uh, could I ask that you not bring this up without the privacy sphere around?"

Kyouko gives you a suspicious look before nodding.

"Yeah, whatever," she says, shrugging. "Whatever."

Kyouko watches as you dismiss the privacy device, the little Grief construct melting away.

"Bah," she says, hopping to her feet and tugging Yuma up with her as the last wisps of nightmare-purple flow away. "C'mon. We going, or we *going*?"

"We're going," you say, smiling as you grab a hold on the antenna spar and pull yourself upright. You crack your neck from side to side, stretching and savouring the touch of the cool wind ruffling your hair and clothes. "It's your Grief Seed, of course."

"Mmmhm," Kyouko says, and ruffles Yuma's hair. "C'mon, squirt."

"N-no!" Yuma says, stomping her foot. The antenna spar shudders under you with a deep groan and Yuma cringes, looking fearfully at Kyouko.

... You, on the other hand, give the steel structure a quick once-over to make sure it's still sound before looking back at Yuma.

"Uh? What's wrong?" Kyouko asks, blinking.

"Yuma doesn't want you to be angry at each other!" Yuma says. She stares up at Kyouko, fists clenched defiantly but shoulders hunched like she's expecting a blow.

"Oi," Kyouko says. She squats down so that they're level, and gently pulls Yuma into a hug. "Sabrina and I aren't fighting."

"We aren't, Yuma," you affirm, squatting down too.

"You're angry with her!" Yuma says.

"No, I'm not," Kyouko says, pulling back to look Yuma in the eye. There's a faintly quizzical tilt to her brow. "Yuma, what's this about?"

"You were! Yuma could tell!" Yuma protests.

"I... yeah, I was, but I'm not now," Kyouko says. She stands abruptly and pivots around Yuma on the antenna spar to walk over to you. "We're friends now, right, Sabrina?"

"Yup!" you say, flashing Yuma a thumbsup. "We weren't really fighting. Just disagreeing politely with each other."

Yuma looks between the two of you for a moment.

"Hug it out!" she says.

"Eh?" Kyouko says.

"Hug it out!" Yuma demands. "That's what you do after a fight!"

"Uh-" you say.

Kyouko yanks you into a sidelong hug, nearly crushing the breath out of you. "Go with it," she mutters into your ear.

Eh. It's not like you *haven't* been looking for an excuse to give Kyouko a hug, anyway. You turn and do just that, wrapping your arms around her. She makes a grumbling noise in the back of her throat and hugs back properly. You feel your ribs creaking under the force.

... Madokami above, but she's got a grip on her. *And* she's-

She's not even *skinny*. *Homura* is skinny. Malnutrition and hospital stays and neglect. Kyouko has *muscle*, wiry and tough, and she's putting it to good use trying to squeeze the life out of you.

Kyouko lets you go just as suddenly as she initiated the hug, and steps back.

"There," she says. "See, Yuma? We're not fighting any more."

"OK!" Yuma says, suddenly all smiles. "Let's go hunt a Witch!"

Still beaming from ear to ear, she turns and leaps off the antenna spar, taking off from the building below.

Kyouko squints at her for a long, long moment before looking back at you. "Y' get this impression we've just been had?"

You shrug, watching as Yuma takes distinct care to open up a head start before slowing down.

"... cheeky little brat," Kyouko mutters, shaking her head. Without another word, she takes off after Yuma.

You're not entirely sure whether Yuma *was* faking it, you muse as you leap over the rooftops in hot pursuit. A bit of column A and a bit of column B, you suspect. She *was* upset, but she *also* took the opportunity to guilt you into a make-up hug when she saw that you weren't fighting. She's not *that* conniving, but a *bit* conniving.

You nod thoughtfully to yourself as you chase after Kyouko and Yuma... which reminds you of something.

"*Hey, Mami!*" you call cheerfully. "*I'm back!*"

"*Sabrina!*" Mami's voice is bright and pleased. "*How are you? How did everything go?*"

"*It went well,*" you say, smiling warmly. "*How are *you*? How are classes?*"

"*Ah... they're going well,*" Mami says. "*How is everything on your end, Sabrina?*"

"*Pretty well!*" you say, and purse your lips. You *want* to tell her that you're going for a Witch hunt, but you also don't want to tell her who you're going on a Witch hunt *with*. "*I haven't gotten quite everything done yet - most importantly I haven't dropped Rionna's Soul Gem off yet, but I've been bouncing around a bit. Maybe we could go on a Witch hunt after school today?*"

"*I'd like that!*" Mami says happily. "*Do you think our friends would like to come too?*"

"*We won't know until we ask!*" you say, squinting at Kyouko and Yuma. You're catching up to them, you think. "*We can cook something nice tonight.*"

"*We can cook something nice *every* night!*" Mami points out.

You laugh, the wind snatching away the sound as you race after Kyouko. You bound over Kasamino, savoring the rush of adrenaline as you hurtle over the abyss between skyscrapers. Chatter with Mami flows smooth and easy, talking about classes and tentative plans for the night.

A flash of red and motion catches your attention from up ahead. Kyouko points off into the distance with an upraised spear, the morning sun glinting off bare steel for the barest moment before she lowers it and bounds off in the direction indicated. You nod, saying farewell to Mami for now.

A Witch in Kasamino, huh?

Which reminds you that you need to remember to offer cleanses when you leave. But for now, you have a Witch to hunt.

"Finally!" Kyouko drawls as you land on the roof they're on. Another office building, by the looks of it, glowing halfway down the sheer wall.

Then again, office building. It's not like most of them aren't *already* flooded with concentrated miasma of misery on a daily basis, anyway. And suicidal ideation and damn that just got a lot less funny when you think about office worker suicides and Japan. Hell, you've run across a Witch-kissed mass suicide attempt by office workers.

"Well, someone had a headstart," you say, looking around theatrically. "*Two* someones. Now where could the other be..."

Without looking, you reach out and snag Yuma, ruffling her hair. She squeaks, laughing and flailing under your arms, and when you glance up at Kyouko, she's giving you an amused look that immediately morphs into an attempt at a baleful glare.

You snicker.

"You're really just a softy after all, aren't you?" you ask, releasing Yuma and grinning at Kyouko.

Kyouko attempts to light you on fire with her eyes.

You laugh, and hold your hands up. "Sorry, sorry. Penny for your thoughts?"

She scowls, jaw tightening as she looks away from you.

"I don't know how to ask for *help* any more," she bites out, and jerks her head sideways. Towards the Barrier, and she doesn't give you more than a moment to process that before leaping over the side of the building.

Her spear catches the lip around the lip of the roof and slingshots her smoothly into the Barrier, trailing edge of her cassock disappearing just as you reach the edge. Yuma grins at you and throws herself after Kyouko, kicking off the air in a flash of green light and plopping into the glowing hole in reality.

... Yeah, you have no need to prove yourself, and there's no one to show off *to* right now, anyway. You lever yourself over the edge, catching yourself with a bit of Grief and bracing yourself before swinging into the Barrier.

That familiar sensation hits you like a wet slap across the face, febrile fingers creeping down your spine at the sensation of *wrong, wrong, Witch*. The *next* thing that hits you is the *smell* and dear sweet Madokami in heaven why do *so many* bloody Witch Barriers *stink*?

Electrical fire. Burnt plastic and smouldering metal and deep, deep billowing clouds of ashy blackness. Your breathing goes shallow as you look around, trying to keep out as much of the acrid stench as possible. And your visibility goes to nil more than a handful of steps out. Distant, faintly electronic screeching filters through the darkness, too faint to decipher anything more.

"Fucking hell," Kyouko mutters, her spear shouldered as she steps up beside you. The murk swirls around her, black soot already scuffed up her boots and edges of her costume. "Hate these kinds of Barriers. Can't see shit."

"I feel like I *keep* seeing similar ones," you mutter. "Bet it saves on rendering costs."

There's a faint clink and creak as Yuma raises her mace, looking around warily.

"Yeah, well, not like I gotta lotta *choices* on the Witch buffet," Kyouko grouses. "Yuma, which way?"

"Um, um..." Yuma says. Her eyes dart around, the cat ears on her costume perking up.

Kyouko nails you with a *Look*, daring you to bring that up.

You raise both hands.

"That way!" Yuma says, pointing with her mace.

"Bingo," Kyouko agrees. "Go on, then, we'll be right behind you."

"Mmmhm," you agree. With a shrug, a mantle of Grief falls around you, Grief particulate bleeding out of your personal layer of reality and into the air around you. In the inky-black clouds, you can't even pick out the difference, not by eye, but, well. You flex your powers, unlimbered and *ready*.

Yuma advances two steps ahead of you, mace swung lightly over her shoulder with the same insouciant grace you recognise from *Kyouko*. And Kyouko herself paces forward slowly, each step silent on the sooty surface.

She's leaving footsteps behind. Yuma too. You *all* are, pure white footprints every time you lift your foot.

"She's a good girl." Kyouko's low mutter takes you by surprise. "Better than me."

You glance sidelong at Kyouko. You're... well, OK, Yuma's a lot less *jaded* than Kyouko. She hasn't gone through as much as Kyouko has, hasn't had to *do* as much as Kyouko had. It's complicated, but no *way* are you letting that pass without saying something. *After* you see if she's going anywhere with that.

Kyouko slants a look right back at you, sharp and narrow-eyed.

"Shut it," she mutters. "Listen. I don't get how you can be so calm about... all that. What we talked about." She sneaks a glance at Yuma, who doesn't seem to have noticed. Kyouko slows a pace, and pounds a fist to her own chest, smiling bitterly. "There's a place for people like me. Her?"

"She's different," Kyouko says. She rolls her spear across her shoulders as she walks, glaring out into the darkness. "She's got a chance. No, you shut up."

... you were going to wait until she finished, honest! You mime a zipper over your mouth.

"You wanna help," she says, at something approximating a normal volume. "For some godforsaken reason you wanna help, *both* of us. Help *her*. I mean-" Her voice drops again. "Better with *me*? Christ. C'mon, you can do better than that."

She shakes her head.

"Not like... nrrg, listen, I *know* her mother was a shithead," Kyouko says. "And I'm not. Don't... don't *bother* with that. I mean this... day to day. Scrabbling for a *life*. Yuma, wait up."

She opens her stride to catch up with Yuma in a few quick steps, leaving you blinking in the literal dust.

---

- [ ] What do you say to Kyouko? (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Next update will wrap up the Witch hunt, so vote accordingly. Cleansing them and refreshing Grief Seeds will be automatic.
