# Nova Prospekt pt. 14

You fall silent for a second, mulling it over. For Kyouko, it all comes back to a matter of *repayment*. Because she's prickly and prideful and all that, and doesn't want to accept charity. And... like she said, she doesn't know *how* to ask for help any more.

"What I want..." you say, and trail off, shaking your head. You lean back on the sofa, burrowing into the nice soft cushions for a moment as you rethink that. "Y'know. Before I answer, can I just..."

"Sure, sure, whatever," Kyouko says, flapping her hand aimlessly in your general direction, darting a glance at the bathroom. You can hear splashing noises from inside. She nods, and kicks back, propping her feet up on the coffee table.

"Yeah, OK, so... look," you say slowly. "I want to make a point, first. Obviously, the church means a lot to you."

"*Obviously,*" Kyouko grunts.

"Mm," you say. "And I understand that. But for me-"

"Yeaaah lemme stop you right there," Kyouko says, rolling her eyes. "Yeah, it's worth jack shit to you. Y' think I'm stupid?"

"Not at all, actually," you say, folding your hands on your lap. "It's not worth nothing. It's worth my friend's happiness. Yeah, I'm hammering on that particular note, and yeah, me saving it was... I mean, c'mon, I run into a girl named Nakano and she *just so happened* to be the heiress of Nakano Corporation or something? What were the chances? But that's besides the point."

You meet Kyouko's eyes squarely.

"I'd have done a hell of a lot more to help you," you say.

"Yeah, yeah," Kyouko says, looking away. "Get on with it."

"Mm. Well... it comes back to what you can do to repay me, huh?" you say. "Then what I want is really simple. I want to be able to hang out *with my friends*. With everyone safe and happy and able to live their lives, rather than *need* to risk their lives *all the time* just to *survive*."

You lean forward, staring at Kyouko. She doesn't look at you, instead scowling at the blank screen of the television, but you focus your attention on her anyway. You want to get through to her, you want her to *understand* where you're coming from.

"We shouldn't have to hunt Witches to *survive*," you say. "It should be something we do together, to keep people *safe*, and I want to cook a big damned feast and invite all my friends over and, and just *enjoy life* with everyone. *That* is why I made my Wish. Well, that sort of thing, anyway. I *want* to be able to do that."

"Yeah, you're a regular saint," Kyouko grouses, patting her costume down and scowling even harder when she comes up empty. She hops to her feet and wanders over to the fridge, returning with a pair of popsicles, one of which she flips towards you. "What's your point?"

"Simple," you say, catching the ice pop and pointing it at her for emphasis. She unwraps her own and takes a bite, unimpressed. "With everything I know about you, everything you've done, that *place* for 'people like you'? Is with the rest of my friends *living* instead of *surviving*."

Her eyes flicker towards you, anger sparking, but you barrel onwards.

"So, yeah!" you say, waving the ice pop at her. "*That's* what I want. You want to repay me? I don't want you to fight my enemies, or *give* me something, or anything for that. I want you to *fight* to *live*, not just *survive*. That's what I want as *payment*. Are you good for it, or what?"

Kyouko flips you the middle finger, and you raise your eyebrow at her.

"Piss off with that challenge," Kyouko says. "Piss off with- I *know* what I deserve." She closes her eyes, and sighs. "Whatever. Fine. Gimme specifics. What do you want."

"I..." you say, and chuckle. "You're not really getting it. It's not about what I want, it's about what *you* want. Somewhere proper to stay for starters, maybe? I mean, I'm sure the hotels are great, and you don't have to clean up or anything, but you're always having to move around, yeah?"

"It's a living," Kyouko says, and shrugs.

"Is it, though?" you say. "Wouldn't you rather have a place to call home?"

"I *have* a home," Kyouko says quietly. She folds her arms, tilting her chin challengingly at you. "And I think there's a *little* bit of a problem with me 'hanging out with all your friends'."

... you walked right into that.

"Um... Big sis?" Yuma's voice echoes from the bathroom.

"What?" Kyouko asks, not taking her eyes off you.

"Yuma has, um, there's a little problem?" Yuma calls.

Kyouko makes an annoyed sound, taking an impatient bite of her popsicle and hopping to her feet. You swallow the relief bubbling up in your chest - saved, for the moment. At least you get to think a bit. You lean back on the sofa as Kyouko heads over to the bathroom.

"What is it- what the fuck?" Kyouko squawks. You twist about, and raise your eyebrows at the pile of bubbles you can see spilling out of the now-open door and into the corridor. Kyouko skitters back, away from the slowly growing puddle and trying to avoid getting any on her feet.

... OK, you have a *biiiiit* more time to think. Just a bit.

---

- [ ] How do you respond to Kyouko?
- [x] You should probably see about helping out with the mess.
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Woo! Wednesday update. Next one... targetting my Sunday.
