# Nova Prospekt pt. 19

"Haaa..." Sayaka kicks aimlessly at the air, still flopped on her back. "Politics."

"Politics," you agree. "Honestly, I'm not sure if I told you about the *specific* politics here? Mami was there in Sendai with me, so she knows, and I'm pretty sure I brought it up with Homura at some point, but I don't think I mentioned it to you?"

"Hm?" Sayaka says, blinking at you.

"So, Tokyo is *big*," you say. "I mean, that's obvious. Bigger than Mitakihara, even though I'm pretty sure we're a newer city... that's besides the point. Anyway. Tokyo doesn't have Mami, which is also obvious, but what it *does* have is quite a few competing meguca groups. I'm not sure of the specific layout, but they apparently form a coalition, led by a Council."

"Mmm?" Sayaka asks. She motions for you to go on, blue eyes sharp and surprisingly focused.

"There was a girl from Tokyo there at Sendai," you say. "Hamasaki was trying to recruit them for her little war, so they sent a representative, and when Mami, Kirika, and I shut the whole thing down, I spoke to her, asked her to tell the Council about what I was offering. I haven't heard anything substantial back from her since then - apparently because of *politics*, they can't actually agree even though I'm basically offering free stuff."

"Ah," Sayaka says, sitting up. She props her elbows on her knees and her chin on her hands, looking at you thoughtfully. "Politics. So that's why you're wanting to meet with this Osaki group - because you wanna get a, a beachhead. Right now, they're all arguing with *each other*, but once you speak to one of them, they'll all be trying to get to *you*?"

"I sure hope so," you say, nodding in agreement.

Y'know, you shouldn't be surprised, but Sayaka can be surprisingly astute at times.

"Honestly, you should've gotten Madoka and Hitomi in on this," Sayaka muses.

"Um?" You blink at her Sayaka. "What do you mean?"

"Oh, right, you wouldn't've been there," Sayaka says. "You know the Model United Nations thing? We did a junior Model UN last year, the three of us teamed up to represent our class, and we wrecked 'em. Hitomi's absolutely vicious, Madoka's really smart, and *both* of 'em can talk you into selling your own grandmother. Just in different ways."

"Hah," you say, grinning. "I'm not surprised. How about you?"

"Oh, I was just the bad cop," Sayaka says with an easy grin. "Good cop, bad cop. It worked pretty well!"

"I can imagine," you say, matching her easy grin with one of your own. You blink as your brain jumps a few connections, from how unexpectedly *sharp* Madoka can be, to a certain Wish, to Homura. "Also, mostly unrelated, I need to remember to praise Homura sometime. Hrm."

"Eh?" Sayaka says. "What, for putting up with you? I guess I can see that..."

"Jerk," you say, giving Sayaka a half-hearted glare. "No, no, just in general. Unrelated thought, anyway."

Sayaka raises an eyebrow at you but just shrugs and sprawls back over on the floor, apparently content to let that lie. And to let herself lie down. You vaguely wish you could lie down and relax, but you need to pay *some* attention to the terrain, if only to make sure you don't actually take the top off a mountain or something.

Fortunately, it turns out that you don't have to wait much longer before Chouko gets back to you.

"*Miss Sabrina? Miss Miki?*" her telepathic voice sounds in your head as you watch an oddly-shaped cloud go scudding by.

"*Ah! Hello, Miss Tsubaki,*" you say, smiling and straightening a little and catching Sayaka's eye. She raises an eyebrow at you, shrugging. You can feel someone else on the metaphorical line, someone you *don't* recognise.

"*Miss Sabrina, Miss Miki, is Nakahara Kurenai from the Osaki group in Tokyo,*" Chouko tells you. "*Miss Nakahara, these are Sabrina Vee and her teammate, Miki Sayaka.*"

"*Good afternoon, Miss Vee, Miss Miki, I'm pleased to make your acquaintance,*" Kurenai says. Her voice is a pleasant, smooth alto, with an easy confidence that makes you think that she would make a good public speaker. Or perhaps she *is* a practiced public speaker. "*You've made quite the stir in a very short period of time.*"

"*A pleasure to speak to you too, Miss Nakahara,*" you say politely. "*And I don't really look for trouble, I must say. Trouble looks for me.*"

Sayaka gives you a disbelieving look before responding.

"*Good afternoon, Miss Nakahara,*" she says, perfectly formal and polite. "*It's good to meet you, even if only by proxy.*"

"*So, to what do I owe the honour?*" Kurenai asks. "*I've heard of your exploits in Sendai, of course, and I certainly hope that we haven't done anything to deserve such attention.*"

"*I'm here in part because of Sendai, true,*" you say with a mental smile directed in Chouko's general direction. "*But no, nothing of the sort. Miss Tsubaki vouched for you, saying that you were good people, and so...*"

You take a breath, and try to project simple *conviction* into your mental voice. No body language, no facial expression, but...

"*I'm here to *help*,*" you say. "*How much have you heard of what I can do, Miss Nakahara?*"

"*I understand you can cleanse Soul Gems,*" Kurenai says. "*And that comes well attested at being a *true* cleansing, as opposed to simply moving Grief to another receptacle?*"

"*Yep!*" you confirm. "*I've helped Miss Tsubaki's group already. And I can create what I call Clear Seeds, too - I can simply empty out *all* the Grief for a conventional Grief Seed. In principle, one would last through heavy usage for literally years, if not decades.*"

You're being conservative, of course. Don't want to overwhelm her *too* much.

"*I've... heard the rumours,*" Kurenai says.

"*I want to help,*" you echo your earlier words. "*Part of that... I've already given Miss Tsubaki's group a Clear Seed, and I'm sure she can attest to it being effective?*"

"*I can,*" Chouko confirms.

"*Yeah,*" you say, and pause, before cautiously continuing. "*I met Ueda Noa at Sendai. She informs me she presented my offer to... the Council?*"

"*She did,*" Kurenai says, tone even. "*It's been the matter of some debate, Miss Vee, how we should go about accepting.*"

You scowl, eyebrows all but meeting in the middle as you frown. It's an expression Sayaka shares, your friend twitching upright as confusion and annoyance washes over her face.

"*I...*" What the *hell* do they mean, *how* to accept? "*I truly *do* mean it when I say that I want to help, Miss Nakahara. So it doesn't really matter how you accept, as long as you don't use what I offer to *hurt* other people. Magical girls deserve to *live*, not just *survive* and not fight *each other* just to make it another week. Hell, *everyone* deserves that, magical girl or not - I just happen to have the power to help magical girls in particular, and I *want* to help people.*"

You take a deep breath, reining it in. "*To that end, Miss Nakahara, I would like to arrange a meeting in person today, if possible?*"

"*I... we could certainly make the time for you today, Miss Vee,*" Kurenai says. "*When would be viable? Do you need transportation?*"

"*In about twenty minutes or so?*" you say, glancing ahead through the windshield. You can't see Tokyo yet, or at best, it's that vaguely grey smudge on the horizon. "*And no, there's no need, we can make our own way over. Thank you for the offer.*"

"*Then we'll gladly receive you,*" Kurenai says. "*Do you have any particular topics of discussion you'd be interested in, so that we may better prepare?*"

"*Yes, actually. I want to... well, I'm sure some of this can be done by telepathy as I fly over,*" you say. "*I'd like to get your take on the Council, and how I *can* help all of you without causing issues. The last thing I want is to kick off a war in one of the world's densest cities... but I'm not going to let *politics* stop me from helping people.*"

"*I see,*" Kurenai responds. "*I... we are part of the Council, naturally, and I represent our group. I would be glad to give you my impressions, provided it is a personal visit?*"

Sayaka catches your eye, suddenly alert. "*That's* a sign of something," she mutters to you.

**\[] How do you answer?
\- \[] Yes, it's just a personal visit to scope things out
\- \[] No, I'm here to speak officially to the Council
\- \[] Something else?
~~\[] Also, I really want to meet this magical girl who has a boyfriend~~
\[] Any last questions?
\[] What do you want to cover for the meeting?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Well, it's technically Friday, but I'm on schedule, more or less. Aiming to update again on Sunday.
