# Nova Prospekt pt. 22

"Iiiiit sounds like I should meet Chiyoda and discuss things with them sometime over the next few days," you say slowly, taking another sip of your coffee. "She doesn't absolutely call the shots, but she *does* have a lot of say, right?"

Kurenai nods equally slowly, swirling the remains of her expresso about the cup. "If you can convince her of your cause, *most*... *should* fall into line. She has been reticent on the matter."

"Right," you say. "I... might ask you for a telepathic introduction sometime, if that's alright? And in the meantime, can I get her phone... ah, dang. Uhh, SMS should still be fine?" You pull out your phone, waving it at her.

"Ah, you don't have a smartphone?" Kurenai says, peering at your flip phone. "SMS won't be a problem. Here, let me enter it for you..."

"Oh, uh..." you say, rubbing your nose sheepishly. "Could I get contacts for the other groups here in Tokyo, too? Especially the belligerent ones? I'll probably try and get in touch with them, address their concerns and hopefully calm them down?"

"Sure," Kurenai says, holding her hand out for your phone. You pass it over, and she pulls her own phone out, setting it on the table and referring to it as she starts typing.

Sayaka snickers abruptly and turns to you, grinning widely.

"What would Mami think, Sabrina?" Sayaka asks. "Getting numbers from girls you just met?"

"Sayaka!" you complain, elbowing her and failing to suppress your blush. "Besides, she knows that I'm hers."

You shake your head, making a mental note to be *extra* sappy when you next see Mami. It's only right and proper, after all. Yuri catches your eye, smirking and giving you a discreet thumbsup. And so is Haruki, come to that, while Kurenai looks faintly put out. Terumi just looks confused, but happy.

"Oh, hey," Sayaka says. "Do you guys know where that, uh... whatshername? Sabrina, the Tokyo girl you met in Sendai?"

"Miss Ueda? Ueda Noa?" Kurenai says, her attention flicking up from the phones. "I assume, anyway - she was the one who brought back news from Sendai about your offer, Miss Vee?"

"Yeah, that's her," you agree. "What's your question, Sayaka?"

"Which group is she from, how did she present the news, what's their stance on it, that kind of thing?" Sayaka asks.

"Ah," Kurenai says. She frowns, thinking about it for a moment. "She was actually quite clinical about it. I think she was still somewhat stunned at the time, really." She quirks an eyebrow at you. "Perhaps *too* clinical, actually. That said, her group -Ōkubo, in Shinjuku- seem to be quite whole-heartedly for your proposal."

"Right, that's good to know," you say, nodding.

"What do you mean, too clinical?" Sayaka asks.

"It means that an offer like that is simultaneously too good to be true and too disruptive to easily condone," Haruki says. "Imagine if aliens came in to the UN promising free... I dunno, free energy for everyone."

"Essentially, yes," Kurenai says, gesturing at Haruki.

"Ah. Of course. And of course there's discontent about not wanting 'the wrong type' to get it and wanting to be first and all that. Of *course*," Sayaka says. She makes a disgusted face, and knocks back the rest of her milkshake before blinking, apparently thinking of something. But she just shakes her head, keeping it to herself.

"It's human nature," Haruki opines.

Terumi looks down at her lap. You don't have to be an empath to read her mood, either, and you're not the only one to notice. Yuri reaches out to ruffle her hair gently.

"I'll make it work," you promise quietly. You lean forward, your eyes boring into Kurenai and Terumi and Yuri and, yes, Haruki. "There *is* a way forward, some way for all of us to be *better* than this. Better than the crab bucket, better than this *fear* and have to scrabble just to *survive*"

"I wish you luck," Kurenai says. She puts her phone back into her pocket, handing yours back. "The group representatives, Miss Vee. I labeled them all 'Tokyo - group name - name', just for clarity."

"Ah, that's a good idea, thank you," you say, scrolling through your list of contacts, which Kurenai's additions have more than doubled. "Thank you."

"You are very welcome, Miss Vee," Kurenai says, and smiles faintly. "As I said, I wish you luck, and hope you succeed."

"I *will*. It's why I'm here," you say. "Sayaka, do you have any questions or... ah, do *you* have any questions for me, Miss Nakahara? I realise I've been monopolizing a lot of your time with my questions."

"Your questions have themselves been informative," Kurenai says with a smile. "I'm glad to know that you intend to at least try to work with the existing groups."

"... I don't have that bad a reputation, do I?" you ask. "I guess I was a bit heavy-handed in Sendai..."

"Not at all," Kurenai says. "Quite the opposite, actually, but in many ways you seem too good to be true. I'm sure you've heard that one before."

"Yeah, I... guess I can see that," you agree. "Still. Any questions?"

"Well, really, we have two options ahead of us," she says. "I can disbelieve what you've said, and suspect some kind of ulterior motive. But what would be the point?" She shrugs. "The only thing I'd really want to know is what you plan to do in Tokyo, but *you're* uncertain on that point."

... You love it when people are *reasonable*, you really do.

"Actually, I've got a question," Yuri says, levelling her spoon at you. "What *would* you do if you can't convince people?"

"I..." you hesitate. "It's free cleansing. For life. Who wouldn't want it?"

"Like you said, crab bucket," Yuri says. "Besides, Meiji doesn't."

"... honest answer? I'll probably keep hammering at the problem, until I figure something out," you say. You pause, and snicker. "*Hammering*. Sorry, stray thought - my weapon's a hammer and all that. Get increasingly frustrated the entire time, but I'd keep talking and try and figure something out. Like... if people are *people*, if they're not *monsters*..."

You shake your head.

"It's about people. It's *always* about people," you say. "It's about saving people, it's about *doing good*. I have the power to *help*, it's what I *wished* for, it's what I'm *here* for."

Yuri nods, seemingly satisfied with that answer.

"Anything else?" Kurenai asks, glancing around her team. Nobody says anything, so she smiles at you. "Thank you for your time, Miss Vee."

"And thank you for yours," you say. You stand and offer your hand to shake. "I'm sorry I didn't get to meet Miss Chiaki."

"Not as sorry as she is to have missed you," Kurenai says with a faint grin. "She's... interested."

"Well, maybe next time," you say.

"Thanks for meeting us," Sayaka agrees.

You exchange your farewells with the other girls and Haruki, signing a quick good day to Terumi who brightens and waves a goodbye to you as you depart for the roof. You'd thought about seeing some sights, but you don't *quite* have the time for that. Maybe you'll make a full day of it next time.

"Hmm," Sayaka says as you make your way up to the roof.

"Just 'hmm', hmm?" you ask, making a face at her. You have your Grief reaching out ahead of you, building a flight platform.

"Hmm!" Sayaka agrees, and flashes you a cheeky smirk.

"You looked like you had a thought back there," you prompt.

"Oh, that," Sayaka says. "So... I'm a clone, right? Two things." She counts off on her fingers. "First, do I actually need to fly back with you? Two, I'm a clone. That means I get to pig the heck out on whatever I want to eat with no worries about calories."

"We're magical girls, we don't get fat, anyway," you say. "Though that's a good point. Tokyo has fantastic food, and next time we should make a proper trip out of it and see the sights maybe."

"With Mami\~?" Sayaka teases.

"Well, duh," you say. "Also, if you *don't* fly back with me I'm going to be very bored. It's a long trip."

"Meh," Sayaka says, snickering. "Fine, fine. Since you insisted."

"Am I *that* much of a pain?" you ask, rolling your eyes.

Sayaka pointedly doesn't answer, grinning and hurrying on ahead of you, two steps at a time.

"You're an ass," you call after her. She's already made it to the roof, hopping onto the flight platform and sprawling out on the ground.

As you lift off, she speaks again.

"So... memory magic," Sayaka says.

"Yeah, that was what I thought too," you agree, carefully maneuvering away from the buildings of Tokyo. Goddess, but this place is *dense*, skyscrapers all clawing for space and air like a mad architect's dream. "I didn't want to dig too hard into that, especially not to their faces."

... y'know, you're *pretty* sure that a Wish was responsible for the sheer absurdity of the architecture, so perhaps that comment wasn't that far off.

"And not with me around, hm? Yeah, makes sense. But ugh, memory magic," Sayaka says, and shudders theatrically before kicking her feet out and sitting up, frowning at you. "I... I'd hate that. I'd hate to get my memory erased or modified or something."

"It's not exactly optimal, yeah. And I don't exactly approve," you say. "I don't... well, obviously someone at Chiyoda, and they use it to keep the peace. Like... you notice that according to the story, Meiji came in angry after losing one of their own, then Toshimichi came in and ejected them from the meeting?"

"That seems like a completely stupid thing to do," Sayaka says. "I'm guessing that's not the *real* story."

"Yeah, well," you say, scowling at the windscreen. You're suspecting that *someone* learned the true nature of Witches, most likely in the hardest way possible, and that it's the reason for Meiji's current belligerence.

"It's kind of horrible," Sayaka says. She shuffles up beside you to watch the vast metropolis of Tokyo slowly recede beneath you, silver towers becoming a forest of pillars. "And the worst part is that they don't seem to notice? It's some kind of a... rationalizing amnesia, they fill in the empty gaps and they don't question the blanks."

"Yeah, I noticed that," you agree. "It's genuinely kind of scary."

Sayaka folds her arms, making indistinct grumbling noises. "... hah. I'm a clone. I bet they can't modify *my* memory. Y'know, *me* me."

"Do you *really* want to test that?" you ask. "Also, so... what's your take on all that?"

"I guess not," Sayaka agrees. "Hrm. Osaki's working an angle, obviously. They wouldn't have met you today if they weren't. Thing is, I'm guessing their angle involves getting free stuff for themselves, which in this case is you."

"I... agree, yeah," you say. "Hrm."

"They're probably reporting the groups accurately," Sayaka says. "Kind of useless to give us the wrong info there, anyway, but the thing about aggressive and not is... I mean, sure, obviously they're pushing borders. Why? Because they know about the secrets? Is there something to be gained from pushing borders?"

"More territory, more Witches," you say. Sayaka's got the wrong end of the stick here, you think, but you can't clarify without tipping her off about those secrets.

"... also, I gotta say, the fixed territories are interesting," Sayaka says. "I wonder why they're fixed?"

"Uh?" you say. "They are?"

"Yeah..." Sayaka says, trailing off with a shrug. "I dunno, I find it kind of weird. That's all. And... we really need to talk to this Miss Toshimichi to... do business here, I guess. It's not even what Miss Nakahara said, not that she calls the shots, but because she's the one who can actually give a real overview, I guess?"

"Hrm," you say. "Yeah. Makes sense. I wonder if Homura would know?"

"Worth asking, right?" Sayaka says.

**\[] Talk to Sayaka on the way back...
\- \[] Speculate with her about the territories?
\-- \[] Write-in ideas?
\- \[] Speculate with her about Chiyoda?
\-- \[] Write-in ideas?
\[] When you get back
\- \[] Hit up another IRC, pick a geographical area
\-- \[] Elsewhere in Japan
\-- \[] Korea
\-- \[] China
\-- \[] South-east Asia
\-- \[] Australia
\-- \[] Somewhere else?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

So, much like Homura's Book of Witches, I'm not going to list all the groups, but if you want to contact any one of them, just say so.
