# Nova Prospekt pt. 24

You bite your lip.

Damn it.

It *would* be obvious at this point. They're in the same class, you all walk to school together in the mornings and eat lunch together and Madoka probably holds them all together. Add in how delicate you are about some of these matters, and Sayaka... Sayaka's *not* stupid.

Not an idiot at all, for all that she acts like one at times.

You slow the platform to a halt over long minutes, Sayaka's attention returning to the outside as if her question -and your answer- were of no import. But you can feel the curiosity in her gaze, gnawing at you even as she braces and weathers the brutal crush of deceleration without complaint.

You don't have enchanted Grief with you, nor do you have longer minutes to create a privacy device. The former of which is a mistake, and you should probably try to always have *some* on you at all times. It's way too useful. But that aside, you can shade the windows to total opacity, leaving the two of you in total darkness.

Darkness, until Sayaka holds her Soul Gem up, a gentle blue glow lighting up the stark, midnight black purple of your flight platform.

"That serious?" she asks, raising an eyebrow at you.

"Serious enough," you say, shrugging. "I just..."

You pinch your nose. "I..."

"It's OK, Sabrina," Sayaka says. "You don't have to."

"I just... I *want* to talk about it," you say. You take a deep breath and straighten, meeting her eyes. "I *want* to tell you about it, but it'd be a breach of Homura's trust, and I can't."

"It's definitely something to do with Madoka," Sayaka muses quietly. "But she hardly *knows* Madoka."

"I..." you run your hand through your hair, messing up already ruffled locks. "You *have* the right to know, but I *can't* tell you." You give her an intent look. "I want to. Believe me, I want to, but it'd be a breach of Homura's trust. Homura doesn't trust easily. It's hard enough for her to trust me -to trust *anyone*- at all."

You close your mouth, stopping short of telling her anything *specific*, because you're afraid that alone might hurt Homura.

Sayaka shakes her head, holding both hands up. "Hey. Chill, Sabrina, I'm not *that* upset," she says. "You're more upset about this than *I* am."

"I..." You close your eyes, covering your face with one hand. "No. Not exactly. It's just that you absolutely have the right to know. Madoka's your best friend. You *should* know, and I hate keeping secrets from my friends. Which is *stupid*, because I'm sitting on *all* the secrets."

"Yeah, well," Sayaka says. "I'm curious! I'm definitely curious and a bit concerned and I want to know, because this is *weird shit*. It's weirder than the fact that I'm a *magical girl*, hell, it's weirder than the fact that I'm a *clone*. But... I trust you. I trust Mami, I trust Homura. You'll do the right thing, and I'll support and help you."

You hear her shuffling across the platform until she's right by you, wrapping her arms around your shoulders in a quick, awkward hug.

"It's fine, Sabrina, it really is," she says.

You manage a faint laugh. "Dammit. I'm supposed to be comforting and helping and all that," you say. "I'm not... bah, I'm not that upset either. Just... I'm trying to be as honest as I can with you, which is unfortunately not much, and I'm *irritated* by that."

"I can live with not knowing for now," Sayaka says, shrugging.

"Yeah, well..." you say. "Homura is a *hero*, in the truest sense of the word. She's suffered in the course of trying to attain something seemingly *impossible*. And I can't tell you anything more, because... well, trust."

You take a deep breath. "I get why you'd ask," you continue. "Madoka's your best friend, yeah? I've tried to convince Homura to tell you, but it touches... it touches on some serious trauma for her. I can't possibly pressure her into telling, you know? But I can tell you she has reasons for all this, and all the *secrets*. Good reasons, and they make sense with the context, but... only then."

"But you're helping her, right?" Sayaka says.

"Yeah. I've been talking to her about it, but..." you say. "It's a lot."

Sayaka snorts, apparently amused. You can see her quirked eyebrow, the blue glow of her Soul Gem casting soft shadows across her face and dappled across the wall of your flight platform.

"You *would*," Sayaka says. "Of *course* you'd try to disentangle this... whatever it is." She shakes her head. "OK. I trust you. I won't bother Homura about it, either."

"... thanks, Sayaka," you say. "And just... things are hard for her. Be patient with her, OK?"

"Yeah," Sayaka says. "Of course. I got that impression of her a long time ago, honestly. Not like it's actually hard to *notice* when you really talk to her. She's... not really used to happiness, is she?"

"Yeah," you say with a sigh. "Pretty much. I... anyway. Yeah. Let's get moving again."

You set the platform in motion again, unshading the windows and raising chairs to brace against the acceleration as you pour on the speed. You're making up for lost time, now, and you still intend to try and hit up an IRC before meeting with Mami.

You stew in silence as you watch Japan blur past far, far below, brooding about Homura's situations and all these blasted *secrets*. You have to keep these secrets. And Chiyoda for all their probable memory wiping shenanigans, if they're keeping the truth about *Witches* away from the magical girl populace... you don't approve in the slightest, but you understand why they'd want to.

Sayaka seems content to be quiet too, lost in her own thoughts.

A thought strikes you as Mitakihara looms into view, and you straighten.

"... hey, Sayaka?" you say. "A... thought. Can eyes be blonde? I mean we have black hair and black eyes and brown hair and brown eyes and blue hair and blue eyes and all that."

Sayaka squints at you, raising her finger. Her jaw works silently for a moment before she shuts her mouth with a click and shakes her head.

"... no, no they can't," she says. "Because brown and black and blue are just *colours* in general, but blonde is a *hair* colour. Also, go compose poetry to Mami in your own time."

"That's... that's not what I was doing," you protest. "Really it wasn't!"

"Uh-huh," Sayaka says. "Sure."

"... I feel maligned," you say.

"'Maligned'? Seriously?" Sayaka stares at you. "Who *says* that?"

"Now you're just nitpicking," you grumble, folding your arms and huffing. You're perfectly aware that it makes you look childish, but it also perfectly fits right now. So there.

Sayaka laughs, and just like that, your black mood is gone. You're almost home, anyway, with Mitakihara glittering on the horizon, the spiderweb of roads tracing the coastline thickening as you approach the city.

"We've got..." you check your phone. "Half an hour, roughly, before school ends. Wanna hit the library or something? I wanna try looking for some local magical girl IRCs."

"Eh, I'll pass," Sayaka says, waving it off. She grins at you. "You good from here?"

"Yeah," you say. "Thanks for keeping me company on the way back."

"Cool," Sayaka says. "Later, then!"

She collapses into wisps of smoke, waving a goodbye to you as you hit the outskirts of Mitakihara and leaving you alone.

... you know, you say library, but that seems like a lot of trouble when you can just swerve right *here* and head home to use Mami's computer for a bit. It's not like you'll be spending long, anyway, but you set an alarm on your phone just to be sure.

You land on the roof amidst a cloud of dissolving Grief, dropping straight through the former floor of your flight platform as it melts away around you in a billowing cloud of nightmare purple and giving your coat a flick before heading down the stairs. Hah. Who says you can't do stylish?

... it feels weird to be home without Mami. You kick your shoes off and pull the curtains open to let the light in and the windows open so that there's some air, but not having Mami here makes it feel empty.

You brush that thought off and head for the study. It's not like you won't be back soon anyway, *with* Mami and Sayaka and perhaps Madoka and Homura and maybe, just maybe, Hitomi. Perhaps they'll have some time for you to pick their brains about the politics of Tokyo.

A thought pulls that scrap of paper from its shell of protective Grief, depositing it neatly in your hand as you boot the computer up. You squint at Nadia's cramped handwriting, searching for a likely selection. Something closer to home, maybe...

A Japanese IRC room, it looks like. If you're reading Nadia's notes correctly, this one's based around a few groups in Kyushu. Far, far to the south of Japan, where you don't exactly have much reach yet. That sounds perfect. You slap the enchanted Grief down on the table where it blobs like a lump of plasticine.

> \[15:02:39] \*\*\* Guest02149 sets mode -r on Guest02149
> \[15:02:39] \*\*\* Guest02149 joined #nyantokanyaru
> \[15:02:45] \*\*\* Guest02149 is now known as GriefBeGone
> \[15:02:53] \<TheWall> oh hello
> \[15:02:58] \<GriefBeGone> Hi!
> \[15:03:02] \<yugito\_is\_my\_wife> hello!
> \[15:03:49] \*\*\* yugito\_is\_my\_wife is now known as Hatsumi
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You squint at that chat name for a second. That is *definitely* a pun. 'It'll work out', but *cat*.

> \[15:03:53] \<GriefBeGone> hi everyone
> \[15:04:28] \<GriefBeGone> I'm sabrina vee from mitakihara
> \[15:04:47] \<GriefBeGone> I got your IP from Nadia Bennouna
> \[15:04:49] \<TheWall> wait, sabrina vee
> \[15:04:58] \<TheWall> hold up
> \[15:05:16] \<Hatsumi> we've heard rumours
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You blink. You're not entirely surprised, you suppose. Your name *would* have spread that far, you suppose, if by word-of-mind alone. Idly, you pull up a second tab to make an email account for yourself while continuing to chat.

> \[15:05:58] \<GriefBeGone> nothing bad, I hope?
> \[15:06:21] \<Hatsumi> no, byt...
> \[15:06:56] \<Hatsumi> are we gonna have a problem?
> \[15:07:24] \<GriefBeGone> no? why would we?
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

There's a distinct dearth of response for a moment, and you drum your fingers against the table, curious and... maybe just a bit concerned. You're just about to type something again when something new pops onto the screen.

> \[15:08:22] YatanoKagami joined #nyantokanyaru
> \[15:08:35] \<TheWall> there we are
> \[15:08:40] \<GriefBeGone> hello!
> \[15:08:47] \<YatanoKagami> good afternoon!
> \[15:08:51] \<GriefBeGone> so, um, what's this about?
> \[15:09:11] \<YatanoKagami> I was about to ask \*you\* that, Miss Vee
> \[15:09:13] \<GriefBeGone> well
> \[15:09:34] \<GriefBeGone> I'm reaching out to various groups of magical girls and introducing myself
> \[15:09:49] \<GriefBeGone> and to generally get a feel for people
> \[15:10:12] \<Hatsumi> so youre not here because of me?
> \[15:10:28] \<GriefBeGone> no?
> \[15:11:01] \<Hatsumi> oh
> \[15:11:02] \<Hatsumi> ok
> \[15:11:45] \<TheWall> what she means is
> \[15:11:59] \<TheWall> she's a grief controller
> \[15:12:08] \<TheWall> heard you're one too
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You blink at the screen. Huh. Your eyes flicker to the time - you've got just over five minutes before you need to get moving again to make it to Mitakihara Middle School. Enough time for a quick conversation to clear this up, you hope.

---

- [ ] How do you respond to them?
  - [ ] Any points to hit in your conversation with them?
- [x] Head off to meet Mami and the rest of your friends at school
  - [ ] Anything to discuss when you meet them?
- [x] Talking to Homura
  - [ ] What about?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Apologies for how long this took.
