# Nova Prospekt pt. 25

Your fingers rest lightly on the keyboard for a moment as you think. You kind of want to tease them a bit. Joke around, set them at ease because they're *nervous*. Tone carries poorly over text, and yet you can feel the jittery, anxious energy radiating from the screen.

*Are we gonna have a problem?*

And the moment you showed up, they ran for... presumably the leader of their group, to present a strong facade.

No, you're not going to let this stand, either way, even if you can't really *joke around*. There's a time and a place and this is not it.

> \[15:12:56] \<GriefBeGone> yeah, I am
> \[15:13:00] \<GriefBeGone> but no
> \[15:13:11] \<GriefBeGone> I have no special problems with other Grief controllers
> \[15:13:27] \<GriefBeGone> seriously I'm just here because I got your IP out of nadia bennouna
> \[15:13:31] \<YatanoKagami> That's good to know
> \[15:13:39] \<TheWall> see nodoka?
> \[15:13:41] \<TheWall> it's fine
> \[15:13:48] \<GriefBeGone> sorry for the scare
> \[15:14:02] \<GriefBeGone> idk what you've heard but I don't actually go around knocking over towns or anything
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You hesitate, frowning at the time. Not much time to go before you have to *go*. Not much time at all. Your fingers fly over the keyboard, hammering the keys with magical girl speed, a constant click-clack blurring into rapidfire chatter.

> \[15:14:09] \<GriefBeGone> ok sorry I gtg really soon so I'm gonna word diarrhea a bit
> \[15:14:14] \<GriefBeGone> got just a few minutes til my girlfriend's out of school
> \[15:14:18] \<GriefBeGone> and again yes I do control Grief, and I had a ton of potential so I can genuinely cleanse Soul gems for free
> \[15:14:23] \<GriefBeGone> you can confirm this with nadia if you want, I demonstrated for her
> \[15:14:27] \<GriefBeGone> and I'm here because I want to \*help\*. 'with great power comes great responsibility' and all that
> \[15:14:31] \<GriefBeGone> anyone who's not an evil asshat, who won't use unlimited power for evil? I want to help.
> \[15:14:33] \<GriefBeGone> I didn't actually know you had a grief controller
> \[15:14:36] \<GriefBeGone> you'd think nadia woulda mentioned it
> \[15:14:38] \<GriefBeGone> but oh well
> \[15:14:39] \<GriefBeGone> no harm done
> \[15:14:41] \<GriefBeGone> now that I do know I'd love to chat properly sometime, sempai
> \[15:14:45] \<GriefBeGone> sorry for the wall of text but yeah there you go
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You nod to yourself and sit back, eyeing the screen. Hopefully you haven't scared them *more* with the barrage.

> \[15:15:00] \<YatanoKagami> we're glad to hear that you have good intentions, miss Vee
> \[15:15:04] \<TheWall> yeah
> \[15:15:16] \<TheWall> we hear you shut down sendai?
> \[15:15:25] \<GriefBeGone> I wasn't alone
> \[15:15:37] \<GriefBeGone> mami, kirika, me
> \[15:15:56] \<GriefBeGone> but yes, we intervened to stop the fighting and negotiated a peace
> \[15:16:12] \<GriefBeGone> I'm helping the groups get back on their feet, too
> \[15:16:29] \<GriefBeGone> actually out of curiosity, how did you hear?
> \[15:16:54] \<YatanoKagami> rumour spreads fast
> \[15:17:13] \<YatanoKagami> friend of a friend of a friend, from fukushima
> \[15:17:21] \<GriefBeGone> ah ok, that does make sense
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

At least they didn't hear it from Kyuubey, you can't help but think. You still can't put it past the little bastard of an alien to spread false rumours about you. And speaking of which, you feel like you haven't seen it in a while, which is a little concerning.

> \[15:17:24] \<GriefBeGone> anyway
> \[15:17:30] \<GriefBeGone> do you have any questions for me?
> \[15:17:38] \<YatanoKagami> what are your intentions?
> \[15:17:37] \<GriefBeGone> and are you in urgent need of cleansing or grief seeds?
> \[15:17:41] \<GriefBeGone> well
> \[15:17:44] \<GriefBeGone> if you need aid, I can probably be there by the end of the day
> \[15:17:49] \<GriefBeGone> otherwise I'm really just here to say hi, and maybe I'll visit soon if you want?
> \[15:17:53] \<GriefBeGone> oh and before i forget here's my email address
> \[15:17:54] \<GriefBeGone> [\[email protected\]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#f4879596869d9a95da829191da999d80959f9d9c958695b49399959d98da979b99)
> \[15:18:12] \<YatanoKagami> no, we're not urgently in need
> \[15:18:20] \<YatanoKagami> but the offer is appreciated!
> \[15:18:27] \<TheWall> yeah definitely
> \[15:18:35] \<YatanoKagami> and we'd be open to you dropping by
> \[15:18:48] \<Hatsumi> sorry about earlier
> \[15:18:56] \<Hatsumi> didn't mean to offend
> \[15:19:14] \<GriefBeGone> nono, I'm not offended
> \[15:19:17] \<GriefBeGone> I was worried I'd upset \*you\*, and I'm sorry about that
> \[15:19:20] \<GriefBeGone> anyway I'm really sorry again but I have to run
> \[15:19:21] \<GriefBeGone> gotta go meet mami up from school
> \[15:19:22] \<GriefBeGone> it was nice meeting you and please feel free to email me, and I'll be in touch sometime soon hopefully!
> \[15:19:30] \<YatanoKagami> good bye!
> \[15:19:32] \<TheWall> take care!
> \[15:19:40] \<Hatsumi> bye!
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You smile faintly at the screen. That went OK, you think to yourself as you shut the computer down and snatch the enchanted Grief from the desk, a touch of will setting it floating away into the rest of the cloud. You hurry out of the apartment, locking the door behind you and sprinting up the stairs three at a time, wings already sweeping out from your back as you hit the roof.

Ten minutes is... actually plenty of time to get to school on wing, but still, you don't want to be *late* for that.

You tear across Mitakihara, dropping into that same alleyway with three minutes to spare. You stride out, hands tucked into the pockets of your slacks, and head over to the gate. You trade nods with the truancy officer, rocking back and forth lightly on the balls of your feet as you wait.

You don't have long to wait, the school bell splitting the air a few minutes later. You can't help the smile that rises to your face in anticipation, either, as you watch the school doors eagerly.

And you're rewarded for your patience - Mami bursts from the school door, bag bouncing on her shoulder as she hurries to meet you. Not quite a sprint, but you're laughing when she crashes into you and you sweep her off her feet in an exuberant hug, planting a kiss on her cheek. She squeaks, blushing red, and melts into your arms as you gently set her down.

"Hey," you say, beaming at her.

"Hi, Sabrina," she says, looking up at you with shining eyes.

"How are you?" you ask.

"Better now," she says. She cuddles into your arms, leaning her cheek against your shoulder. "I... it gets easier, knowing that you're waiting for me. How was the trip back from Tokyo?"

"Mostly uneventful," you say. "I'd love to discuss the visit in Tokyo with you in more detail, but- ah! Yes, after we got back, I had a bit of time, so I headed home, and I decided to drop by one of the IRCs Nadia gave me? Based in Kyushu, and... hm. I think I want to tell *everyone* about that one, so... we'll wait for the others to get out?"

"That makes sense," Mami agrees. She shifts a little, nudging you, and without letting her go, you both make your way off to the side of the gate so as to not impede the flow of students out of the school. You get a few looks, but you really can't bring yourself to care, not with Mami tucked happily against your side.

The rest of your friends arrive in short order - Homura and Sayaka and Madoka and Hitomi. Sayaka waves energetically at you, like you hadn't just seen her less than half an hour ago, but you wave back anyway.

"Yooo," she calls as they all catch up. She's still carrying Hitomi's bag in addition to her own, both hefted comfortably over her shoulder. "How'd it go?"

"Hey everyone," you say, beaming at your friends. You flash Homura a warm smile, too. It's still good to see her together with the group - and you'd scheduled a moment to talk to her after school. "It went well, Sayaka - how's everyone?"

"Quite well, thank you," Hitomi says with a smile. "Classes today were uneventful, though we have a group project to work on."

"Mm!" Madoka agrees. "Saotome-sensei has, ah, settled down a bit."

"Surely she hasn't settled down *with* someone?" you ask, and wave down the street. "Walk and talk?"

"Pretty sure the world would end if she did," Sayaka says, obligingly starting along the pavement. "Nah, she's just, uh, between events right now. So, the IRC?"

"Ah," you say. "Also, you should've just stayed if you wanted to know so badly."

"Eh, I'm curious," Sayaka says. "But not *that* curious."

"Right... for context, I went and poked at one of the IRCs Nadia directed me to? Kyushu island." You summarize for Homura, Madoka, and Hitomi's benefit before continuing. "Made contact, they seem nice enough, but they were nervous as hell, because... it turns out they have a Grief controller, too!"

"Oh," Madoka says, blinking.

"Didn't Miss Bennouna say that Grief controllers tend to be, uh..." Sayaka trails off, groping at the air as if trying to find a word.

"Yeahhh," you say. "She *seemed* to be on the level, though. And extremely nervous, because they'd heard about me and Sendai, and were afraid I might come knocking simply because they had a Grief controller."

Mami purses her lips thoughtfully. "Miss Bennouna didn't mention that they did."

"Maybe she didn't know?" Sayaka says.

"I mean, she makes it her business to know these things, doesn't she?" you say.

"Perhaps... but it suggests, then, that at the very least she hadn't heard anything *bad* about them," Mami says. "Grief controllers can't... can't really *hide* if they've been using their powers on people."

"Yeah, I suppose so," you say, grimacing. It's even true for you.

"Oh, I-" Mami freezes for a second, clutching your arm. "I- I didn't mean you, Sabrina."

"No, no, you're right," you say, pausing in your tracks to wrap her in a tight hug. "You're right. *I* can't exactly hide what I do, nor do I want to. And it sounds like that girl from Kyushu was at the very least ashamed, if she'd done anything."

Mami nods, hugging back.

"Do you know their names?" Homura asks.

"No, actually," you say. "Nadia never wrote down their names, and uh... I've got their screennames? Hatsumi was the Grief controller, there was another girl called 'TheWall', and the girl who I'm pretty sure is the leader went by 'YatanoKagami'."

Hitomi sniffs disdainfully. "That's a bit arrogant."

"Hmm?" you say.

"Yata no Kagami, the sacred mirror forged by Ishikoridome," Hitomi says. "It's part of our Imperial Regalia."

"Ahh, it's just a nickname," Sayaka says. "There's a thousand people calling themselves Amateratsu or Susanoo or whatever. Hell, 'Kusanagi' is a *surname*."

Hitomi shrugs.

"Sono Mako, I suspect," Homura murmurs, frowning. "Kagoshima. Her magic lets her redirect energy and magic."

"Ah, I think I've heard of her," Mami says. "Vaguely. She's supposed to be quite powerful, isn't she?"

Homura nods slightly, catching your eye - and yes, that name twigs your memory. She'd brought her up before, as someone who would be worth recruiting to face Walpurgisnacht.

Huh. There's a bit of serendipity.

"Ahhh, that's kinda cool I guess," Sayaka says, lacing her fingers and pushing them over her head to stretch. "Hey, we're on for enchantment practice today, right? Madoka, Hitomi, d'you wanna come?"

"Ah..." Madoka hesitates. "I'd like to!"

"I would not mind; we could discuss the project," Hitomi says. "Let me call my parents?" She pulls her phone out, drifting to the side of the group to dial.

"You're all welcome, of course," Mami says with a smile.

"The enchantment practice is probably gonna be pretty boring, though," you warn, catching Homura's eye. She holds your gaze for a split second before giving you an infinitesimal shrug. "I mean, unless you like to see me break things. I'm *bad* at it."

Madoka giggles, tapping out a message on her phone. "We can discuss the group project! And do our homework."

"Great!" Sayaka says, bouncing happily on her toes.

"Homura, you're coming too, right?" you say with a smile. She nods, and you grin at her. Time to fatten her up more. "Fantastic! C'mon, everyone, this way then."

You herd everyone down a different turn, rather than the usual path you take. Slightly shorter path back home, since you're all headed in the same direction. You link arms with Mami as you walk, smiling warmly at her.

"I won't be able to stay for dinner, unfortunately," Hitomi says, thumb over the mic on her phone. "Though, ah, my mother would like to know if you'd be open to coming over for dinner on this Saturday? She said she'd mentioned it to you when you visited on Monday."

Huh. You blink at Hitomi - you'd almost forgotten about that, the suggestion rather overwritten by the fact that Hito-mommy knew about magical girls. And she *had* wanted to discuss the matter with you in more detail at a better time.

**\[] How do you answer Hitomi?
\[] Afterwards...
\- \[] Talk to Homura first in timestop
\-- \[] Oriko's clairvoyance
\-- \[] The Kyushu IRC group
\-- \[] Sayaka's starting to figure things out
\-- \[] Tokyo
\- \[] Enchantment practice first
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

I'll be aiming for a Thursday update this time.
