# Nova Prospekt pt. 30

It turns out the tea can, in fact, wait for a second. The water needs to reach a boil, anyway, and you spend that time cuddling Mami, which she is *more* than happy to reciprocate.

Ultimately, though, the whistle of the kettle has Mami reluctantly freeing herself from your arms to pour out hot water, and you follow her back out into the living room. You insist on carrying the tray, of course.

"'eyo," Sayaka says, waving lazily from the floor. Madoka beams at you from her seat on the right side of the sofa, Hitomi on the other side and Homura sitting awkwardly in the middle.

"Heya!" you say brightly, beaming at everyone and setting the tray down on the coffee table. You sit down on the floor and start pouring for everyone.

"So, what's on the schedule?" Sayaka asks.

"Enchantment practice, some bits of news to share, some *other* bits of news to share and before we start the practice I should probably check in the Pleiades have any relevant knowledge we can borrow, hm..." you say.

"Will you all be staying for dinner?" Mami asks, smiling. "We'll need to cook, too."

"Yeah!" Sayaka says happily, pumping her fists in the air. "Well, Hitomi can't, right? And, uh, Homura? Are you staying?"

"I'm sorry to miss your cooking, but I'm expected home for dinner," Hitomi says with an apologetic smile. "Don't let me stop you!"

"... yes," Homura says, glancing from you to Mami.

"I'll be happy to stay for dinner!" Madoka says.

"Great," Mami says, beaming. She passes teacups around the table, carefully balancing one on Sayaka's forehead. Sayaka goes cross-eyed staring at the cup, and *you* go misty-eyed staring at Mami, because Mami being happy and confident enough in her friendships to tease someone is *amazing*.

Besides, you don't really need an excuse to stare-and-or-smile at Mami.

You blink, shaking your head. You had something else to... ah, yes. "Hitomi?"

"Yes?" The green-haired girl blinks quizzically at you.

"Uh... so about the dinner with your parents this weekend?" you ask. "Is it alright if Homura comes along too?"

"Oh, ah," Hitomi says, and nods, pulling her phone out. "I'll ask, but it shouldn't be a problem."

"Thank you," you say.

"What did you mean about asking the Pleiades Saints?" Madoka asks as she accepts a cup, sipping daintily. "Kazumi and her friends, right?"

"Yup, that's them," you say with a smile. You sling an arm around Mami's waist as she finishes distributing the cups, and pull her down into a hug beside you. "And, well, it ties into some of the news I have, about Tokyo."

You catch Homura's eye for a split second before continuing.

"So, uh, very briefly, Sayaka and I went to Tokyo earlier in the afternoon," you say. Sayaka offers a lazy thumbsup from her position on the floor. "We met with the Osaki group, and they seem nice."

"One of 'em has a *boyfriend*!" Sayaka declares with an upthrust finger.

"... and one of them has a boyfriend," you agree. "Anyway, so, Tokyo... seems interesting. Not necessarily in a bad way, but it's kind of interesting to me. The Osaki group girls seemed to be very insistent that we could only visit if we considered it an *unofficial* visit, and, they didn't want to accept help, either. And... Tokyo apparently has *twenty seven* magical girl groups."

"Not all of them are large groups," Homura notes. "A few are just pairs or single magical girls. People come and go."

"Huh," you say, blinking. "Right, I guess I'll rephrase - Tokyo has twenty seven districts with magical girls. They answer, ish, to the Chiyoda group, which is in turn led by Toshimichi Akane, who's supposed to be descended from, uh... Emperor Shōwa, but she leads because of charisma and power."

"Districts?" Hitomi asks. "Oh, and... my mother says it won't be a problem if Homura wants to come for the dinner as well. So, ah, Homura, with your confirmation?"

Homura nods. You beam at both of them.

"Right, thank you, Hitomi!" you say. "And yes, districts. Apparently the hunting territories are fixed, but magical girls are swapped around. And there are twenty seven of them. I've got a pamphlet around here somewhere..." You pat your pockets down, and find the pamphlet in hammerspace after a moment.

Hitomi takes it, peering at the brightly coloured paper with interest. Madoka makes a thoughtful noise, leaning over Homura to see. Homura freezes, petrified.

Nobody else seems to notice Mami smothering a giggle as she fusses with the teapot.

"There's a lot of critical information missing from here," Madoka says. "It's very... political."

"Politically biased," Hitomi agrees with a clinically disapproving sniff. "Still, somewhat informative. And informative in what it *doesn't* include."

"Do you know how disputes are settled, procedurally?" Madoka asks. She sits back, taking the pamphlet with her, and Homura finally starts to breathe again.

"The small issues they have a chat group for, apparently," you say. "The larger ones, apparently they call meetings for, which brings me to the real thing I raise for now? I'm... pretty sure that Miss Toshimichi has some kind of memory magic, and she uses it to keep the peace."

"Ah," Hitomi says, pursing her lips. "That's interesting. Of what nature is that memory magic?"

"I don't know, yet," you say. "I intend to find out, but before we go into it... well, I'm hoping that tonight's enchantment practice might be geared towards protection from mind magic? And defenses in general, maybe?" You give Mami a smile.

"I think we can work that in," Mami agrees gravely, hiding a little smile.

"And that's what you wanna brainmail the Pleiades for, hm?" Sayaka says.

"Pretty much," you say. "If they know something, then there's no need to reinvent the wheel, and we can practice enchanting something else."

Madoka makes a faintly disapproving noise, closing the pamphlet with a flick.

"They're very heavy-handed about this," she says. "Especially if they're using memory magic."

"Yyyyyeah," Sayaka agrees. "I got the impression that most of the groups are reasonably happy about it, barring the few who are trying to make trouble over something or another."

"Meeting this Miss Toshimichi while protecting yourself against what are prospectively, her powers..." Hitomi purses her lips thoughtfully. "It certainly makes a statement. Of intelligence, preparation, and arguably of intent."

"Then it becomes a question of how Miss Toshimichi might interpret it," Mami muses quietly. "Whether it's an open threat to her regime, as it were, or simply of being prepared."

"Not enough information," Madoka concludes, pouting. "And there was all that fuss about official and unofficial meetings and them not accepting your help! It's obviously significant but it's all a bit weird and we don't know enough..."

Madoka trails off, even her twintails seeming to droop a little in disappointment.

"Ah, hmm. I think I covered most of the main points, but I'll write up something later if you guys want? I'd appreciate any insights you might have," you say. "But that's later. For now, uh... lemme hit up the Pleiades first, and then we can decide what to do for enchantments?"

"Hmm..." Mami smiles. "I'll see what we can cook for dinner in the meantime, then."

"We'll be here," Sayaka says.

"No, *we* should be discussing the class project," Hitomi says with an amused quirk of her lips.

"Oh fiiiine," Sayaka says, removing the teacup and pouting exaggeratedly as she drags herself upright and fumbles for her schoolbags, passing Hitomi's over.

You grin at Mami, letting her lead you into the kitchen by dint of simply not letting go of her when she stands. She laughs, looping her arm around yours to guide you properly.

"*Hey, Niko, do you have a moment?*" you speak across the aether, leaning against the kitchen counter to watch Mami putter around the kitchen.

"Ah!" Mami says, brightening. "Sabrina, what do you think of curry and omurice?"

"Oh, that sounds good," you agree. You crack a faint grin. "Homura'll probably be disappointed we're not making cream stew, but we can't cook that *every* time. Even if I *do* want to fatten her up..."

"Fatten her up, Sabrina?" Mami asks, raising a golden eyebrow at you.

"She's all skin and bone!" you protest. "She definitely doesn't take care of herself, you know that."

"Yes, but 'fatten her up'?" Mami giggles. She starts rummaging about the cabinet, pulling out spices and flour and various ingredients.

"I stand by what I said!" you say, huffing fondly as you join her to collect ingredients from the fridge. The chicken needs to defrost a bit, and you can start the curry to simmer while you practice.

Mami laughs, bumping her hip against yours, and you beam at her.

... Also, Niko hasn't responded.

"*Niko? Hello?*" you say. You frown, and think in *Kazumi's* general direction. "*Kazumi?*"

"*Oh, hey Sabrina!*" Kazumi says brightly, and continues when you mentally include Mami as well. "*Mami! Hi!*"

"*Hello, Kazumi,*" Mami says warmly. "*How are you?*"

"*Good, good, no complaints!*" Kazumi says. "*How are you? What's up?*"

"*We're good, but uh - is Niko OK? I just tried to contact her, but she didn't respond,*" you say.

"*... *one* complaint!*" Kazumi says, in that same bright and cheerful tone. "*If she's fallen asleep in her lab again, then I will need to Have Words with her. Give me a moment!*"

You can hear the Capital Letters in there. Mami catches your eye, an amused smile curling her lips as she starts mixing up the spices for the curry. You grab a vegetable peeler and start peeling carrots and a few potatoes for the curry.

"*Asleep in the lab,*" Kazumi confirms a few minutes later. She sounds put-upon and yet impossibly fond. "*Did you need something from her? I'm going to put her to bed properly, but I can leave a message or maybe I might know?*"

"*Well, I dropped by Tokyo today,*" you say, and proceed to fill Kazumi in briefly. You go over the basics, outlining the meeting and what you'd learned about Tokyo - including the meeting where Meiji had apparently stormed in angry, and then left in peace after a quiet word from Toshimchi Akane.

"*Interesting,*" Kazumi says as you finish explaining. "*Either they have some serious blackmail or they have some major mind magic, huh?*"

"*And the fact that no one seems to really question this kind of thing -or know much about Toshimchi in person- makes me kind of wary, yeah,*" you say. "*I was wondering if Niko might have experience with defending against this kind of thing?*"

"*Nope!*" Kazumi says. "*But Umika does! Her True Writing is good for that kind of magic.*"

"*Oh, huh. That... actually, I meant to ask anyway,*" you say. "*We're intending to meet Miss Toshimichi officially at some point. Would you like to come along? We could make it a little coalition!*"

"Maybe Miss Tsuruya would be interested too?" Mami murmurs out loud as she vigorously stirs a batch of roux. Beside her, you brown the peeled and chopped vegetables and onions as you chat with Kazumi.

"Heck, she might be insulted if we didn't invite her," you agree with a smile.

"*We'd love to!*" Kazumi says brightly. "*We've never been to Tokyo before, and meeting the magical girls there must be fascinating!*"

"*Alright! We'll come pick you up when the time comes, then,*" you say. "*Also, uh... what have you tested Umika's protections against? I'd rather be absolutely sure, and we're running a little enchantment practice session right now, so...*"

"*Oh! Well, uh, she makes ofuda that we wear. And we tested it against her own magic, and me copying that. Niko tried stuff with her stuff too,*" Kazumi says. "*Mind reading stuff!*"

---

- [ ] Raise something else with Kazumi
  - [ ] Anri Airi
  - [ ] Ask about something else?
- [ ] Enchantment practice
  - [ ] Per vote in abeyance
  - [ ] Something else?
- [ ] Enchantment
  - [x] Ask Mami for advice
  - [ ] Focus on general defensive enchantments
  - [ ] Focus on anti-mind magic enchantments
  - [ ] Focus on something else?
  - [ ] Specifics
    - [ ] Suggest that Sayaka try to copy enchantments
    - [ ] Share enchantment booster
    - [ ] Experiment with emotionally charged magic
- [ ] Talking about Oriko
  - [ ] Vote in abeyance
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Mention Oriko's new powers. Same routine as earlier, explain wish magic and its relationship to a girl's thinking, but take a slightly more emotional/romantic viewpoint so it plays better to Sayaka and Madoka.
- [x] Fill Hitomi in on past decisions about Oriko and Kirika and address any concerns she brings up. She's part of that whole mess too after all.
- [x] Prompt Homura to add her own input as appropriate moments come up for it.
- [x] Quickly point out to Homura that you're taking a different approach, so she knows to pay attention so she can get to know her friends better.

---​

Alright, so I kind of hate to do this, but I'm cutting this off here. Jet lag is kicking my ass, and I'd rather not leave you guys hanging for too long without an update, so... here!
