# Nova Prospekt pt. 33

"Alright, so- I'm gonna go help Mami cook, yeah?" you say, already heading in that direction. "Feel free to holler questions if I missed out something. Or ask Sayaka. She was there."

"Yep, yep!" Sayaka says, waving airily.

"We will!" Madoka says.

"... also, a thought - Sayaka, you have a *hypnosis* power, don't you? The girl from Ishinomaki, with the grey scarf and the hat?" you say, pausing midstep. "You could test my enchantment with that, if you have a moment?"

"Ooh," Sayaka says, and brightens. "Yeah, that makes sense. Got it. Oh Hitomiiii\~"

Madoka waves cheerfully at you as you head off towards the kitchen, bouncing on the sofa next to Homura. Which...

Huh. Thanks to Sayaka doing her best boneless cat sprawl on the rug by the coffee table, the obvious spot for Homura to sit is right between Hitomi and Madoka. Or in other words, right next to Madoka.

"Hey, Mami," you say, walking up behind her and wrapping your arms gently around her waist, careful not to jostle her. "I think Sayaka's playing wingwoman for Homura."

The kitchen smells amazing, warm, spiced steam wafting from the simmering pot of curry. It's rich and crisp and savoury, Mami fussing over it to make sure it doesn't burn.

"In earning Madoka's affections? I'm not sure she needs the help," Mami says. She ladles a bit of curry into a saucer and raises it over her shoulder, offering it to you. "Here, taste this."

"Hmm..." you say, catching the saucer with a bit of levitating Grief rather than move your hands from around Mami. You taste it and lick your lips thoughtfully as you send the dish over to the sink. "A teaspoon more sugar. And of course she does, Homura's... Homura. She's my best friend and all that, but she's... y'know."

"She is," Mami agrees. "But what I meant to say is that I think Madoka is already... rather attached to Homura."

You chuckle, reaching out with more Grief to collect the sugar for Mami, who giggles and delicately spoons some into the curry.

"In all seriousness," you say, sobering a little. "I don't think Homura's ready for a relationship. She cares, *deeply*, but a relationship in the sense we mean is an entirely different thing." You nuzzle against Mami's hair, burying your nose among strands of silken spun gold.

"I've noticed as much," Mami says with a quiet sigh. "Ah, well. It's... a work in progress?"

You bark out a startled laugh. "So it is," you say, pulling back enough to beam at Mami. "Anyway, I'll start on the omurice and some side dishes. Do you think we make too much curry, by the by? I feel like we've had a lot of curry recently."

"Hmm... maybe," Mami says. "It's easy to cook and it's delicious!"

"True, true," you say with a laugh, and release her so that you can pad over to the fridge and collect some eggs and vegetables. "Stiiiiilllll\~"

"I can't argue with that," Mami agrees gravely.

You laugh again, letting the conversation lapse into a warm, companionable quiet as you get to cooking. The clink of cookware, the gentle sizzle of food in their pans, the comfortable ease and the little touches as you and Mami pass utensils and ingredients and space around as needed...

*Home*.

That's what this feeling is.

You smile, lowering the heat on the stove so that you can step away from it and plant a kiss on Mami's cheek. "Because this is *home*," you say before she asks. "Here, with you. You gave me that. And besides, I don't need a reason."

Mami's laugh is a beautiful, luminescent thing. You laugh, unable to stop your own cheeks from heating to an incandescent red, and turn to fuss with the vegetables.

"Thank you, Sabrina," Mami murmurs.

"It's only the truth," you tell her.

"And I'm still thanking you," Mami says with a soft smile.

"I can't argue with that!" you say, slanting her a grin as you slide the fried vegetables out onto a plate.

"Let me help you with that," Mami says.

"Actually..." you glance at the time. "I think I might need to pop outside to talk to Hitomi a bit? If that's OK? I think she's leaving soon, and I want to get her thoughts before she does. I'm sorry to leave you alone with dinner, but..."

"Go," Mami says with a warm smile. "It's almost done, and I'll leave it to keep warm and come join you in a bit."

"OK," you say. You beam at Mami and start walking out of the kitchen - backwards, so that you can keep her in sight.. "Thank you, Mami. Now, please excuse me. I need to talk to some furniture."

"Hi, Sabri... na?" Madoka's voice trails off into confusion as you pivot towards one of the cabinets.

"Hey, Cabinet-chan," you say. "So I was wondering, have you had time to go over the papers? I would appreciate your input on the politics of Tokyo."

"... Maaaaamiiiiii your girlfriend is talking to the wall," Sayaka complains.

"N-no, she's just talking to the furniture," Mami calls back, voice hitching just a little. "It's alright, she told me she would."

And *you* are, of course, absolutely not blushing all the way up to the tips of your ears.

"Well that's just *perfectly* fine then!" Sayaka says in a demented voice that says no, it really isn't.

"I was thinking I could try to really nail down my position with your input," you earnestly inform the nice wooden panels. "I mean, I know roughly what I want, but 'roughly' doesn't cut it when we wanna go for a high stakes political negotiation."

"... cabinet," Homura says, in a voice of muted horror and dawning understanding. She repeats herself in English. "*Cabinet*. Politics."

Sayaka's hand meets her forehead with a loud smack, setting off Madoka who dissolves into a spate of uncontrollable giggles.

"That was *terrible*, Sabrina," Hitomi says. "*Is* terrible. But if that's your way of suggesting that we should form a government, I'm all for it. It sounds like fun."

You pivot on a heel, stride forward three steps, and drop onto the floor next to Sayaka, legs folded into a perfectly composed seiza.

"Maybe not a government," you amend. "But maybe yes a government? I don't *think* we want one yet, because we don't have enough information or people, but *I'm not sure*. And that's why I'd be more than happy to have you on board, Hitomi, Madoka." You meet both of their eyes steadily before continuing. "I need the advice, and I need someone I trust with a mind for politics."

You flick your gaze to Homura and nod slightly.

"What'm I, chopped liver?" Sayaka grumbles.

"Do you *have* a mind?" you asked, and pause for *slightly* too long before continuing. "For politics, I mean."

"*Rude*!" Sayaka says, pressing a melodramatic hand to her chest. "Ouch, Sabrina. This is what I get for being your loyal friend?"

You laugh, and reach over to pat her head. "There, there," you say. "But seriously - *politics*."

"Yeaaaaaah no," she says, grinning at you. "Don't look at me for that."

"You're not that bad, Sayaka..." Madoka says, pouting. "You shouldn't put yourself down."

"I'm not *good* at it either, and I don't want the job," Sayaka says. "Sabrina's right. You two're perfect for it."

"Mami's Mami," you say, smiling. "Flawless at everything she does. But she's one person. I need *perspective*. And Homura, of course I'll listen to any advice you have, but..."

"I'm not good at it," Homura says, echoing Sayaka's words. "Yes."

"I... I'd be happy to!" Madoka says. She fidgets with her fingers as she looks around the room. "If... if you're sure you'll have me?"

"And the same from me," Hitomi says. "I'm honoured."

"Yeah, I'm sure," you say. "'sides, like... we're not forming a government *yet*, right? We're friends, and I want your advice, not lifelong appointment to a post or something. I'm just melodramatic."

"And silly!" Sayaka says.

"And silly," you agree.

Hitomi nods, looking thoughtful. "So, you need to formulate a political stance, as it were," she says. "Because while you have an overarching goal, but no specifics."

"An apt summary," you say, nodding. "I... I mean, I've got a clear idea of what I generally want, but when I get bogged down with minutia, I get... frustrated. That's not good for negotiations."

"What *is* your general policy?" Madoka asks. "So that we're all on the same page? And, um, I would be glad to help?"

You beam at her.

"*Our* general policy..." you pause, consider for a moment, and then shrug. "We're here to *help*. More specifically... I have, effectively, unlimited cleansing, and the ability to provide it to everyone who wants it. I want to provide it to as many people as possible without destabilizing things into conflict."

"OK!" Madoka says, bouncing a little on the sofa. "We can work with that. What kind of potential obstacles do you think you'll have?"

"I... was hoping you'd help me figure that out," you say, fiddling sheepishly with your hair.

"What are we figuring out?" You'd noticed Mami leaving the kitchen, of course, but you still can't help but light up with a warm smile when she sits next to you and tucks herself under your arm. Sayaka waves one of the copies of your meeting writeup at Mami, who accepts it with one hand and starts skimming the paper.

"What kind of obstacles we might encounter, establishing ourselves against the Tokyo Council, especially Miss Toshimichi," you tell her.

"That's one right there," Hitomi says. "That's the wrong attitude to take. We do not answer to them, and we do not have to establish ourselves *against* them. What we *do* need to do is... establish our bona fides, as it were, a strong negotiating position. Arguably, your reputation has already done this."

"And as Hitomi said earlier, arriving as the head of a coalition, even more so!" Madoka offers. "Hmm. Um... will they be suspicious of your intention to help, Sabrina?"

"I don't *think* so," you say. "I've made previous contact with them, and declared our intention to help even from the beginning. I've kept it a constant refrain throughout my encounters, too. They rejected that, but I want to change that."

"Are they likely to see you as a threat?" Hitomi asks, eyes narrowing. "Not to the stability, but as an actual, ah, military threat."

"That... *that* I'm not sure of," you admit. "It depends on... well, I haven't heard of them doing anything reprehensible that would require me knocking them over. Ah... Mami, Homura?"

"Not that I've ever heard of," Mami says, shaking her head. "Other than, ah... pressuring girls to join them? And those are rumours, since everyone in Tokyo is effectively required to join the Council."

"That's what I've heard, too," Homura murmurs.

"But then there's Sendai," you say, making a face. "Do you think what they do is similar enough?"

"It's possible," Homura says.

"They never said anything like that," Madoka points out. "Erm, Osaki, I mean."

"I concur with Madoka," Hitomi says, nodding. "If you were under suspicion of wanting to attack Tokyo, I feel like they would have brought it up, or been more wary of inviting you in. As it was, they seemed entirely happy to talk to you - I don't think there's any suspicion of your intentions from Tokyo, as a group."

"Maybe... maybe the Meiji group? And-or Sumida?" Madoka offers.

"Maybe," Hitomi agrees. "Do you want to take a stronger stance on that, Sabrina?"

"I... yeah, I think so," you say. "Yeah. I've always made it a point, when I hand out Clear Seeds, to ask them to..."

"'First, to do no harm'," Mami quotes.

"Do no harm," you say with a nod. "Help those who need help. *Be kind*."

"Ah!" Madoka says, brightening up into a shy smile. "That's a good principle to live by. But... *that* might make it difficult."

"Because their entire power structure is at least slightly predicated on being able to exert indirect pressure," Mami says, eyes narrowing a little. "They need to convince people to join, don't they?"

"I mean, I could argue that they just need to change their recruitment tactics from 'join us because we're the existing power structure' to 'join us because free stuff' and that's *better* for everyone, but..." You trail off into an annoyed scowl. "Feh, politics."

"People don't like to *change*," Madoka says.

"Mmmhm," you say. "Which does rather raise the question... is the preservation of the current political situation in Tokyo a goal of ours? I mean..."

"Power," Hitomi says abruptly. "Pardon, I just had a thought. Power. Your Clear Seeds are, are, they fuel magic. they're *tangible* power. Could Toshimichi be attempting to suppress the distribution so she could hold on to her *own* political power?"

You suck in your cheeks. "I hope not," you say. "Because then we *would* have a *problem*."

Madoka nods seriously.

"I think..." she chews her lip. "They have so many *people*. A fight with all of them..."

"Yeah," you say, sighing. "Will be *messy*. We've got some of the most amazing magical girls in the world here, but *any* kind of fight... we can't police them effectively, either, if we dismantle the power structures."

"They only manage the peace they do by threat of collective reprisal, and that falls apart entirely without someone to organize it on a rapid-response basis," Hitomi says, tapping her stack of notes. "Unless their offenses are egregious, it might be better in the short run to leave it be until we have the capability to fully intervene."

You puff out your cheeks. That *doesn't* sit well with you, to simply stand back when people are being hurt. But if the alternative is igniting a conflict with *twenty-seven* magical girl groups in the middle of one of the largest cities in the world... You just might have to.

"In any case, Miss Toshimichi has been able to maintain a position of strength *and* secrecy even with a scarcity of Grief Seeds," Mami says. "I can only expect that in a time of plenty, she'd only be able to consolidate her hold."

"Hey, uh..." Sayaka says, waving a hand. "Got a question. Maybe Toshimichi wants to be the one to distribute the Clear Seeds?"

"... what's the question, Sayaka?" Madoka asks.

"Iunno. I guess what I'm saying is, how much influence *does* she have? If she has mind magic... oh that reminds me, Sabrina, your enchantment works A-OK on hypnosis, but the one I made with invisibility *doesn't*," Sayaka says. "Forgot to mention that."

"Are we focusing on her too much?" Hitomi asks, frowning. "Sabrina, do we know anything about the rest of the Chiyoda group?"

"Nope," you say. "Or at least I don't. Mami, Homura?"

"I've heard of a Riko Megu," Homura says. "By reputation only. Lives around Akihabara. Keeps to herself. Her magic is a kind of healing, I believe."

"I haven't heard about any specifics, unfortunately," Mami says, shaking her head. You give her a reassuring squeeze. "It seems they are all rather elusive."

"Um... I wonder why?" Madoka says. She half turns to hit Homura with a full-wattage beam. "Ah! Homura, how did you hear about Miss Riko?"

Homura shrugs slightly. "I was looking for healers."

"Hrm," you say. "Which actually brings me to a point. Tokyo... had a lot of magical girls. Do you think it's worth trying to recruit them for Walpurgisnacht?"

"Perhaps," Hitomi says. She purses her lips, considering for a second before nodding decisively. "You have no intention of holding back your Clear Seeds, correct?"

"No," you say. "I... people *need* these, like they need air or water or food. Making a bargaining chip out of them... hell no."

Madoka shoots you an approving look, one that's perhaps tinged by a bit of sadness.

"Then you can only *ask*, and it does no harm to do so," Hitomi says. "*After* the initial negotiations are done and you have a better understanding of Toshimichi and Chiyoda's goals."

"You need to establish your own position, and understand theirs," Madoka says with a firm nod. "And... ah... we need more information about the rest of the groups. Why are they making trouble, and can we stop it? Will giving Clear Seeds help?"

"Yeah, I see," you agree, nodding. "And our position... is that we want them to have Clear Seeds, one per group, while allowing the peace to continue. We also would like to have their help with Walpurgisnacht."

That gets you a faint nod from Homura.

"That sounds about right," Hitomi says.

"And... hey, there's a thought," you say. "Those group rotations. Do you have any idea what's up with that? I'm kind of wondering whether it's a kind of subtle... pressure, or something. If they get to keep Grief Seeds, it might be a way to distribute them around?"

"Perhaps it's a way of building ties between groups?" Mami suggests. "Soothing ruffled feathers by giving them personal connections, as it were."

"I think so!" Madoka says. "It would make sense! Um..." Madoka trails off, obviously thinking about something, and when she speaks next, it's slow and hesitant. "They swap around, they fight with Chiyoda, but... still no one knows how Toshimichi fights?"

"Memory magic," Sayaka says with a heavy scowl.

"Perhaps her magic is poorly suited to facing Witches, and only the rest of her group fights?" Hitomi says. "I... can that happen?"

"Yeah, actually," you say. "That's a possibility. But... ugh, memory magic. I mean, it wasn't exactly a poor contender in the first place, but still. *Ew*."

You're *not* going to raise your darkest concern - that Toshimichi's using the opportunity to eliminate rivals and troublesome people. At the very least she seems to have a generalized 'don't think about it' ability that applies to herself, and... with people rotating in and out, it would be ever so easy to simply make people vanish. Forgotten.

"Hostages?" Homura suggests.

"That's... also a possibility," Hitomi says. "However, if it's a fixed rotation as the pamphlet suggests, that wouldn't help. And it wouldn't explain the continued belligerence of certain groups. Though, ah..."

"You need to go?" you ask, glancing at the clock.

"I do," Hitomi affirms, standing. "My parents will be picking me up soon."

"Alright," Mami says. She stands as well, smiling. "Let me see you to the door, Hitomi. It's been good having you over."

Sayaka scrambles to her feet. "I'll see you downstairs!" she says, hurrying over to their schoolbags and grabbing Hitomi's.

"Thank y- Sayaka give me back my bag I haven't even put away my notes yet," Hitomi complains.

"Oh. Sorry," Sayaka says, sheepishly handing the bag over. "Still gonna see you downstairs."

Madoka giggles happily. "Are we having dinner now?"

"We'll start serving, and be ready to eat when Sayaka returns," Mami says, shooting you a questioning look.

"Yep!" you agree. "Oh, hey, Sayaka, Madoka - how late can you stay?"

"Ah... for about another two hours at most?" Madoka says.

"Same," Sayaka agrees.

"Alright, thanks," you say. "See you tomorrow, Hitomi, and take care!"

"I will," Hitomi says. "Until tomorrow, everyone."

---

- [ ] Politics discussion
- [ ] Any specific points to address?
- [ ] After dinner
- [*] TO THE INTERNETS
- [ ] Witch hunting
- [ ] Check in on the Shiogama girls
- [ ] Witch Hunt (this excludes other options)
- [ ] Relax (this is a timeskip option!)
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] TO THE INTERNETS
- [x] Check email. Set up new-mail notifications, just in case.
- [x] Check back in with #nyantokanyaru.
- [x] Their reaction to you was a bit worrying. Is there someone other than Rionna going around ganking grief controllers or do grief controllers tend to be super territorial or something?
- [x] Ask about their local politics. With a grief controller acting as a force multiplier for a Clear Seed, you might want to get one to them sooner rather than later so they can share it around.
- [x] Also, Mitakihara has infinite cleansing and can accept refugees.
- [x] Talk Walpy. You are assembling an army. Even if they don't want to fight, it'd be great to have a grief controller with a clear seed to staff the trauma ward.
- [x] Ask if they know anything about the Iowa group. You're pretty sure they'll be gunning for you and you intend to do unto them before they do unto you.
- [x] #milesgloriosus and other channels as time and attention permit. Standard routine:
- [x] Introduce self, you're sending out feelers internationally and getting to know people, you have true cleansing, you want to help, share contact info, etc.
- [x] Mitakihara can accept refugees. You can refresh grief seeds if anyone is in urgent need.
- [x] Clear Seeds: Following what you told Nadia, inform if the group seems stable and helpful.
- [x] Gather information about Iowa and other threats, recruit for Walpy if reasonable.
  - [x] Can segue from the Mitakihara refugee invite - "We can more or less guarantee safety, support, and peace, but we are expecting some inclement weather..."

\=====​

Alright. I'm ending the update here because a) it's getting bigger and bigger, b) to allow any finetuning and c) because I definitely can't update tomorrow night, so it has to be tonight.

Also, I am locking in the Internet vote unless it is countermanded by an entirely different activity, so as to not relitigate the entire argument again.
