# Nova Prospekt pt. 36

You smile warmly at Mami, and then at Homura even as pride swells in your chest. This is a victory. For you, merely incidentally so - but for *Homura*? Homura learning to *trust* again? That is *her* victory. One you helped in, but you're proud of her.

Like *hell* you're going to take this away from her.

"It's your call, Mami, Homura," you say. "If you're both sure, then I think it'll be good to share."

And this... this lets you relax a little. It puts you on a more even footing with Mami, one more of your secrets unraveled. She's trusted you so far, that it's not your secret to share. But she deserves to know. She's always deserved to know - she's been *part* of this from the very beginning.

Chasing on the heels of that pride and relief is a worming concern. Homura's story... Homura's story is intimately tied with the nature of Witches. Of what happened to Madoka. You resist the urge to look back to Mami, because you're not sure. You're not *sure* this is the time to tell her. She's stronger than she knows, and given the impetus, you *know* she can push through it. You could see the case to tell her now, to bring her in fully. But...

You broke her once. You don't want to do it again. Not to a friend, not to anyone you know, not to your enemies, and not to *Mami*.

Homura raises her chin a fraction of a centimeter, meeting your eyes steadily.

Trust.

She's trusting Mami. Trusting *you*. She knows as much as you do about Mami. You can trust Homura not to tell something she shouldn't.

There'll be better times to tell Mami. You have time to build her up. To come to her with a *solution*, perhaps, rather than just bad news. This is about *Homura*, now. It's *her* story to tell.

So you'll trust her. You'll help her where she needs it, but trust is a two way street - so you'll trust her.

"I'm sure," Homura says.

Mami nods, glances at you... and reaches out to take Homura's outstretched hand. You give her a warm smile, and loop your arm around her waist.

Homura closes her eyes, a slight tremor running through her body.

"... I need to transform," she says. She shuffles awkwardly on the spot.

"Oh! Right," Mami says, blinking and letting go of Homura's hand. "Um... you don't have to do this if you don't want to, Homura."

"No," Homura says. Her eyes are clear and expression resolute as she meets Mami's eyes. "You should know."

"Alright," Mami says. She shifts a little, turning in your hug so she can take your hand instead as the familiar blaze of amethyst light fills the kitchen. Bright enough to reflect off the taps and cast dancing spots of light across the walls, and Homura grabs her shield. A familiar whine of gears-

-and a familiar sense of *dislocation*, Homura suddenly no longer where she was. Her hand's on Mami's shoulder, clasping gently, and Mami gives you a quick smile before unspooling ribbon to tie you all into the timestop.

"I don't think I'll ever get used to this," Mami muses, shivering a little and looking around at the lifeless greys of Homura's magic.

Homura shrugs with one shoulder, fidgeting.

"Shall we go to the living room?" you prompt gently. "It'd be more comfortable if we could all sit down."

"You never got used to it before," Homura blurts, with a convulsive jerk of her head towards Mami - who rocks back, as if pinned by the sudden weight of Homura's gaze.

"... what do you mean, before?" Mami asks, blinking. But you can see uncertainty flicker across her face, her expression wavering even as she speaks. "Did... did we know each other?"

"I'm from the future," Homura says.

"Oh," Mami says. Her mouth works silently, no words coming emerging, until she eventually closes it, tilting her head thoughtfully to the side.

Homura fidgets uncomfortably, fingers twitching as if readying to reach for a weapon. This close, she won't outdraw Mami - you know it, she knows it, and you *know* it won't be necessary. You meet Homura's eyes, and smile. Her hand clenches tight, the tendons of her wrist pulling taut like steel cables.

The silence stretches on, until Mami finally breaks it with a quiet laugh.

"This... this explains more than it doesn't," Mami says warmly. Her expression wavers a little, and she turns to you.

"Not me," you say, squeezing her hand gently. "*I'm*... different. But I'm not a time traveler, no. And I'm yours, Mami. That hasn't changed."

Mami exhales slowly and nods, her hand tightening on yours. She flashes you a quick warm smile, and turns back to Homura. You follow your lead, surveying your friend.

Your friend, who has relief and *dis*belief both written on her face. The way her fingers hang slack, her eyes widened just a little bit in shock and her expression more *open*, just about as *vulnerable* as you've ever seen...

"Shall we take a seat?" Mami asks, smiling.

Homura nods again, jerky and twitchy, but turns towards the living room. You follow, and take your seats around the crazed-glass triangle of Table-kun. Mami sits close enough to you to bump hip-to-hip.

"Really, this does explain a lot," Mami says with a faint smile. "Among other things... I don't claim to know every magical girl out there, but a veteran like you, Homura? Who knows Mitakihara so well?" She huffs a quiet laugh, before it fades slowly in the face of Homura's silence.

"How bad was it?" she prompts gently.

"Bad," Homura says. "This... this isn't the first time I've... I've come back."

Mami nods quietly, absorbing that.

"It explains a lot," she says at last. "Madoka was a magical girl, wasn't she?"

Homura swallows, and nods once.

"I see," Mami says. And she probably *does*, too, chewing on her lower lip as she thinks it through. She looks up, and her hand seeks yours, squeezing tightly. "You made your Wish for her." Mami closes her eyes, exhaling hard.

"She saved me," Homura says, whisper-quiet and *stricken*.

Mami bows her head. "A worthy Wish," she murmurs. "What happened, Homura?"

"She saved me," Homura repeats. "She... I wasn't a magical girl. I was new in class. She was... she was friendly. A few weeks..." She blinks slowly, swallowing. "Now. Today, before. She saved me from a Witch. Madoka and you. Then... then she was my first friend."

She looks down at her hands, clenching and unclenching her fists. Her mouth opens to speak, but just like Mami before, words fail her.

You squeeze Mami's hand once, and shuffle around the table to gently wrap an arm around Homura's shoulders. You make sure you move slowly enough that she has time to pull away if she wants to - but she doesn't, hunching a little under your arm. Mami nods, and to your surprise, shuffles around the other side - not to hug, but she places a gentle hand on Homura's shoulder.

"Walpurgisnacht," Homura whispers. "You fight. You die. You were... you've always been someone to look up to. Madoka followed. She *won*."

The 'but' hangs in the unnatural stillness of the timestop, unsaid and all the louder for that.

"What... what happened to Sabrina?" Mami murmurs, her hand still on Homura's shoulder. "I... I can't imagine you wouldn't have fought, Sabrina."

"She wasn't there," Homura answers, shaking her head and looking to you.

"As far as I know, throughout all of Homura's loops, this is the first time I've existed," you say carefully, taking it as a cue to answer. You don't want to take control of this conversation, to speak over Homura. "Due to... a confluence of events last loop, possibly? But we'll come to that after?"

"Ah," Mami says carefully. "I..." She takes a breath, and nods firmly. "Alright. Go on, Homura? When you feel ready?"

"I... after. *After*. I made my Wish," Homura says. "I wanted to go back and do it again. To *protect* Madoka. To fight at her side. I, I... I saw her again. You were our teacher. It was..." Her hand rises and falls weakly. "It was good. We, we won. I... Madoka. She didn't make it."

"I'm so sorry," Mami says. Her shoulders slump.

"It- it wasn't your fault," Homura murmurs, gaze flicking up to Mami for a second. "Your training was good. The best. I... things went... bad, the next time. Your training kept me alive. Sayaka was there, too. She didn't like me, and then she... died. At the end, I, I had to, I-" Her voice chokes off, throat working soundlessly.

She had to mercy kill Madoka, to prevent her from becoming a Witch - after Madoka used *Sayaka's* Grief Seed to save her. None of that gets said, Homura's words strangled before they can be said by trauma and necessity both.

"I'm so, so sorry," Mami whispers. "I can't even begin to imagine what you've gone through, Homura."

"I..." She stills, hands wringing together on her lap before she notices what she's doing and flattening her palms against her thighs. "I haven't... you haven't believed me. In a long time."

"I believe you now," Mami says firmly.

"I kept trying," Homura continues, as if Mami hadn't spoken. Her gaze is fixed on her hands, unseeing. "I... I just..." Her shoulders hitch, as if she's trying to stifle a sob. "Madoka..."

"Shh," Mami whispers, hand moving to rub Homura's back in slow, soothing circles. You squeeze Homura gently, a reminder of your presence here, a reminder of everything *different*, and you check her Soul Gem. You'll need to cleanse it later. "It's alright, Homura. It's alright."

"I've *failed*," Homura whispers. "Over and over again."

"And you got back up every single time, Homura," you murmur quietly. "I don't know *anyone* who could have kept going like you have, over and over again. You're still fighting, and it's brought us *here*. We can *win*. All of us together."

Homura doesn't say anything. Mami's eyes, in turn, flick up to meet yours, and you incline your head slightly to the side and shake it slightly. Give Homura time to pull herself together, because she *is* strong. She doesn't need to be coddled, she just needs friends who believe in her.

"I haven't had-" Homura swallows. "I haven't had friends for a long time. I... I haven't been able to, to *talk* about this."

"I'm so sorry," Mami whispers. You can see the sympathy written in the set of her expression, the softness around her eyes and etched into the pull of her lips. *Empathy* from someone who understands the isolation, the pain of being surrounded by people and yet so very *alone*.

"And yes, Homura, we *are* your friends," you say.

"That's not what I meant," Homura rasps quietly, voice thick. "I haven't been able to convince anyone. Not for a long time. You die. Sayaka dies. No one's strong enough to face Walpurgisnacht. It..." Homura laughs once, sharp and bitter. "It's an unbelievable story. Only... only Madoka ever believed me. And I don't want her to know. She needs to *stay away* from all this."

"Sabrina believed you too," Mami supplies quietly.

"And Sabrina," Homura affirms. "Sabrina... Sabrina *knew*."

"I've always been a weird case," you offer with a half smile.

"Oriko is someone you encountered before, isn't she?" Mami asks.

Homura stiffens slightly, the tension rolling through her body like a wave. "Yes."

"So things changed a lot because of what you did," Mami murmured, and nods. "If I may ask... how long has it been?"

"I've lost count," Homura says. "I don't know."

This time, the silence stretches out further, broken by the slow, ragged cadence of your breaths, and the rustle of cloth as Mami rubs Homura's back gently. Her hand brushes against your arm every now and then, a touch of warmth that fades all too quickly in the time stop.

"You have questions," Homura says at last, breaking the silence.

"I..." Mami shivers. "Most of them aren't important. I have good guesses, I think, and they can wait until I digest this. But I do have one that's... curiosity, I suppose."

"Ask," Homura says. Her attention flicks up to Mami. You can't see her expression, not the way you're positioned on Homura's other side, but you can feel the wary tension in her body. And yet.

And yet, it doesn't feel like she's readying to draw a weapon. She's bracing herself, not to fight, but to take something that might *hurt*.

"I..." Mami's eyes meet yours for a second. "If... what changed? That Sabrina is here?"

Ah. *That* question. But *you've* been prepared for this one, too.

"Last... last time. Just before this one," Homura says, shutting her eyes and taking a deep breath. "Madoka made a Wish, at the end. That everything could be *fixed*. And this time..." She gestures at you.

"That's kind of what my guess is too," you agree, nodding. "I'm... pretty sure I came into existence because of Homura, and Madoka. I've got some ideas for the *details*, some nice, some... not so nice. But." You meet Mami's eyes and smile, shifting your hand to capture Mami's hand. "That doesn't change anything for *us*, Mami. I have far more keeping me here."

"Alright," Mami says with a soft smile. She inclines her head slightly to the side, eyes flickering, and you nod. You're solid. There might be more to talk about later, but right *now*, Homura's in distress. You shift to hug Homura again.

"We have a simple goal, then," Mami says. "Keep Madoka -and all her friends- safe. Against Walpurgisnacht, and against whatever might come next. And I..." She breaks off. "The... the past mes. The *other* mes? I would have encouraged Madoka to make a Wish, wouldn't I? I... I wouldn't have known."

"No. Yes," Homura says. "You didn't know. You didn't believe me. We've fought, before."

"Oh," Mami says, and exhales slowly. "I'm sorry."

"It wasn't your fault," Homura says. She looks at Mami, and then down at her hands, curled lightly on her lap. "It wasn't."

Golden eyes meet yours for a split second, over Homura's bowed head. You nod slightly.

"It wasn't yours, either," Mami says. "Without knowing about *Kyuubey*, without knowing about our Souls... I wouldn't have believed."

"May I cleanse your Soul Gem, Homura?" you ask gently.

"Yes," Homura murmurs. She turns her wrist, rolling her hand so the Soul Gem faces you. With a thought, you draw a thick, rippling streamer of Grief from it, and banish it into extra-dimensional storage.

Homura takes a breath, and straightens slowly. "Thank you for listening, Mami," she says. "Thank you."

"You're my friend," Mami says simply. "How could I not?"

Homura shrugs a bit, looking from you to Mami.

"So we protect Madoka," Mami says. "But she won't accept being kept out of the loop, either. She wants to be useful, doesn't she?"

"She does," Homura murmurs. "She's always- she's always wanted to *help*, even when helping *costs* so much."

"She doesn't have to fight to help," Mami says. "We can work with that." She smiles, and draws closer to give Homura a hug, too, so that she's sandwiched between the both of you. "I'm on board, Homura."

You smile, a deep sense of satisfaction rolling through you. That's that, then.

**\[] Anything else to hit before Homura leaves?
\- \[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[x] TO THE INTERNETS
-\[x] Check email. Set up new-mail notifications, just in case.
-\[x] Check back in with #nyantokanyaru.
\--\[x] Their reaction to you was a bit worrying. Is there someone other than Rionna going around ganking grief controllers or do grief controllers tend to be super territorial or something?
\--\[x] Ask about their local politics. With a grief controller acting as a force multiplier for a Clear Seed, you might want to get one to them sooner rather than later so they can share it around.
\--\[x] Also, Mitakihara has infinite cleansing and can accept refugees.
\--\[x] Talk Walpy. You are assembling an army. Even if they don't want to fight, it'd be great to have a grief controller with a clear seed to staff the trauma ward.
\--\[x] Ask if they know anything about the Iowa group. You're pretty sure they'll be gunning for you and you intend to do unto them before they do unto you.
-\[x] #milesgloriosus and other channels as time and attention permit. Standard routine:
\--\[x] Introduce self, you're sending out feelers internationally and getting to know people, you have true cleansing, you want to help, share contact info, etc.
\--\[x] Mitakihara can accept refugees. You can refresh grief seeds if anyone is in urgent need.
\--\[x] Clear Seeds: Following what you told Nadia, inform if the group seems stable and helpful.
\--\[x] Gather information about Iowa and other threats, recruit for Walpy if reasonable.
\---\[x] Can segue from the Mitakihara refugee invite - "We can more or less guarantee safety, support, and peace, but we are expecting some inclement weather..."

\=====​

And we're back! It's good to be back in the saddle. Also, there's something truly urgent - I think this would be a good point to end for the night, as it were. This day has dragged out for a very long time.

Now, I've got to go catch a plane.
