# Office Complex pt. 1

Morning.

You awaken to Mami trying to ever-so-slowly ease herself out from under the blanket and under your arm. She stills instantly -she must have heard your breathing change- and lets her own breathing even out as if *she's* still sound asleep.

Huh.

A pause. And then-

"You're awake, aren't you?" Mami murmurs ruefully.

"Nope, I'm sound asleep," you say in the same hushed, quiet tones.

Mami laughs, and rolls over in your arms. Her eyes sparkle in the dim, early morning light despite the pout just barely visible.

"I managed to wake up early," she says. "I wanted to make breakfast."

"Sorry," you say sheepishly.

"You're ridiculous," Mami says fondly, tapping you on the nose. You go cross-eyed, trying to track her finger.

"That's part of my charm," you say, leaning forward a little on the pillow.

"It really is," Mami says, a moment later. Scant moonlight and streetlight intermingle through the window, illuminating the curve of her fond smile and the soft golden waves of her hair, freed of its drills for sleep.

"You're remarkably awake this morning," you note.

"I slept well," she says. "*And* we slept early."

You chuckle quietly, snuggling a little closer. "True and true. Did you still want to make breakfast?"

"I like breakfast every morning, which generally means that I have to make it, yes," Mami says, a teasing smile tugging at her lips.

You laugh, blowing a puff of breath at her face. She blinks and pouts at you. You pout right back at her. Mami huffs, and rolls over, as if ignoring you. You promptly respond by hugging her from behind.

"Oh, you're already bright and awake," Mami says, squirming out of your grasp and standing. She stretches luxuriously, slanting a warm smile at you. "Shall we?"

"We shall!" you say, smiling right back.

And so you do, going through your usual morning routine. A little bit of dickering between you and Mami decides that this morning's breakfast will be French toast, Mami cheerfully taking the lead - apparently, she's well and determined to prepare it for you anyway, current wakefulness notwithstanding. On the other hand, it leaves you free to... plan.

The evil giggling and rubbing your hands together might be a bit much for plotting over lunch and how best to mess with your friends, you admit.

Especially considering the *looks* Mami is giving you.

Eh, she'll see. They'll *all* see.

You shut the lunchboxes with a definitive snap, setting them aside and beaming at Mami as she serves up plates of French toast with syrup and strawberries, savoury-sweet perfection. Tea and more fruit on the side round out the breakfast. And miso soup.

"Miso is nice?" Mami says, catching your look.

"I didn't say anything," you say, wandering around the table to press a kiss to her cheek.

Mami beams at you as you settle back down on your own side, and you start eating.

"Are you going to make the morning call today?" Mami asks.

"Oh, I am," you say with a grin, spearing a strawberry on your fork and waving it at her. "In fact..."

"*Gooooooooooood morning Mitakihara!*" you crow over telepathy, reaching out to your friends. "*I'm Sabrina Vee, with my lovely co-host Tomoe Mami, and *welcome* to another sunny morning in beautiful Mitakihara!*"

And without pause, you launch into the next phase of your diabolical plan: *music*.

Specifically, *Mami's* theme - Credens Justitiam.

She raises her eyebrows at you across the table, an amused smile tugging at her lips. "Really, Sabrina?" she asks fondly.

"Yes, really," you say, beaming at Mami. You hold the music, broadcasting it loud over telepathy.

"*... whyyyy,*" Sayaka complains over the music.

"*Good morning, Sabrina!*" Madoka says.

"*Good morning,*" Hitomi echoes. "*I haven't heard this composition before, I quite like it.*"

"*... good morning.*" Homura's the last to respond, sounding faintly perplexed.

You grin at Mami across the table and get back to eating your breakfast, letting the music run through to the end.

"*And good morning again to all our listeners!*" You pick right up with your very best radio-host impression. "*Looks like today is going to be another fantastic day in Mitakihara City! Today'll be bright and sunny, with possibilities of light showers in the late afternoon over in the east. And now, a segment with our callers!*"

Mami's eyes narrow\... and then she winks at you.

"*... is it over?*" Sayaka asks.

"*And here's our first caller!*" Mami says. "*Please, tell us your name!*"

"*You are both complete and utter *dorks*,*" Sayaka says. "*How did I ever think you were a cool sempai? Homura's my sempai now, *she's* cool.*"

Mami stiffens slightly, and your heart plummets in alarm. You reach across the table to her - and then a giggle bubbles from her throat, genuine and amused. She takes a breath and smiles at you, forestalling your words. You beam at her and take her hand anyway, her fingers gently squeezing down on yours. She looks up to meet your gaze, warmth and adoration in her eyes.

There'll always be that little tinge of fear, you think. That she might be abandoned. A fear of not being good enough, hammered into her over years of bitter experience. But here and now she can *laugh* about this. She has other experiences to balance it out, for her to keep in mind that she *is* good enough.

It's not just you, though you'd like to think that your presence contributed. It's just as much what *Homura* did in telling her. In sharing her darkest secrets, in showing that simple *trust* in Mami.

"*... what.*" Homura's voice is flat, with the tiniest vibrato of pure, unadulterated confusion.

"*Mami's secretly a dork, Sabrina was never cool, so that leaves you, the mysterious cool veteran,*" Sayaka says. "*Right, Madoka?*"

"*Uhm... Mami and Sabrina are cool too,*" Madoka says.

"*Yes, thank you! Mami is *not* a dork, Mami is cool and awesome and fantastic,*" you say. Mami giggles, putting her fork down to cover her mouth.

"*You're really not,*" Sayaka says tartly.

"*Is that a professional opinion, Sayaka?*" Homura asks, bone dry.

"*Yes, I- wait a sec, was that a burn? Was that a stealth burn?*" Sayaka asks.

"*It wasn't particularly stealthy, Sayaka,*" Hitomi says.

And so it goes, friendly teasing and chatting as you finish up breakfast. You do try to multitask a bit to enchant some Grief, spinning the stuff from thin air and trying to knead it one-handed. It sort of works, but it's awkward to eat or do the dishes with just one hand, and even trying to cheat with a bit of Grief-kinesis, it takes *attention* that you'd really rather focus on Mami.

... You kind of wonder whether chibis would work. They're more *you*, after all. On the other hand, you also have this half-formed mental image of a sweatshop staffed with miniature yous. They'd ~~probably~~ definitely stage a strike within the day, admittedly.

So you set that aside for now, getting dressed and ready to head out for the day - Mami in her school uniform, and you in a nice button-down shirt and trousers with your ever present bag slung over your shoulder.

"Mm... Sabrina?" Mami asks as you near your usual meeting spot, arm in arm. It *is* a nice day today, dawning bright and balmy, and you're early enough that the roads aren't *too* packed yet. "Do you think that what you're wearing is a bit too similar to your magical girl costume?"

"Well, I'm wea-" You pause midword, looking down at yourself thoughtfully. "I... Um. Hm. There's no coat, and it's *light* blue and dark *green* instead of shades of grey."

Mami laughs, patting you gently on the shoulder.

"... I'm just saving money for the animators," you say. "So they can just do a palette swap."

"Ah, that makes perfect sense," Mami says, nodding solemnly. You grin at her, and cock your head to the side - you can sense Sayaka approaching, hand raised.

"Good morning, Sayaka!" you say without looking around.

"Good morn- aw," Sayaka says, lowering her hand. "What makes sense?"

"Sabrina's wearing a palette swap of her magical girl costume so that it's easier on the animators," Mami informs her.

"Hmm..." Sayaka walks a circle around you. "Yeah, I can see it. Tsk."

"What?" you say, raising your eyebrows at her.

"Lazy animation!" Sayaka declares, one finger thrusting skyward. "We deserve better than that!"

"Yeah!" you say, raising a clenched fist. "No more potato animation!"

"Good morning, Sayaka," Mami says, smiling. "How are you this morning?"

"Good, good," Sayaka says, bouncing lightly on her toes. "Ready to take on the world, and... Ah!"

A crow flaps down out of the tree to land on Sayaka's shoulder, chirruping curiously.

"Aaah! Feathers! Get it away from me!" You cringe and scurry around to Mami's other side, pretending to hide behind her. Mami giggles, taking your arm again.

"Hmm..." Sayaka has her head tilted, apparently listening as the crow chirps at her. "Cool. Great!" She digs around in her bag and offers up a handful of birdseed, allowing the bird to peck it out of her hand. She gets more than a few baffled looks from other students passing by.

"So... Good. Thanks, Mugin," Sayaka squints at the bird, then at you. It looks at you, eerily intent for a second, before Sayaka throws it aloft with a gentle toss and grins at you. "Right. The... Kures have apparently been model prisoners so far."

"Was that crow on night shift?" Mami asks, patting your shoulder and giving you an amused look.

"... Hold up. Did you call it Mugin?" you ask.

"Yes and yes!" Sayaka says, grinning. "I noticed there's these two particular ones who show up quite a lot, so I call them Hugin and Mugin."

"Hugin and Mugin were *ravens*," you point out.

"It's a modern retelling," Sayaka says, sniffing. "We can't *all* have ravens. Besides, crows are scary smart!"

"I mean, yeah, they are," you concede.

Hitomi arrives a few moments later, Sayaka wrangling her schoolbag from her the moment she's dropped off from her car. Madoka and Homura show up last with a bright grin on Madoka's part and a wave from Homura that's only slightly awkward. Mami's pleased to see everyone, of course, but Homura gets a particularly warm smile.

"Oh, so... hey, everyone," you say. You're forced to raise your voice a little to be heard over the hubbub as you join the flow of students headed towards Mitakihara Middle School. "You're all part of the team, so - update time for my plans!" You beam at all your friends, and start counting off on your fingers. "I'm going to drop by Fukushima today, if you think there's anything I should raise with Miss Tsuruya, Saturday I'm planning a shopping trip, and Sunday I'm going to be making cleansing trips. Physical outreach as soon as possible, maybe Kyoto or Kyuushu."

"Shopping, or *shopping*?" Hitomi asks, raising her eyebrows.

"Shopping!" you say, raising your eyebrows right back. Should you be *concerned* that Miss Shizuki Probably-Not-A-Yakuza-Princess Hitomi was the first to jump on that euphemism? "Like, at a shopping center and everything, to hang out and pick out a few things. And by hang out, I mean do you guys want to hang out sometime this Saturday?"

"Sure!" Madoka says, perking up. "Oh, ah... what about Tokyo?"

"That is a *good* question, and the only answer I have is 'soon'," you say. "Mmmmonday, maybe? I mean, my weekend has stuff penciled in all over as it is, and today's already Friday, so..." You shrug.

"It would be better to make arrangements sooner than later," Hitomi notes. "At least to agree on a date - better to preempt them than to let them dictate the pace."

"Yeah, that makes sense," you say, looking to Mami for approval. "Right. Note to self, make arrangements for a meeting with the Chiyoda group sooner rather than later."

Mami nods firmly.

"Hey. Hey hey hey," Sayaka says, snapping her fingers to get your attention. "Before we drift too far from the topic, shopping? Because I'm in. Hitomi, Homura? Uhm... I assume you'll be coming, Mami?"

"I am, of course," Mami says with a smile.

"I should be able to make it," Hitomi says. "Morning?"

"Around there, yeah," you say. "Before lunch, then we can get lunch?"

"I'll be there," Homura murmurs. You grin back at her, and even if she's still following one step behind Madoka in more ways than one, you're still pleased with the progress she's made.

"Fantastic!" you say, beaming at everyone. "So I'll confirm the time a bit later but it'll be great to hang out with everyone."

"Well, it's not like we don't do that anyway," Sayaka says with a grin. "But group shopping sounds fun. Maybe I'll get something for Kyousuke?"

"Who?" Madoka says.

"Kyous... oh, don't you start," Sayaka says, narrowing her eyes.

"Start what?" Madoka says with an angelically innocent smile.

"Why am I always the one getting bullied?" Sayaka says plaintively. She throws her hands out, getting a dirty look from another student passing by. "Sorry!"

"Because you and I are the only good targets, Sayaka," you say, reaching out to wrap a companionable arm around her shoulders. "Nothing'd stick to Hitomi, even if we *tried*. And Madoka... look, would you bully Madoka? Would you *really*? Homura would just flip her hair and distract all of us because responding is beneath her, and Mami, naturally, is flawless."

Mami giggles, leaning against you, and from there, you settle back into easy banter and teasing. It's not that far from the school, and as you approach the imposing gates, you exchange farewells with the rest of your friends and turn to Mami, smiling.

"I'll see you at lunch," you say, producing her lunchbox and handing it over with an extravagant flourish. "And... I owe you a kiss?"

Mami smiles, rising up on her tiptoes so that she can brush her lips over your cheek. "Yes, you do. I'll be collecting with interest, so see you soon, Sabrina."

"See you, then!" you say. You pat your cheeks, trying to *will* this embarrassingly red blush off your face as Mami giggles and heads in to the school yard.

You watch until the main doors close behind her and sigh happily to yourself. She's improved so much. She's gotten *better*. There's still those flashes of fear, because a few weeks of happiness don't erase years of trauma. Not in the slightest. But she's doing so much better, and there are no *words* you can use to express how much simply *joy* it brings you to see her happy.

You offer the truancy officer a jaunty wave and a smile before leaving, the man replying with a steady nod. Back to a quiet alleyway and up to a roof and up into the skies over Mitakihara. You bank a lazy circle around the stately fenciness of the school building, and then take off eastwards.

"*Hey, Miss Tsuruya?*" You reach out telepathically, vaguely wondering whether the diminutive girl might still be asleep. Then again, she seems the type to believe in 'early to sleep, early to rise'. "*... I hope I'm not interrupting your sleep?*"

"*Not at all, Miss Vee,*" Yuki responds. "*Are you coming for our meeting right now?*"

"*Not *just* yet, but soon,*" you say. "*I just wanted to confirm that nothing's come up during the meantime, and we're still good for the meeting?*"

"*We are,*" Yuki says.

"*Great. I'll be there,*" you say. "*Oh, and I realise this is rather short notice, but it occurred to me - I don't suppose you've had time to get word out to the other Fukushima groups? So that I can meet with them while I'm there?*"

"*I'll put out a notice,*" Yuki says. "*But I can make no guarantees. As you said, it's short notice.*"

"*I'd be willing to go to them if need be,*" you say. Ooh, a thermal. You bank over it, mingling with the birds and wings flared wide to catch the rising air.

"*Noted,*" Yuki says. "*I'll have more information for you when you arrive, then.*"

"*Alright, thank you, and I'm sorry for the trouble,*" you say.

"*Not at all,*" Yuki says. "*Until later, Miss Vee.*"

"*See you soon!*" you say, and end the call.

A bird promptly lands on your back, perching right behind your shoulders.

You sigh.

"You're Mugin or Hugin, aren't you," you say flatly. "That's why Sayaka was giving me that look earlier."

You get pecked on the back of your head.

Yep.

The crow rides you all the way down to Warehouse-kun, happily hopping up to your shoulder when you land.

"Does Sayaka actually make you more intelligent, or are you just like this?" you ask, giving the bird a glare.

It caws at you, and you shake your head, sighing and pulling up a bit of Grief to sit on, and then a bit more to hold between your hands. You've got a bit of time to experiment before you have to go meet Yuki, and a few ideas. So now you decide what you *want* to do.

You hum tonelessly as you think, tipping your head back to look at the sky. You should probably see about talking to the Shiogama girls in person this afternoon, just to check on them, and perhaps Oriko and Kirika too. The trackers are supposed to be coming in today for them, and you had this vague idea to *suggest* to them about making antimagic enchantments as a peace offering for Homura. Perhaps later.

---

- [x] Stockpile enchanted grief during SCIENCE
- [x] Contact the Shiogama refugees and ask if you could meet with them this afternoon.
- [ ] Science...
  - [ ] As per vote in abeyance
  - [ ] Something else?
- [ ] During the visit to Fukushima
  - [ ] Do you want to meet Anri?
    - [ ] Any particular topic to talk to her about?
  - [ ] Something else?
Word count limit: 150 words**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] SCIENCE!
- [x] Set a timer.
  - [x] Analyze your grief in more detail - can you sense who a given piece of grief came from, or what unhappy thoughts produced it?
    - [x] Try to enchant something to store emotional grief directly - something along the lines of a bittersweet memento.
- [x] With any spare time, continue feeding Clear Seeds hope.

---​

Ugh, I kind of hate to do this, but I'm cutting the update here.

Handling Rionna will be an automatic action.
