# Office Complex pt. 2

Your humming shifts to something more tuneful as you make up your mind, [the](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg37Qlc0YNo) high, running piano and rising strings you vaguely consider your own theme. It's all about the *people*, and in this case, the Shiogama girls, first of all. You've been giving them time and space to *grieve*, not to mention the *capacity* to grieve - when negative emotions are a *direct* threat to your health, allowing yourself to feel a loss is dangerous.

On the other hand, you could also say that you've been negligent. A place to live and sustenance isn't a *life*, as it were. But they've got each other, and you have neither the right nor the context to intrude on that. Everyone heals in their own way, and... you don't know how *they* might.

You're also *slightly* concerned that they might know about the true nature of Witches. It's something to be *carefully* probed at, because this is something you'd rather be *sure* of, and *that* would be something best done face-to-face.

Still.

A check-in right now can't hurt, and it'd let you arrange things for said face-to-face meeting.

"*Miss Saito, Miss Watanabe?*" you call out into the aether. "*Are you awake?*"

"*I am, Miss Sabrina,*" Noriko responds promptly, and to you alone. "*Akemi's still asleep. I can wake her if you need us?*"

"*No, no!*" you say, leaning forward on the bench to prop your chin on your fist and elbow against your knee. "*Sorry, I didn't wake you, did I?*"

"*No, I was awake,*" Noriko says.

"*Ah, gotcha,*" you say. And you can read between the lines of that rather *bleak* tone of voice, can't you? Trouble sleeping. "*Is now a good time to talk?*"

"*... Sure,*" Noriko says. "*What do you need?*"

"*Well, I wanted to do a quick check-in,*" you say, watching as Mugin scrabbles over the sandy courtyard of Warehouse-kun, hopping and pecking around. "*And I thought that if it's OK with you, I might drop in this afternoon?*"

"*Ah... yes, that would be fine,*" Noriko says.

"*How's everything going?*" you ask. "*Is the apartment and all that alright? Food? And I hope Miss Saito's doing well?*"

"*The apartment is more than we could have asked for,*" Noriko says. "*Uhm... we've done some shopping for groceries, yes. And she's fine, we just had a late night, that's all.*"

"*Good. That's good,*" you say, trying not to kick at the sandy ground like the awkward teenager you are. "*Right. So... I'll see you this afternoon, yeah? After lunch, but before three or so, most likely.*"

"*We'll be here,*" Noriko promises.

"*Hokay. See you then!*" you say, and sign off. You're still not used to the sheer *diffidence* you get from the Shiogama girls, and in many ways, you hope you'll never get used to it - from them, or anyone else. You're powerful. You're *privileged*. But that just means you need to be mindful of the effect that has on other people.

You sigh quietly, shaking your head and trying to put those thoughts aside for now, because *now* is the time for *Science*.

... Well, speaking of the *time*, the first thing is to set a timer for yourself on your phone so that you don't overshoot. You tap it out on your phone and set it down on the Grief bench beside you, speaker facing up. And with that done, the first thing is for you to experiment a little more with Grief itself.

You knead a blob between your hands, thinking. Grief is Grief, but is Grief *grief*? Small-g grief, the *emotion* is something intensely *personal*. Everyone heals in their own way, conversely, everyone *grieves* in their own way.

So...

One person's grief is not the same as someone else's grief. Is one person's *G*rief different from someone else's?

You stare down at the blob held between your hands. At first glance, little more than a smooth lump of deep purple, but as you look at it longer, you notice how the surface *wavers*, shifting and twisting in dizzying, fractal patterns. You cast your senses at it, mundane and magical and Grief senses.

It's just Grief. You don't notice anything in particular about it, but maybe that's because you aren't comparing it to anything - so you cleanse your own Soul Gem, drawing that filmy patina of Grief into a separate fragment. You hold both of the Grief chunks out, one hovering over either hand like brooding little omens of misfortune.

... omens of misfortune.

You sit bolt upright, glaring at Sayaka's crow. "*Wait* a second," you say. "It's Hugin and *Munin*, not Mugin."

It seems to recognise its name, stopping its investigation of the ground to fix you with one beady eye.

"Then again, it might also be a pun," you inform it. "Mugin, mugging. Or just a rhyming pair of words. You like shiny things, right?"

Mugin caws at you.

"Also, I have no idea whether you even understand me, or why I'm talking to you," you say. "I'm not *that* hard-up for things to do. But here. I'll give you a shiny, in hopes that it serves as a peace offering."

You grab a bolt off the ground with a bit of Grief, polishing it to mirror-finish with a thought before dropping it in front of Mugin. The crow inspects it carefully, cocking its head to the side before apparently deciding that it's acceptable and placing a possessive foot on top of it.

"Right. No more pecking," you say, waggling your finger at Mugin, and turn your attention to marginally more productive things - trying to differentiate Grief. You set the smaller blob in orbit around the other, like a tiny, tiny moon drawn into the gravitational field of a planet.

Is there a difference between the two?

The answer, it would appear, is no. Not as far as you can tell - they're the same, with no hint of what thought or cause was behind either bit of Grief. Maybe it's something to do with the way you perceive Grief, or maybe the way you acquire Grief - at a second hand, after it's been filtered through a Soul Gem. Maybe Grief only *corresponds* to grief in a generic way.

Maybe it's just poetic. There's no sadness too big or too small that you shouldn't try to help.

Alright. Next experiment, then.

Magic is emotion, and emotion is magic. And *your* magic is *control*.

Can you *imbue* emotions into Grief? Clear Seeds and Grief Seeds both suck up Grief. Could you serve them up the emotional and magical equivalent of a steaming bowl of chicken noodle soup to perk them up? It'd be a good step on the road to de-Witching.

Something along the lines of enchanted Grief, perhaps. But something so diametrically *oxymoronic* as joy or hope infused Grief... well, you'd rather than start with something less fundamentally opposed to the very *nature* of Grief. Something just a shade further along the spectrum, bittersweetness, perhaps.

You can't truly recall a time when you felt the like. You've always been a person of emotional extremes, haven't you? Happiness, sadness, hope, despair... Distinct, and clear cut. But there *is* something.

Mami's recovery is unambiguously a thing of joy. To see her rediscovering her strength, to see her truly learning to *smile* again instead of putting up a facade is nothing less than *everything*. And yet it's something leavened by a twinge of regret.

Kyuubey laid the foundations. Built her up on a foundation of shifting sand. It was the one to bring her students who would ultimately abandon her, *using* her. And yet.

*You* were the one who brought the breakdown. Ultimately for the better, but those niggling thoughts - could you have done it better, could you have done it *different*, do you have the *right*... Well. To doubt is to be human. And *yet*.

Mami is happier. She's truly happy. Because of you, because of your -*her*- friends.

You imagine the thoughts crystallizing, the regret and the joy mingling and flowing down your arm, to your fingertips...

And into the Grief.

The Grief soaks up the emotion, the *magic*, without fuss, and you keep it up, slowly kneading magic into the Grief over the course of minutes. You vaguely wonder *why* you need to do that, physically squish magic in to enchant it, but that might be a topic for later examination. For now, you just focus on holding the emotion.

It takes a bit to finish, and at some point, Mugin flutters off with the bolt before returning to peck around your feet. The Grief, though... the Grief doesn't look any different, just another fist-sized lump of disconcerting, eye-bending despair congealed into solid form, but it *feels* different. It doesn't even feel like regular enchanted Grief, and touching it with the back of a knuckle gives you a sense of melancholy regret.

Huh.

That's *interesting*.

Unfortunately, it did take a while -longer than ordinary enchanted Grief, volume for volume- and you're just about out of time. Between talking to Noriko and this experiment, you're just about out of time... but it's not like you can't keep this around and poke at it more later.

"Alrighty!" you declare. Mugin looks up from pecking at the ground. "Time to head to Fukushima." You offer the bird your hand, beaming when it hops out seemingly without any fear to perch on your shoulder. "You're friendly, aren't you? Do you even know where Fukushima is? Probably not."

You take flight on a Grief platform, Mugin scrabbling about the smooth floor with what seems to be both curiosity and annoyance, but it doesn't actually seem inclined to fly *away*. Awfully tame, that bird.

"*Hey, Mami,*" you reach out with your mind as Mitakihara dwindles beneath and behind you. "*How are you?*"

"*I'm doing quite well!*" Mami says happily. "*Ah... you were right about the church - Gothic revival, not original Gothic construction. You know, for my homework?*"

"*It was just a guess,*" you say. "*Semi-educated guess, but I'm glad! I wouldn't want to lead you astray.*"

"*You would never,*" Mami says with a warm laugh. "*How about you, Sabrina? How are you?*"

"*Well, I'm headed to Fukushima right now to meet with Miss Tsuruya, maybe the other Fukushima groups too if it can be arranged.*"

"*Ah, that's good thinking,*" Mami says. "*It might be good to check her feelings about Tokyo in person, too? Oh, and, ah... Homura was intending to acquire a house for Miss Tsuruya to claim, wasn't she? It's only been two days, but it might be worth checking with Homura? Miss Tsuruya is sure to ask.*"

"*Hmm... yeah, I could raise that with Miss Tsuruya,*" you muse. "*And I'll ask Homura - good thinking, Mami. Thanks for the tip! How are classes? Art now, I presume?*"

Mami's voice in your mind, Grief to enchant, Japan unwinding in fields and roads beneath you, the trip almost blurs past. You check with Homura, too, because Mami's right, and anticipating questions is a good thing. Almost before you know it, you're slowing for the final descent to Fukushima, pulling in your Grief nanofog and bidding Mami a farewell for now.

Yuki steps out onto the roof ahead of your arrival, striding up through the solid concrete of her office building as if ascending a staircase. For all that she's still a tiny little waif of a girl, she moves with confidence and simple assurance as she catches sight of you and raises one hand in a wave.

"Good morning!" you call as you coast in for a gentle landing on the roof, Grief platform seething out of existence around you. Mugin caws in protest, flapping up to your shoulder.

"Good morning, Miss Vee," Yuki says, returning your greeting with a sharp nod. "You appear to have acquired a passenger."

"Ah, yeah, this is my friend's bird," you say. You resist the urge to shrug. "Sayaka -you met her in Mitakihara- picked up an animal communication power, and I'm pretty sure she told Mugin here to bother me all day."

"I see!" Yuki says, flashing Mugin a sharp grin. "My, aren't *you* a handsome little thing."

Mugin caws loudly.

"I'll be honest, I'm not sure how much Mugin actually understands," you admit, wincing a little. That was right next to your *ear*, dammit. "Anyway. It's a pleasure to meet you again, Miss Tsuruya."

"Likewise," Yuki says. "Welcome back to Fukushima, Miss Vee. Please, come in."

"Thank you," you say with a smile. You follow her down, by the actual stairs this time, admiring the building. Despite having been here before, you're still almost startled by how much living *magic* is woven into the very fabric of the walls. "How are things here in Fukushima?"

"Quite good, though we haven't recieved any job requests lately," Yuki says, not looking at you as she descends the stairs almost daintily one hand on the bannister. "Dry spells happen, of course, and it's only been a few days since. But word of mouth is moving fast, and in some ways, it feels like Japan is holding its breath, all the little rivalries and brushfire wars held on a knife's edge."

She chuckles lightly, slanting a sidelong look at you.

"We live in exciting times," she concludes.

"Er... I'm sorry?" you say.

"Oh, no, don't be," Yuki says, raising a finger. "I've thrown my support for you, in any case. I *am* genuinely glad for that."

"And I'm glad for that support," you say. "Speaking of, uh, support, how secure can you make your territory against outside espionage? Including against Kyuubey?"

Yuki frowns, steps slowing as all of the mischief drops off her face, leaving nothing but an intent, calculating look.

"Secure enough that telepathy fails, if need be," she says. "But there's no way to be truly sure if he's simply pretending or not. Why do you ask?"

"Private discussions for later," you say.

"Ah," Yuki says, frowning. "How important is it?"

"Relatively so, I'd say," you admit. "It's information you should be aware of, and it pertains tangentially to Miss Anri, too."

"Hmm," Yuki says. Her frown deepens a little, looking disconcertingly out of place on her far-too-young face. "I'd rather handle that as our first matter, then, unless you would prefer otherwise? It's somewhat disruptive."

"I can also provide privacy through my own magic," you offer, tilting your head as you notice a few magical presences through the thick saturation of magic that is Yuki's territory. Four of them - the rest of Yuki's group, then, just a few floors further down. "If it costs too much?"

"Oh, no, it's not the cost," Yuki says. "Besides, with the Clear Seed you provided, I can afford to be profligate, and if it's important, I would prefer it be handled first."

"Uh... sure, then," you say. "I suppose I don't have a real preference on that. By the by, did any of the other local groups agree to meet?"

"Just the Hirano group," Yuki says. "I'm afraid the Azuma group didn't respond, if you were interested in meeting the volcano supervillain group."

You laugh.

"Well, *maybe* I'll drop on them sometime," you say. "But that's fine. Thank you for putting in the effort."

"Of course," she says. She stops at a stairwell and leads you out into the corridor and the meeting room across the stairwell. It's *luxuriously* furnished, thick carpet and solid wood table dominating the room.

"I'll be securing the room now?" Yuki asks with a raised eyebrow at you, and at your nod - flares *bright* with magic. Your awareness of the magic around you *twists*, almost as if the world beyond the confines of the room collapsed around you, but you can still sense the Soul Gems of Yuki's group beyond.

"Oh wow," you say, wincing. "That's... disconcerting."

"Ah, I didn't realise you were quite that sensitive," Yuki says. "My apologies."

"No, no, it's fine, just *weird*," you say. "Is this a... spatial distortion of some kind?"

"Essentially," Yuki says, nodding and gesturing at the chairs. "Drink?"

"Ah... just tea?" you say. You sit down, and watch with fascination as an entire teaset bubbles up through solid wood.

"Ceylon tea, courtesy of Shinobu," Yuki says with a slightly amused smile. "I figured that you might prefer it, given your association with Miss Tomoe."

You chuckle, accepting a cup of tea. Yuki leans back in her chair, obviously waiting for you to elaborate.

Witches, then, and de-Witching. Given Nadia's response, this is something of a tricky subject, so a bit more thought might be appropriate here.

**\[] How do you raise de-Witching?
Word count limit: 150 words**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X] Upon arriving:
\-\[X] Thank Fukushima again for their assistance.
\-\[X] Ask how secure Yuki can make her territory from QB's eavesdropping.
\-\[X] Hand over Rionna, "offscreen".
\-\[X] Ask if they have information about:
\--\[X] The Soujus.
\--\[X] The Murasaki Shrine Maidens.
\--\[X] Trustworthy magical girls with empathy/therapy powers.
\[X] With Yuki, privately:
\-\[X] Discuss your dewitching plans, in the context of Airi's mental state.
\--\[X] Keep in mind Nadia's reaction, and reassure Yuki that you're being cautious, ethical, and methodical.
\-\[X] Request letting Airi channel her emotions into Yuuri's grief seed - this will require temporarily removing the anti-magic manacle.
\-\[X] Ask for a more detailed overview of Airi's mental state, to inform your approach to her.

\=====​

Yeah, just that bit of vote - unless you specifically want to countermand something for the vote in abeyance, I'll be continuing with it.
