# Office Complex pt. 7

You cough quietly into the silence.

You *did* think that you might apologise, and now appears to be the ideal time. You *don't* regret having intervened or having taken down, but, well. Perfection is asymptotic, and you'd come nowhere close. You could have done *better*.

Not in the fight. You were desperate, fighting back without enough skill or experience to *temper* your attacks. But there were other things that you could have done, *could* have thought of at the time.

"I'm sorry I didn't... I'm sorry that I didn't try and contact *all* the parties involved, back in Sendai," you say. You flick your eyes over to Yuki. "I'm not going to insult your pride and say that I might have convinced you to renege on your contract, but... I don't know."

"Damn right we wouldn't have backed out," Atsuko says, scowling.

"Exactly so," Yuki says, motioning towards Atsuko. "It's both a matter of pride and our reputation - I doubt you could have taken us out of the fight just from diplomacy, Miss Vee."

"Perhaps, but... I suppose, at the very least, we might have been able to reduce the collateral damage," you say. "You girls, you're..." You grin weakly. "You're reasonable, rational, and realistic, and all sorts of other complimentary r-words, and I can't imagine we couldn't have talked *some* part of it out. I could have done better, I *should* have done better, and I'm apologising that I didn't."

"Perhaps. But what's done is done, Miss Vee. There's little point in dwelling on it," Yuki says. The side of her mouth ticks up into an amused little smirk. "But if you feel the need to submit an AAR, by all means."

"Don't even joke about it, I just might," you say, taking the joke for what it is - an olive branch, an agreement to smooth it over. "... *do* you guys do, uh, internal after action reports?"

"Only verbally," Yuki says.

"Which is, really, a fancy way of saying we like to bitch about our jobs after they're done," Sasami adds. She catches Atsuko's eye and shrugs. "What? It's true."

"And there's a *lot* to bitch about," Shinobu adds. "God but they get weird sometimes."

"I'd love to hear your war stories sometime," you note. "You must have plenty."

"Oh, *yes*," Shinobu says, eyes gleaming.

"Sssooooo if we're all done with serious matters for now," Moe says. "Can I ask something personal?"

"Sure?" you say.

"You and Tomoe Mami?" Moe says.

"Ah... yeah?" you say, colouring faintly.

"No, I mean like... what's she really like?" Moe says.

"She's beautiful," you say without hesitation. "Not just physically. She's brilliant, and kind, and insightful, and..." You shake your head, a touch of chagrin in your smile. "She helped me be a *person*. She's my angel, my guiding light, and I am so lucky she's my friend, let alone anything more."

"Aww!" Moe coos, hands clasped and all but starry-eyed. She's not the only one, either, Shinobu and even Sasami and Yuki looking a bit misty-eyed.

You chuckle a bit ruefully. "Sorry, I tried to dial it back a notch."

"That was dialed back?" Atsuko says.

"Oh, yes, you could stick a tap in me and get maple syrup out when it comes to Mami. I mean, look, sometimes I have to resist the urge to break out into bad poetry," you say, smiling. "She's my anchor."

"A true romance for the ages?" Yuki says, chuckling. "She is famously isolationist, you know. It's *remarkable* that she's let anyone else take up residence in Mitakihara."

"That's... not true," you say, brows knitting faintly. "The isolationism, I mean. Mami isn't. She just has... high standards for behaviour. And I mean, she has students scattered all over Japan, doesn't she?"

"True enough," Yuki says, nodding slightly. "We considered recruiting her once, for her strength. She's held Mitakihara by herself for so long... but there lay the problem, really. She held a city - she wouldn't settle for being part of a team, or so we concluded at the time."

"If anything, she would have probably invited you over to Mitakihara," you say, shaking your head.

Of course, you're politely eliding the fact that they might very well have later come to blows over differences in their ideals, had Mami invited them over to Mitakihara at the time. Especially with Kyuubey meddling. Things are different, here and now, which is why you're happy enough to just... *slip* past those specifics.

And who says you can't be diplomatic?

"Lost opportunities," Yuki says, shaking her head. "Such is life, I suppose."

"... Well, uh," you continue after a moment. "And there's also the fact is that her isolation was partially driven by a certain white rat, too. Just..." You look around the room. "I think you all know as well as I do the, ah, facts of life. That magical girl life isn't usually *nice*, or kind."

You slip into telepathy, at the same time. "*Miss Tsuruya, is your team cleared to know about... the unsavoury details related to what we discussed in privacy?*"

"*They are,*" Yuki responds in the same way, with a measured nod that could be a response to either your telepathic message or your spoken words.

"There are... benefits to keeping magical girls unable to reach out to one another," you say. "To keep us ignorant and fearful and suspicious. It's why I'm here, you know? I want us to... I dunno. Maybe being friends is a hard ask for now, with Sendai being raw. But I want us to at least understand each other a bit. Friend*ly*, if not friends?"

"Hear, hear," Shinobu says, snapping her fingers and hoisting a giant mug of something dark-coloured and foamy. "Oh, here-"

A similar mug appears on the table in front of everyone.

"Root beer," Shinobu says, winking at you. "Calorie-free. Everything free, actually, it takes more effort to make it *have* calories. Still tastes great!"

There's a clatter of clawed feet as Mugin hops up to the table, inspecting the shiny new objects curiously, and is promptly rewarded by Moe providing it with careful headrubs.

Yuki chuckles, raising her own mug to clink against Shinobu's. "I think we've had more than our share of experience in the matter," she says, looking around at her team. "And I think I can speak for all of us when I say that we truly do appreciate it."

"I'm trying," Atsuko says and takes a long draught from her mug before shrugging. "That's all I can say."

"I mean... at least we're all on the same page?" you say, making it a question as you clink your mug against Shinobu's, then Yuki's, and take a sip. You let it roll over your tongue, rich and sweet and just a bit tart, hints of vanilla hiding under the pleasant fixx. "Mm. This *is* good."

"Rather," Yuki says. She flashes Shinobu a smile before turning her attention back to you. "It's a worthy goal, Miss Vee."

Hah. And wasn't *she* the one who raised it in the first place?

"Still, we should perhaps be wrapping this up for now," Yuki says, eyes flicking to the wall clock. "I didn't put a hard meeting time with the Hirano group, but I did suggest sooner, rather than later. Do you have anything else to bring up, Miss Vee?"

"Yeah, actually, and hopefully this won't take too long - first, have you heard to the Soujus?" you say.

A round of shaken heads goes around.

"They're... uhm," you say. "They're twins who share the same body, Souju Ayase and Luca. I don't know the specifics, but I understand they're, uh, slightly insane and collect Soul Gems. More pertinently, I understand they're heading in my general direction. Towards Mitakihara, I mean."

"They collect *Soul Gems*?" Sasami asks. Horror flashes across her face, chased by raw, visceral *disgust*.

"Yeah," you say. "Like I said, a bit insane. I... I have to admit, I'm not absolutely sure of all the specifics, but that's what I know in general."

Yuki leans forward, expression utterly intent. "You're sure about your source, Miss Vee?"

"Ehh..." You screw your face up. "The where and when? Yes, I trust that. They're likely to arrive in Mitakihara around Monday or so. Three days from now, give or take a bit. That they're twins in one body who collect Soul Gems, yes. The *whys* of that... ehhhhhh."

"Understandable," Yuki says with a nod. "Alright. Will you require help with repelling them?"

"I doubt it," you say. "Even if she were an utter combat monster, we have weight of numbers and advance knowledge of her - and we've got Mami, so no. But I wanted to warn you in case she passed through here on the way over, and just to warn you that I will, uh, probably be remanding her to you? Again, I really, *really* need to get a therapist on staff."

"Ah," Yuki says, giving you a considering look. "That shouldn't be a problem. Thank you for the warning." Her eyes narrow. "Are they after *you*?"

"Aaaalmost certainly," you say, grimacing. "I mean, I can't say for *sure*, but they collect Soul Gems for their... unique radiance, and not to put too fine a point on it, mine is probably especially so. Either that, or some kind of Witchy abomination, I have no idea which."

"It would only make sense," Yuki mutters. "We'll put out some feelers, and see if any of our contacts have heard anything."

"On that note - I wanted to ask you more about the Iowa group, actually," you say. "Since you've heard of them?"

"Ah. So do I, as a matter of fact," Yuki says with a grimace. "I've actually put out word on the subject *already*, but apart from Miss Bennouna, I don't have too many international connections. I'm awaiting word from a few places, but I'd be happy to share what I get when I receive it?"

"I'd be grateful for that," you say. "Though, uh... is there anything you can share *now*?"

"A bit about their tactics," Yuki says, frowning. "About their powers... not too much by way of specifics."

"Anything at all would be helpful," you say.

Yuki nods thoughtfully, raising her mug and taking a long chug of rootbeer.

"They rely on shock and awe," Yuki says. "That much has been a common thread. I *suspect* they have a clairvoyant of some kind, because another common thread is that they nearly always arrive in a perfect position to demoralize the defenders, often by destroying or occupying some location of significance, or even catching one of the defenders alone and then maiming them to send a message."

"How many of them are there?" you ask. A frown grows on your own face. A clairvoyant. That *does* make things difficult.

"I'm uncertain," Yuki admits. "Accounts range from six to eleven."

"Six to eleven," you muse. "Huh. Somehow, that's less than I expected."

"I would suspect it leans to the lighter end of that," Yuki says. "Larger magical groups are... resource intensive and consequently unstable."

"Ah. Yeah, I can see that," you say. "Sheesh."

"I'll let you know when I have more certain information," Yuki says, nodding.

"That'd be fantastic," you say. "'cuz... yeah. I'm *preeeetty* sure Mitakihara is going to be a target."

"Unfortunately, I concur," Yuki says. "We'll be there, when the time comes."

"Hell yeah," Atsuko says. "I mean... honestly, I'd kinda like to match myself against a group like *that*. No holds barred."

"No holds barred got us in trouble last time," Yuki says mildly. "*Some* holds barred, Atsuko."

"Yeah..." Atsuko says, darting a look at you.

"Anyway," you say. "Uh... Miss Tsuruya, you mentioned the Hirano group was waiting on me, right?"

"Somewhat, yes," Yuki says. "Would you like to see them now?"

"I think so, yeah," you say.

"Very well, then," Yuki says, polishing off her mug of root beer and getting to her feet. "Behave, girls."

"No promises," Moe says, waggling a finger at Yuki.

"It was great meeting you, Miss Vee," Shinobu says.

"Likewise," you say, grinning back at her as you hop to your feet. "And the same to all of you - thanks for hearing me out, and I'll see you around."

Sasami waves a good-bye to you, Shinobu raising her mug once more in salute, and Atusko manages a polite goodbye. Moe grins and touches a two-fingered salute to her temple as you woo Mugin up to your shoulder with the last few sunflower seeds and head out of the room, following Yuki.

"The Hirano group are based near the Hirano station," Yuki says conversationally as she leads you down the corridor. "As their name implies. They're friendly enough, and in truth, I would call them an average group. They *do* have a foreign girl by the name of Diana Graham who *is* rather powerful, but that's all that I can really say about them."

"How's their hunting situation?" you ask, ambling along at an easy pace so as not to overtake Yuki. Mugin perches happily on your shoulder, preening.

"Average, I would say, but I don't know for sure," Yuki responds. "I can't say I've heard of any issues on their end, or had any territorial conflicts."

"Gotcha," you say.

"Indulge my curiosity, if you would?" Yuki says. "Why *do* you want to meet them? Is it just to introduce yourself?"

**\[] Why *do* you want to meet them?
\- \[] Write-in
\[] How do you introduce yourself, any particular conversation points to hit?
\[x] Ask Yuki about sharing her contacts**

\=====​

... so I'm pretty sure I've been spelling 'Souju' and 'Soujo' this entire time, and just noticed.

Uhh.

Whoops?
