# Office Complex pt. 9

It's not that hard a decision.

"I think this is more your story to tell than mine, Miss Tsuruya," you say. You had a part in it -a major part, even- but it was *her* people, *her* mission, and this is *her* turf. You doubt she's going to cast aspersions on you either, since you're allies, and besides, you're curious about how she might frame the events.

Lots of good reasons.

And here's one last one: it's a *bit* true that you talk a lot. You like to control conversations. Talking is good, because it means people aren't fighting. You don't want to fight, and you don't want people to fight. You want them to sit down and *talk*, because fighting doesn't resolve differences. It just puts one party in a position to *force* the other to *listen*.

Sometimes that's necessary.

Sometimes people need to be *forced* to listen. You hate that.

But not here. Not today. Not here and now. You can afford to relinquish control.

Yuki quirks an eyebrow at you and shrugs before turning back to the Hirano group.

"Did you hear about our job in Sendai?" she asks, tilting her head in a rather cutesy way.

"Somewhat," Hina says in a judiciously neutral tone.

"*Hah. And that's what she really wants out of the story. Gossip.*" Yuki's murmur passes right into your mind without the intervention of your ears at the same time as she speaks out loud. "My girls were hired by Hamasaki Akiko, from the Sendai group - we were to fight alongside them."

"*Is that bad?*" you ask, disguising any microexpressions or whatever you might have made with a gulp from the mug Hina handed you - which, it turns out, is full of green tea sweetened with honey. You prop yourself up with one arm on the picnic blanket, taking in the scenery and listening as Yuki explains.

"Oh?" Hina asks, eyes bright.

"It *looked* like a minor turf war that had been simmering for months, and was about to spiral into a full-fledged conflict. And of course, we didn't know that Miss Vee would be weighing in... or Tomoe Mami," Yuki says with a sheepish shrug and smile. "*It's just what she's like. She loves gossip.*"

"Tomoe Mami? She was there?" Hina says, leaning forward a little - perhaps unconsciously. You can see Diana roll her eyes, out of Hina's line of sight. She shrugs when she sees you looking.

You're sort of curious about her story, you have to admit.

"She was!" Yuki says brightly. "I sent my girls in, of course. Atsuko, Sasami, Moe. And they, along with the entirety of the Sendai team, ran headlong into the Mitakihara group. Smack!" Yuki emphasizes it with a slap of her palm against her thigh. "And they were healed, and sent away with a scolding for collateral damage. Miss Vee offered them a deal at the time, but they didn't stay to hear it out."

Well-deserved is one way to put it. You're still more than a little sour about the whole mess. *Casualties*.

Feh.

You put that aside, shaking yourself a little.

"The Sendai University group was there too," you note, vaguely beholden to defend them as well. "And they did their share of the fighting, too."

"But... you're allies now?" Hina asks, goggling a little.

"Miss Vee was persistent enough to seek further contact," Yuki says, smiling brightly. "This time, I took the opportunity to find out a little more, and, yes, I thought it would be better to be punching out *with* her. So we drew up a defence pact!"

"Huh!" Hina says, rocking backwards. "That's really cool! There's a Mitakihara coalition now?"

"This, I think, would be best left to Miss Vee to explain," Yuki says. She gestures towards you, raising her own mug for a sip.

"Well..." you say, blinking at the sudden feint, but then again, turnabout is fair play, you suppose. You sit up, focusing. "I mean, ultimately, the answer is yes, there is. Mami, Homura, Sayaka, myself, plus Oriko and Kirika, I suppose, though the last two are... complicated, and a few others in the city who aren't officially affiliated with us. And the Shiogama group."

"You're on first name basis with Tomoe Mami?" Hina asks, almost at the same time as Diana speaking.

"The Shiogama group?" Diana asks, brows knitting into a frown. "Isn't Shiogama... you know, another town entirely?"

"Yes, and yes," you say. "They... lost a member, and they're in a bad place, so we offered them a place to stay."

"With your cleansing powers?" Hina asks, jumping onto the topic with both feet.

"Yup," you say, wobbling your hand from side to side. "I've been giving them time to adjust - this is a recent enough thing that we haven't really made any formal arrangement yet other than allowing them to stay in Mitakihara, so... I guess they're part of our group, but not formally so yet."

"Noble of you," Diana says.

"I see it as doing the right thing," you say calmly. "They need the help, and I'm in the right place to provide that help."

"Like a modern day Robin Hood!" Hina says happily.

"I... I suppose," you say. If what they'd heard of you came from the Sendai incident... well, you *were* rather insistent about redistributing Sendai's Grief Seeds.

Speaking of which, you really need to stop blurting out the whole thing with the yakuza. One day, you're going to accidentally mention it in earshot of actual yakuza - or maybe *to* a yakuza. There *are* yakuza magical girls, after all.

Right. Note to self, stop blurting that out to strangers.

"How did you come to be in Japan, Miss Vee?" Diana asks, giving you a curious look. "If I may ask?"

"Ah, yes. I admit, I'm curious, too," Hina says, blinking curious, purple eyes at you. She flashes you a thumbs-up. "Your Japanese is *excellent*, if I may say so?"

"Thank you, and, uh, it's... complicated," you say, wincing and rubbing at the back of your neck. "I'd rather not lie to you, so let's just say that I don't know for *sure*, even if I have some very good theories as to how I got here that I'd rather not talk about?"

That gets you a curious look from Yuki, but she doesn't say anything.

"Ah, a mysterious stranger who blew in on the wind, just to add to the Robin Hood mystique," Diana says, nodding. She purses her lips. "My parents emigrated here when I was young, in case you're curious. Nothing so exciting."

"I was, actually," you admit sheepishly.

Hina laughs cheerfully, beaming at Diana. "But she's gone native now," she says. "Anyway. We've gotten off track, and that was my fault. What can we help you with, Miss Vee?"

"Well, the Shiogama girls and my powers are a good segue, really," you say. "So... the reason we can afford to support them in Mitakihara is that I can cleanse Soul Gems - truly, genuinely cleanse them, as opposed to moving it into another receptacle. I can demonstrate, if you'd like?"

"I can vouch for that," Yuki says, folding her hands on her lap in a way that somehow makes her look even tinier and more vulnerable than she normally does. It's probably the way that she just disappears under her costume's cloak, really. "I've witnessed it."

"Maybe later," Hina says. "Go on?"

"So..." You launch into your usual spiel, well-practiced and familiar by this point. Cleansing, your desire to *help*, and Clear Seeds, all interspersed with sips of tea which you'll begrudgingly admit isn't bad.

"We have one, courtesy of Miss Vee," Yuki chimes in to add.

"Seems like the kind of thing a *lot* of people would be after," Hina says, wincing. "But you're offering this to us?"

"I am," you say steadily, meeting her eyes. "I'm offering it to every magical girl that I meet, because we *all* deserve to live a life free of having to, to *scrabble* for basic dignity and sustenance."

"And all you want is for us to be nice," Hina says, and looks away, sighing. "Unfortunately, I... think we have to decline."

"Hina-" Diana starts, but Hina shakes her head.

"Not that we can't be nice," Hina says with a weak smile. "But we're not combat powerhouses in the way Miss Tsuruya's group is. We do well enough for Witches, but... if anyone really tried to steal this from us, we wouldn't be able to do much."

Diana scowls, folding her arms grumpily, but she doesn't say anything..

"I mean, even if I guaranteed my personal intervention if that happened?" you say. "Which I *do*. A Clear Seed is... I *can't* and *won't* allow these to be taken by force, because not only is it enough power for virtually *any* magical girl to go on a rampage, it'd be the kind of thing that would lead to outright *war* if these could be taken."

"I'm a simple girl, Miss Vee," Hina says, shaking her head. "And Miss Tsuruya's group aside, Fukushima's a pretty sleepy city. Magical girl-wise, I mean. I don't think I want to risk it."

---

- [ ] Press the matter
  - [ ] How so?
- [ ] Don't pressure them, it's their choice
- [ ] Afterwards...
  - [ ] Anything else to raise with Yuki?
  - [x] Try and collect Mugin before heading back for lunch

---

Alrighty. Apologies for the late update, again.
