# Office Complex pt. 18

"*Only if she wants to come,*" you say after a moment's thought. You have this vague feeling that that's effectively a *no*, given the last time you'd seen Ono. "*And no, I don't have any specific meeting place in mind. Did you have an idea?*"

"*I'll ask her, then,*" Hiroko says. "*Think she said something about wanting to have words with you, anyway.*"

"*And there's a lovely dessert place that opened up recently!*" Masami says. "*Chinese style desserts, if you like that kind of thing?*"

"*Works for me!*" you say. You'd swear Ono wants to meet you just to throw all your expectations in your face, hah. Then again, maybe the Animators beat some sense into her.

"*Alright, so the dessert parlour is 4-17-8 Sabita,*" Masami says. "*When're you coming over?*"

"*Hm...*" you say, considering the clock. You'll need to talk to the Shiogama girls, after all, and possibly under privacy at that. At least you can prepare enchanted Grief on the way over, just in case. "*In about forty five minutes or so?*"

Heck, there's no reason get started on the enchanted Grief right now, and so you do just that, pulling a blob of congealed suffering from your extradimensional storage space to knead between your hands and mould to your will.

... When you put it that way, it *does* sound rather odd.

"*That works!*" Hiroko says. "*See you then!*"

"*I'll let you know when we're headed over,*" you say as Masami adds her farewells, and turn your attention back to the screen as the connection breaks.

The American girls don't really seem to be inclined to talk about harder topics - not online, anyway. Just a place to chat with their friends, which is something you can *entirely* understand. You were thinking of raising the Iowa group with them, but perhaps not today, especially since you'd said that you were just here to hang out.

Besides, you *do* have potential information coming in your direction on several fronts. The Iowa group might be from America, but that doesn't mean that, say, the milesgloriousus group necessarily has up to date information on them. You can afford to wait a little - they're not going anywhere.

> ​
>
> \[13:35:08] \<Fireblade> There is nothing wrong with Hawaiian shirts.​
>
> \[13:35:13] \<TomatoPotato> on other people, no​
>
> \[13:35:16] \<Fireblade> Nor on me! ​
>
> \[13:35:17] \<TomatoPotato> yuh-huh​
>
> \[13:35:26] \<Fireblade> Whiterabbit back me up here.​
>
> \[13:35:33] \<Whiterabbit> other styles suit you better <3​
>
> \[13:35:34] \<Fireblade> ...​
>
> \[13:35:37] \<Fireblade> whyyyyyyy​
>
> \[13:35:37] \<GriefBeGone> Nothing wrong with hawaiian shirts!​
>
> \[13:35:37] \<GriefBeGone> Unless, I dunno, maybe it's like the shuttershades thing, except in reverse.​
>
> \[13:35:40] \<Genesis> shutter shades thing?​
>
> \[13:35:45] \<Genesis> do we wanna know?​
>
> \[13:35:45] \<GriefBeGone> Eh, nothing much to say there, really​
>
> \[13:35:45] \<GriefBeGone> Mami doesn't want me to wear shuttershades, and I suppose mostly I agree that they don't look good on me, but part of me thinks that it can't hurt to \*try\*​
>
> \[13:35:45] \<GriefBeGone> So yeah, the shutter shades thing.​
>
> \[13:35:47] \<NotANickname> I mean​
>
> \[13:35:50] \<NotANickname> she's right​
>
> \[13:35:56] \<NotANickname> shutter shades are No​
>
> \[13:35:56] \<EleseCanGoDie> ^​
>
> \[13:36:10] \<Fireblade> ... okay, how in the everburning blazes of heck are you typing that fast?​
>
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You look down at your hands, still busily kneading and infusing Grief with magic, and then you look at the keyboard, with small blobs of Grief resting on every key.

You grin.

> ​
>
> \[13:36:11] \<GriefBeGone> By transcending the limitations of mere, base flesh, nay, even that of matter itself. I have achieved a lesser nirvana, for is not harmony being able to speak your mind and to \*understand\*? Behold the power of this FULLY ARMED AND OPERATION GRIEF-ACTUATED KEYBOARD​
>
> \[13:36:11] \<Fireblade> ...​
>
> \[13:36:15] \<Fireblade> Fair enough.​
>
> \[13:36:22] \<EleseCanGoDie> actually if you're typing with grief​
>
> \[13:36:34] \<EleseCanGoDie> isn't it the opposite of fully \*armed\*​
>
> \[13:36:38] \<TomatoPotato> Completely unarmed?​
>
> \[13:36:38] \<GriefBeGone> ... yeah, ok, that's true.​
>
> \[13:36:38] \<GriefBeGone> Also, minor correction: I haven't transcended the limits of matter, I suppose, since I'm still \*using\* the keyboard. Maybe I should try plugging directly into the ethernet socket to manually flip bits...​
>
> \[13:36:46] \<TomatoPotato> also, 99% sure that's not what nirvana is​
>
> \[13:36:46] \<GriefBeGone> Hey, I \*did\* say \*lesser\*.​
>
> \[13:36:49] \<TomatoPotato> not even close​
>
> \[13:36:49] \<GriefBeGone> Fiiiiine.​
>
> \[13:36:54] \<EleseCanGoDie> abtwat I gotta get moving​
>
> \[13:36:56] \<EleseCanGoDie> anyway\*​
>
> \[13:37:00] \<Whiterabbit> see you soon! \*hugs\*​
>
> \[13:37:01] \<EleseCanGoDie> later​
>
> \[13:37:12] \*\*\* EleseCanGoDie has left #milesgloriosus with the message:​
>
> \[13:37:14] \<Genesis> later!​
>
> \[13:37:15] \<Genesis> aw​
>
> \[13:37:15] \<GriefBeGone> Anyway, speaking of going, I should probably be headed off myself.​
>
> \[13:37:15] \<GriefBeGone> See you!​
>
> \[13:37:19] \<Fireblade> Until next time!​
>
> \[13:37:20] \<Genesis> later\~​
>
> ​
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You smile to yourself as farewells fill the screen, and sign off. They're nice people, it seems like, and you'll probably find a reason to go visit them at some point. The real question is whether that's before or after Walpurgisnacht.

Before, probably, but who's to say?

Leaving the computer shutting down behind you, you tuck your necklace back under your shirt and head back to the living room.

"Mugin?" you say as you grab your bag. "You around?"

A caw answers you from the sofa, and you find Mugin bedding down on one of the cushions, peering at you with one beady eye and apparently totally disinclined to move. You snort, and pick him up with Grief, cushion and all. You're *not* leaving a semi-feral bird alone at home.

Speaking of which, you do a quick sweep of the room with nanofog for any... surprises that might have been left behind - you're rather pleased to find none. Well, other than a shed feather, which you give a suspicious once-over as you head out of the door before dropping it in a bin.

You call ahead as promised, even as you wing across the city with Mugin in tow. And prompted by vague feather-related paranoia, you check on *Feathers'*, well, feather, which happens to still seem like a perfectly ordinary feather safely ensconced in a blob of Grief.

And you still can't help but muse about the sheer *absurdity* of Hitomi's wealth, as you coast in for a landing atop the roof of the apartment building the Shiogama girls are living in. Sure, *you're* paying the rent, but the point is that *Hitomi* had the clout to drum up a *nice* place like this in a matter of *days*. It's new enough that the rooftop is actually *clean*, for goodness' sake.

You spot Akemi and Noriko already pulling the door open as you emerge from the staircase - well, Noriko*s*, both her bodies flanking the other girl at either shoulder.

"Hey, Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito," you call, smiling at you approach. You release the enchanted Grief so you can wave. "Sorry, I hope I didn't make you wait long?"

"No, no, not at all," Akemi says, weakly returning the smile. "Please, come in."

"Thanks," you say, beaming. The two -three?- of them shuffle awkwardly around to make room to let you pass, before Noriko gives up and excuses herself to go prepare refreshments as you take your shoes off. *One* of herselves.

"Really, there's no need," you say, with what you hope is a reassuring smile firmly in place as you follow Akemi in. The living room hasn't changed much, apart from curtains having been added to the floor-to-ceiling windows. "And ah... there's really no need for refreshments, Miss Watanabe. We're going to be meeting the Animators at a dessert parlour."

"Um... let us get you a drink, at least?" Noriko says. One of her bodies glances behind you. "Um. Is that a bird?"

"Oh," you say, and pull Mugin in front of you - *still* resting regally upon his cushion, though he sits up enough to inspect the brown-haired girl with an imperious eye. "This is Mugin. He's... well, Sayaka has an animal communication power, and apparently Mugin's taken a liking to us. So, um, yeah, he's been following me around."

"Is he *following*, right now?" Akemi asks drily, motioning towards the cushion borne upon a platform of Grief.

"Yes, well, he's a spoiled brat of a bird," you say, rubbing your nose sheepishly. "I mean, I'm definitely responsible for overfeeding him, but it's not like I was gonna lock him up at home when I headed out, so..."

"Well... is he tame?" Noriko asks.

"Yes and no?" you say, shrugging and letting the cushion drift towards Noriko. "The way Sayaka explained it, she has animal *communication* powers, not granting them intelligence or knowledge or anything. So he's *technically* feral, but very friendly."

Noriko brushes back blonde hair and reaches out to carefully offer her hand to the bird. She smiles wanly when Mugin perks up, nuzzling against the palm of her hand.

"He's cute," she says.

"Definitely," you agree with a smile. "He is *also* a suckup and probably trying to cadge treats off of you."

Noriko chuckles quietly as her other body -green-haired, with yellow eyes- emerges from the kitchen with a tray of glasses. Lemonade, judging by the slices of lemon in the glasses. "We'll see," she murmurs quietly. "Please, take a seat?"

Mugin, apparently determining that there are no treats to be had for now, flutters to the ground to investigate the potted plant by the side of the sofas.

"Thanks," you say, taking a seat with a smile. Noriko offers you a glass before settling down on either side of Akemi, facing you.

You can only stand the weight of the expectant looks for so long, taking a sip from your glass before putting it down on the table. The click of glass on wood is terribly loud, seeming to balloon out in a desperate attempt to fill the silence.

"So, ah..." you begin. "Do you know anything about the Animators? Gaikotsu Masami and Wakahisa Hiroko?"

"Apart from what you told us, not much at all." It's Akemi who responds first, tilting her head slightly. "I... *think* I've heard of Miss Gaikotsu's name in conjunction with Miss Tomoe?"

"Ah, yeah," you say. That actually makes things a bit easier. "That's something I wanted to bring up, in point of fact, so thank you. Gaikotsu Masami *was*, in fact, Mami's student. They... had a falling out, though I'm hoping to help patch things up eventually."

"Oh," Akemi says. "So we... *don't* mention them to her?"

"You shouldn't keep secrets from your girlfriend," Noriko says reprovingly.

"I'm not. Not on this," you say, and grimace. "Other things... well, that's a nice segue, anyway, so..." You purse your lips, considering for a second - you're *reasonably* sure, so you'll just go for it. "Are there any particular secrets *you* girls know about life as a magical girl?"

Noriko and Akemi go still.

"Y-es," Noriko says slowly. "What do *you* know?"

"Everything," you say. "Trust me - you know my powers, right?"

They nod, heads bobbing as if on strings.

"I *know*," you say with gentle emphasis. "And if you know the secrets, you know they can be dangerous, yeah?"

Another round of nods, three pale faces staring at you.

"So..." you give them a warm, reassuring smile. "Tell me what *you* know? So we can be sure we're on the same page for the discussion?"

"We..." Noriko exchanges a look with Akemi, who takes her hand and picks up the sentence. "We know where Witches come from."

"I'd guessed as much," you say, shoulders sagging. Half in relief, half in dismay. "I'm sorry."

Akemi laughs bitterly. "What is there to be sorry about?" she asks. "As you said, it's just... life as a magical girl. The *end* of it, if you're *lucky*."

"I'm sorry, because this *sucks*," you say, biting back on the vehemence, the simmering *disgust* for the state of affairs. "For *all* of us. We shouldn't have to go through all this, we shouldn't have to carry this kind of burden, we shouldn't have to squabble over resources just to *live* and not turn into *monsters*."

"Yeah," Noriko says. "Well. That's life."

"Not if I have anything to say about it," you mutter and force yourself to sit back, and to release your clenched fists. "Sorry."

Noriko shrugs, one motion rippling across two bodies.

"Anyway." You exhaling hard, shaking your head and forcing yourself to put the thoughts aside. "Moving on... since we started this on the subject of *secrets*, Mami doesn't know about where Witches come from. I'd promised her that I wouldn't keep it a secret from her forever, but I haven't figured out how to break it to her yet."

"Ah," Noriko says, biting her lip. "OK. Understood."

"Does she know about Soul Gems?" Akemi asks, tapping her finger meaningfully. Her ring, more specifically.

"She does," you say, nodding.

"Got it," Akemi says, sinking back into the sofa and into Noriko's arms.

You take another sip of lemonade, and sigh. "Alright. I've got... one more question, and it's a sensitive one," you say. "I apologise if it causes pain, but it's important that I know - is the Grief Seed that I cleared for you Miss Tanaka's?"

Shock flashes across their expressions for a second before their faces close off. Akemi exchanges a look with Noriko, who shakes her head.

"No," she bites out. "It's the Witch that *killed* her."

"... ah," you say, grimacing. "Right. I... I apologise for touching a sore topic."

The Shiogama girls fall silent, looking at each other.

"Why did you ask?" Noriko's the one to break the silence, having apparently lost the mental debate.

---

- [ ] Tell them about your de-Witching efforts (in privacy)
- [ ] Brush it off
  - [ ] Write-in specifics?
- [ ] Group meeting with the Animators and Shiogama girls
  - [ ] Any specifics to mention during the introduction?
  - [ ] Write-in specifics of discussion topics
    - [ ] Soujos
    - [ ] Tokyo politics
    - [ ] Iowa
Word count limit: 150 words

---

Remind me to never do back-to-back IRC segments again. \*grumble\*
