# Office Complex pt. 20

"I..." Your thoughts race for a second, thinking about how best to *handle* this. Apologise? It's what she wants, you think. You could promise to do better. You *are* going to do better, but is it something you need to *tell* her? Is it something you need to say to her?

You close your eyes, and force your thoughts to still for a second as you hear Noriko and Akemi step off the Grief platform behind you.

You know what? Just... just keep it simple.

"I was arrogant," you say. "And I could have done better - I *should* have done better, and that's on me trying to... make everything happen *my* way. I'm sorry."

Black eyes look you over, as if judging you. Some part of you bristles at that -what right does she *have*, when you were trying to *help*- but you tamp down on that impulse and meet her gaze squarely. She had to humble herself to express her gratitude, and she had to do so in *spite* of her own attitude, let alone what you suspect might be Wish-born mental changes. The least you can do is to match that.

You've swallowed your dignity for lame jokes -a maid costume, for goodness' sake- with an arsonist you call a *friend*, and you've swallowed your dignity to reach out to a delinquent who dishes out worse *without* a Wish to muck with her head. All Megane's really done is to be rude at you. If you're annoyed at *this*, then you can't really deny that you *were* arrogant with her.

Megane inclines her head slightly.

"That said... I'm glad you're getting along with Hiroko and Masami," you say, smiling warmly at her. "They're good people."

"They are sadists," Megane says, a tinge of sour annoyance leaking into her voice. "... but they know their craft."

"Yeah," you say, chuckling. "They -well, Masami- learned from the best."

"I should be going," Megane says stiffly. "... I would not be averse to talking to you in the future, but you have a meeting, I understand."

"Ah, you're not coming? You're welcome if you want," you say, tilting your head slightly in surprise. You gesture at Akemi and Noriko, the former half-hidden behind you. "It's just a quick introduction for Miss Saito and Miss Watanabe."

You sort of want to ask her what you could have done *better*, too. Even if things turned out well this time, there's always *next* time. Some of her reasons for souring on you, you can recognise - you blew off the first proper meeting with her, to look after Mami. You'd broken into her place to *lecture* at her, after that, and you...

Given what seems to be self-worth issues, perhaps because of school or perhaps because of her mother, you would have stomped on those, too. And you'd tried to dissuade her from something she'd sold her *Soul* for.

She didn't know that she was killing herself doing that, so when you'd told her to stop... her reaction was, in retrospect, pretty obvious.

Yeah. You *do* know what you did wrong, and... asking her might, in and of itself, anger her again.

"It's good to meet you," Megane says, glancing past you to the Shiogama girls. "I apologise, but I will not be staying. I should return to school."

"It's good to meet you too?" Noriko says, uncertain, but Megane's already headed for the edge of the roof, launching herself off. Her form is picture-perfect, you can't help but notice - half her magic, and half training, you suppose.

Mugin squawks, hopping off your shoulder and taking flight. Instinctively, you tag him with a bit of Grief to keep an eye on him as he spirals up into the air.

"... bit of an introvert, isn't she?" Akemi says, blinking after Megane's disappearing form.

"I guess she might be?" you say, and sigh quietly. "Honestly, I... I don't really get her. I'm not absolutely sure what the specifics of her Wish or power is, but... it constantly burns magic for maintenance. She'd have killed herself, and I can't bring myself to regret stepping in, even if I could have, *should* have handled it better."

You wince slightly. "I suppose you can tell that my intervention didn't go the best, and I referred her to Masami and Hiroko for training, since she wanted nothing to do with me."

"Well... from the sounds of it, you saved her life?" Akemi ventures carefully. "So that's good."

"Wouldn't her mentors know her powers?" Noriko wonders, raising an eyebrow.

"You know, I never thought to ask," you say thoughtfully, and smile. "But on that note, I suppose we shouldn't keep them waiting any longer?"

A hop, a skip, and a jump, and you leave the bright afternoon sun of the rooftop behind for the dimmer shadows of the alleyway, Norikos and Akemi landing softly behind you. You spot Masami and Hiroko as you emerge onto the street.

Masami's wearing skinny jeans and a midriff-baring shirt, her masses of red hair spilling over one shoulder - and none of it an illusion. Her grin is wide and pleased, and for all that you'd just seen her last week, you're pretty sure she's started to tan a bit.

By her side, Hiroko hasn't changed as much. But there's more *life* to her, you think, the stress lines around her vibrantly green eyes smoothing out as they begin to distance themselves from their harrowing experiences. She's gotten a haircut, too, the page-cut standing well clear of the collar of her floral-patterned dress.

"Heya," Masami says, waving as you approach.

"Hey!" you say, smiling brightly. "Masami, Hiroko, this is Saito Akemi, Watanabe Noriko, and Watanabe Noriko. Miss Saito, Miss Watanabe, this is Gaikotsu Masami, and Wakahia Hiroko."

Hiroko blinks, looking between the two Norikos - one of them a blonde, and the other a verdette.

"I Wished to be able to be in two places at once," Noriko offers, and smiles. "It's lovely to meet you."

"Ah," Hiroko says. She shakes herself, and smiles politely. "Ah, sorry, I was being rude. It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss Saito, Miss Watanabe, and it's good to see you again, Sabrina."

You beam as the round of introductions go around, and you all make your way into the dessert parlour. It's cheerily lit, Chinese waterpaints adorning the walls, and a fishtank burbles away happily in the corner. The technically-four of you squash around one of the small round tables, Masami grabbing a few of the laminated menus for you to look over.

"Oh yeah," you say, grinning at Noriko and Akemi. "By the way, don't tell them that I've been calling them the Animators."

Noriko gives you a vaguely confused look, blinking simultaneously at both you and said Animators.

Hiroko makes a thoughtful face. "You know, I actually quite like that," she says.

"Kind of rude to just name us without telling us," Masami notes. "... even if it *is* a pretty cool name."

"Yyyeah," you say, making a face. "Sorry about that. It kind of started as an internal thing for me, you know?" You tap the side of your head. "Just a way to think about the both of you. And then it, uh, sort of slipped out into speech. I... hope you're OK with it?"

"I like it," Hiroko says firmly. "We're keeping it."

"We are?" Masami says. "Do we *need* a group name?"

"We are," Hiroko says, laying her hand over Masami's.

"Right. Settled, then," Masami says, and waves a finger at you. "Thanks for the nickname, but it was still kind of rude."

"I feel like we're lucky if we get to decide these things," Noriko mutters. "General we, I mean. Mostly you get some kind of notoriety and then you *hear* that people've started calling you something."

"Oh?" Hiroko says, looking interested.

"Just what I've noticed," Noriko says with a shrug.

"Hah," Masami says. "Guess that's kind of true... and it's probably better than being known as the *other* Mitakihara group." She makes a face. "So speaking of, you girls liking Mitakihara?"

"It's so *crowded*," Akemi says. "There's so many *people*, it's amazing. Shiogama had people, but not like *this*."

"Yeah, it is," Hiroko says, smiling. "It was a bit of a shock for me too, when I moved here, but I got used to it."

"Yeah, and then you met me," Masami says with a grin. "And before we forget, we should order." She lowers her voice. "Old lady at the counter'll give you the stinkeye if we wait too long."

"Right," Noriko says, one of her starting to scan the menu.

"If I may, how did *you* meet Miss Vee?" Akemi asks, running a hand through mousy brown hair.

"She kind of barged in on our business by proxy, but she also saved our bacon," Masami says, shrugging. "We... *I* was being extorted for Grief Seeds for healing. We couldn't have afforded it."

"*We*, Masami," Hiroko says gently, squeezing Masami's hand.

"Ah," Akemi says, nodding, and smiles faintly at you. "That's a bit of a common trend with you, isn't it?"

You chuckle, even as Noriko elbows her.

"I suppose so," you allow, fidgeting with that fly-away lock of hair. "Honestly, if you've got advice, I'd love it - you... well, you all know Miss Ono, and more or less how that turned out."

"Can't make everyone happy," Masami says. "Sometimes you gotta break a few ribs to do CPR."

Noriko shrugs, glancing away. "Well... it turned out well enough for us? But I suppose not everyone *wants* to be helped."

"It's a balancing act," Hiroko murmurs. "That's really all it is."

"I suppose so," you say with a sigh.

---

- [ ] When appropriate, direct the discussion towards...
  - [x] Tokyo politics
    - [ ] Ask for advice
  - [x] The Soujus
    - [ ] How much detail to offer?
  - [x] Iowa
    - [ ] How much detail to offer?
    - [ ] Request help
  - [ ] Other topics? (Write-in)

---

Two sides of the coin, eh?
