# Office Complex pt. 23

You emerge into the bright afternoon sun, footsteps light. You're pretty satisfied with yourself, with how things went - despite ending on a sour note, you feel that the meeting had gone as well as it could have, from the moment Masami brought Mami up.

The truancy officer eyes you as you approach, and you give him a smile before checking your phone - more for show than anything else, because you *know* that school's about to finish. You settle in to wait, bouncing lightly on the balls of your feet and thinking.

'Picking at a scab,' you'd thought to yourself, and in retrospect, that was perhaps a mite understating it. Masami had started digging around in a still-raw wound of her own volition, and to extend the metaphor in a rather horrible way, you'd pulled her bloody fingers out of said wound as best as you could.

And to extend the metaphor just a *little* bit more to its grisly conclusion and put said metaphor to its grave - in doing so, in removing Masami's fingers, you'd helped dislodge a fragment of a bullet. For all your powers, you're not a mind reader, and you don't know for sure what's going on in Masami's mind.

But you know she blames Mami for convincing her to make a contract. It's not, necessarily, a rational thing. But knowing, now, that it *hurt* Mami to learn in truth what she'd done?

Yeah, she'd lashed out. At the same time, *knowing* that is a step towards mutual understanding.

"Sabrina!"

Mami isn't *quite* the first one out of the doors today, her last class perhaps a bit further from the main gate - but you spot her as she races across the courtyard, her smile blossoming like the sun peeking from behind clouds.

She crashes into you, or maybe you crash into her, wrapping your arms around each other. It's a good thing you don't actually need to breathe - and for that matter, it's a good thing you're a magical girl, with the durability that that entails. The only reason you win the contest of strength is your height advantage, lifting her and swinging her in a laughing circle.

"Hi," you say, smiling at her.

"Hi!" Mami says, flushed and beaming from ear to ear.

"Did something good happen?" you ask.

"You're here," Mami says with a happy sigh, one that you echo. You nudge her gently away from the flow of students, ducking to the lee of the wall and nestling your cheek against soft, golden hair. It's *nice* to be with Mami, to simply relax and let the world wash away for a while. To be *normal* for a little bit.

"Heyo!" Another familiar voice floats from the crowd, just about audible over the din of students filtering out from the school, and you look up to spot a flash of blue and an enthusiastically waving hand.

"Hey!" You free one hand to wave back, spotting Madoka walking at Sayaka's side, Hitomi on her other side and Homura trailing just a step behind.

Mami shuffles around you, pulling your arm over her shoulders and slipping an arm around your waist so that she can stay tucked against your side as your friends approach. She beams at them, bright and happy.

"Hello, everyone," Mami says when they're within hearing range, everyone arranging into a loose circle.

"Hi!" Madoka says brightly. "How have you been?"

"Pretty good. Hey everyone," you say. "How's your days been?"

"*Homework*," Sayaka whines, pulling a face. "It's *Friiiiiday*."

"We've been given a fair amount of homework this weekend," Hitomi agrees.

"Aw," you say. "Tests coming up?"

"No, it's just homework..." Madoka pouts sadly.

"Ah, we'll still have time to hang out, though!" Sayaka exclaims. "'specially if you and Mami and Homura can help us with the homework."

"Mami?" you ask, smiling at her.

"We would be happy to," Mami says, squeezing you gently. "Schedule permitting?"

"I think so," you say, and grin at Sayaka. "C'mon, you know I'm here to help."

"Yeah, yeah, I know." She smirks at you, offering a fistbump, which you gladly return.

"And you, Homura?" you ask, turning your attention to your friend.

Homura fidgets slightly, and nods. "... I'll be there."

"Yay!" Madoka cheers.

"Fantastic," you declare.

"We should perhaps start walking," Hitomi says.

"... yeah, probably," Sayaka says, looking around at the flow of students parting around your group. She sneaks Hitomi's bag, slinging both her own and Hitomi's over her shoulder while ignoring Hitomi's *Look* with magnificent aplomb. "Byyyyy the way, Sabrina, I see you managed to lose Mugin."

"Yeah, not sure where he got off to," you say as you turn to start walking, Mami still attached firmly to your side. "Probably got tired and went off to roost for the day or something?"

"Or something," Sayaka says with a dismissive shrug. "He'll show up."

"Spoiled brat of a bird," you agree.

"Maybe we should adopt him as a pet," Mami says gravely.

"Ah... what about Hunin?" Madoka asks curiously.

"Iunno," Sayaka says. "Around? Uh... let's wait here a sec. Hitomi, your car isn't here yet, right? So lliiiike..."

She does this complicated little juggle of the two bags around so that she can free one hand and dig into her own, producing a handful of seed. She looks around, ducking not-so-surreptitiously behind you and Mami to scatter the birdseed in the bushes you're passing by.

"Oh, while we're waiting for *that*," you say, snapping your fingers and reaching into your own bag to 'pull' out a small [card](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-6194#post-13029958) - formed instantly out of Grief, nano-patterned surface to give it the rich buttery yellow and crisp white hues. "I had an idea for a business card!"

Mami chuckles fondly as she takes it from you, and you produce a few more copies - one for Hitomi, which she takes with an air of faintly amused interest, and one for Homura. Madoka peeks over Homura's shoulder, looking *intensely* curious.

"Oh! And here, Mami-" you produce a second card, one with *Mami's* name, and press it into her hand.

"I like 'White Ribbon'," Madoka says brightly, admiring the card. "Are you going to hand these out?"

"If you guys think it's a good idea, I might get some printed, yeah," you say with a grin. "It's *classy* to be able to pull one out and say 'Here's my card'."

"Do the rest of us get cards too, or is White Ribbon just the two of you?" Sayaka says, head tilted back to watch the tree branches. "Ehn... either way, I think we can't be *just* the Mitakihara group forever, if you've got *international* aspirations."

"*Are* we known as the 'Mitakihara group'?" Hitomi asks, air-quoting the words with disdain. "That's such an... uninspired name. Uninspired *and* uninspiring."

"... Is it? I... well, I guess it is," you say, blinking and shrugging. "And I guess we kind of are? But that's why I have you and Madoka for consultants."

"So we get to think of a new name?" Madoka asks, brightening.

You catch Homura's eyes for a split second - but she doesn't react, so you just grin at Madoka. "Well, like I said, we've got you and Hitomi as consultants, right?" You make a face. "Naming things is *hard*. I only got White Ribbon because, well... You know."

Mami blushes, squeezing you gently with her arm around your waist.

Sayaka snorts, and looks like she's about to say something when she tilts her head to the side. "There they are," she says.

You follow her gaze to spot a couple of birds settling into the boughs of the tree, one of them an enormously fluffy crow with an odd white streak of feathers across its face.

"Aw, it's so cute!" Madoka coos. "Is that Hunin?"

"Yup," Sayaka says, making an odd croaking noise in the back of her throat. Magic flares, a bright glimmer crystallizing for a second, and the birds begin chirruping in response.

Hitomi watches with keen interest. "What are they talking about?"

"Nothing much, it turns out," Sayaka says. At some unseen signal, the birds descend and begin pecking up the birdseed. "Not much news to report, I mean."

You lay your hand over Mami's, squeezing gently. "On that note, Mami, Homura?"

Violet eyes flicker back over to you, intent and curious.

"The GPS trackers for Oriko and Kirika arrived," you say, which gets you the attention of Sayaka and Hitomi, too. "If you want, Mami, Homura, you could go set that up, and enchant them, while I bring Sayaka for her training? If not, I'd be happy to do that when we get back, and maybe... you could go Witch-hunting or something?"

Mami stills. So does Homura. The tension spreads, the smile fading from Madoka's face as her gaze darts between the rest of your group. Sayaka presses her lips together, thinned out to nothing, and Hitomi frowns thoughtfully.

"I..." Mami's tongue flicks out, wetting her lips. "I suppose it's something to do while I wait." Her eyes go to Homura, uncertain. "I'd... be happy for your accompaniment, Homura?"

"... very well," Homura says.

"Yeah, I can trust the two of you to do it right," Sayaka says with a grin that's only slightly strained. "No offense, Sabrina, but you're kind of too lenient."

"None taken," you say, pulling Mami a little closer to you - not that that's an easy task, given how tightly she's already clinging to you. "Can you give us a moment?"

"We'll be just by the road?" Madoka says, pointing. She looks faintly concerned, but smiles when she catches your eyes. "Ah... Hitomi, we'll be alright waiting there, right?"

"Oh, right," Sayaka says, snapping her fingers and draping her arms around Madoka and Hitomi's shoulders to guide them away. "You're going to the hospital to get that cast removed."

Homura trails along after them, leaving you alone with Mami under the shade of the trees. Not quite as private as you'd like, with students passing by on the main path, but it's as good as you'll get without ducking into the greenery proper.

"I'll be back, I promise," you murmur, shifting around to hug Mami properly.

"I know," she replies, a bare whisper. "You- you always have."

"It's not wrong to be afraid, though," you say. "It might not be rational, but feelings aren't."

"I know," she murmurs. You feel her fingers in your hair, toying with the loose strands, and you just hold her.

Fear.

Kyouko left her, Kazumi left her, Masami left her. Maybe it's an exaggeration to say that she has estranged friends and students scattered across Japan, but... there are enough that the *fear* of rejection bites *deep*.

"You..." Mami swallows, pressed so closely against you that you can *feel* it. "You brought Kazumi back."

"It's not wrong to be afraid." You echo your earlier words.

"It helps," Mami murmurs. "To remind me that... that I have a, a miracle worker, here with me."

You laugh, a little, and tilt your head forward so you can kiss Mami on the cheek. "Hey, we're magical girls. Miracles are our stock-in-trade."

Mami takes a deep breath, and manages a shaky smile for you. "Alright," she murmurs. "I'll be alright."

"You will be," you say with a smile. "And if I may be sappy, *you* are *my* miracle, Mami."

Mami's face lights up *incandescent*, and she makes a squeaky noise before burying her face in your chest.

*That's* better. You ignore your own blush, and ignore the looks you're getting from other students passing by, and focus on hugging Mami, until she finally stirs and looks up at you, still blushing luminescent red.

"Thank you, Sabrina," she whispers.

"No, thank *you*," you say, and purse your lips. "That said, while I meant every word I said, while I *mean* every word I said, I'm, uh, not going to make a habit of calling you my miracle."

"Hmm?" she asks, blinking at you. Then she blinks again, eyes widening. "Oh. Um."

"Yeaaaah," you say, making a face. People call their *kids* 'their miracles'.

Mami huffs out a fond laugh. "Oh, *Sabrina*," she says, leaning against you for a moment longer. "Alright." A deep breath. "Alright. Sayaka shouldn't be late for her training."

"Let's go see what our friends are up to, then," you say, smiling.

"Let's," she says, and takes your hand. She interlaces her fingers with yours, swinging gently as you walk.

When you reach the road, you find that both Madoka and Hitomi have vanished, Homura looking vaguely uncomfortable while Sayaka tries to make small talk about school.

"Heya," Sayaka says, waving. "Hitomi's driver got here, so she had to get going. Madoka decided to go to the hospital with her, and both of 'em apologise for having to go without saying bye."

"Ack," you say, squeezing Mami's hand gently. "Well... you ready to head off?"

"Yep," Sayaka says, grinning. "All good?"

"Ayep," you agree. You smile softly at Mami. "I'll see you later, alright?"

Mami takes a deep breath, and returns your smile. "You will."

A flash of violet, over Mami's shoulder - Homura, her eyes intent on you. When you look up to meet her gaze, her attention shifts deliberately to Mami, and she nods slightly.

You can't help that breathless little twist of gratitude that unspools in your chest.

A touch on your lips draws your attention back to Mami, who smiles at you, having tapped one finger against you. "I'll be collecting."

"Gladly," you say. "Until then!"

"Right!" Sayaka says, pumping a fist in the air and grinning. "Let's *go*!"

"Hmm... that way," you say, pointing at a likely building. You wave one last time at Mami as you head off, Sayaka in tow, and a few minutes later, you're airborne, the rush of wind filling your ears as you head off for Sayaka's training.

**\[] What particular topics do you want to talk to Kyouko/Yuma about during the training? (Specify in more detail)
\- \[] News on Kyouko's church
\- \[] Yuma's grandparents
\- \[] Mami
\- \[] Iowa
\- \[] The Soujus
\- \[] Walpurgisnacht (in more detail)
\- \[] Something else?**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[x] Discuss Sayaka's training with her: How does she feel she's progressing?
-\[x] You were thinking of doing another group training session tomorrow afternoon, if time allows.
-\[x] Poke Sayaka about copying Yuma's power, if it seems reasonable.

\=====

*Another* actual Sunday update. I blame the vacation.
