# Office Complex pt. 24

Clear blue skies above, the wind in your hair, a friend at your back... the only thing more you could ask for is for Mami to be here with you. And for Homura to have found peace, for Madoka to be safe, for world peace, for magical girls to be freed from the tyranny of fighting over Grief Seeds, for Mami and Kyouko to have made up, and lastly, a way to arrange all of those so you don't sound like a rather selfish person.

It's not like you're *not* actively pursuing *all* of those, after all.

"Haaaahhhhh..." Sayaka transforms and flops down beside you, rolling up her cloak to form a sort of pillow.

"Tired?" you say, snickering.

"Not *tired*, just lazy," Sayaka says, eyes firmly shut.

"Better not let Kyouko hear you say that," you say.

"You kidding? She's lazier than *I* am," Sayaka says. "She's basically a cat. A feral alley cat."

"I mean, yeah, fair enough," you say. You pause for a second. "Also, it's really easy to imagine Kyouko with cat ears. But if she ever hears about this conversation she's going to claw our faces off. And you don't have a healing power."

"True, true, and I don't have a healing power *right now*," Sayaka agrees, cracking a grin without opening her eyes.

"On that note, you should see if Yuma'll let you copy her magic," you note. Also, *something* about that phrasing makes you *real* suspicious of Sayaka. You narrow your eyes at Miki *Definitely-Not-An-Angel* Sayaka. "She's a pretty good healer."

"Huh," Sayaka says. "Right, yeah. Good idea."

"How're you feeling about your training, anyway?" you say.

"Whatcha mean?" Sayaka asks.

"Well... how do you feel you're progressing?" you ask. "Are you happy with how your skills are developing?"

Sayaka doesn't answer you immediately, but when you glance over at her, you can see that her eyes are open and staring at the sky, a thoughtful expression on her face.

"Yeah, I think I *am*," Sayaka says, after a moment of contemplation. "Like... *you* are a one of a kind freak of existence, with your Wish and powers and all, and Homura's Homura, but I can *do* stuff without you holding my hand, and I can help save lives. Kyouko's helping me get better at it, and I'm making good progress there, and... yeah, I feel pretty good about it."

"I'm glad," you say with a grin. "And I notice you didn't mention Mami."

"Because I knew *you* would, so I didn't need to," Sayaka says. She tilts her head to smirk at you.

"... This is an *attack* and I will not stand for it," you say.

"Yeah, you will," Sayaka says.

"... yeah, well," you mutter. "I'm gonna get you back for it. Also, it's not *my* fault meguca power is proportional to gayness."

Sayaka doesn't deign to respond, instead tucking her arms under her head and closing her eyes. You snort, eyeing the skyline - the rusting towers of the old industrial district ahead, and the river bordering Mitakihara and Kasamino just beyond.

"So," you say after a moment. "I've got actual ideas to talk about, if we're done mocking the perfectly undeserving."

"Sure, if you can find any undeserving of mocking," Sayaka says, sitting up with a groan. "Whassup?"

"I was thinking of doing a group training session tomorrow before the shopping?" you say. "But I don't know how much homework you guys actually have."

"Oh c'mon," Sayaka says. "You're not going to take up the entire damn day, right? If you can help us with the harder stuff, we can do the rest ourselves." She sticks her tongue out at you. "We're not *bad* students, y'know. Just ugh, reals analysis."

"Hah, OK," you say. "I'll check in with everyone else later, then. Training, shopping, homework session in that order, or something like that."

"Don't forget dinner with Hitomi's parents," Sayaka says, snorting. "God, but that's just *weird* to think about. That they... well, Hitomi's mom knew about magical girls all this time, I mean."

"I'm not sure she *did*," you say thoughtfully. "It might be that, you know, her memories were locked by Kyuubey until, uh. Recent events."

"*Blech*," Sayaka says, making a disgusted face.

"Yeah. Anyway, moving *swiftly* on from *that* unpleasantness," you say, waving a hand. "So you can make a shield, yeah?"

"Yeah?" Sayaka says.

"How 'bout armour?" You grin at Sayaka. "I feel like knight's armour would suit you pretty well. Plate armour, shield."

"You think so?" Sayaka says. "Hmm. I can *try*, but I dunno how much it'll actually help."

"Oh?" you say.

"A shield is nice, but we're magical girls. We're supposed to *dodge* and all that, and anything that *does* hit us is... probably not going to get stopped by armour," Sayaka say. "I dunno? You tell me."

"Honestly, every magical girl does their own thing," you say, shrugging. "We're super durable by default, and yeah, we're fast. Mami focuses on not getting hit and using her ribbons if she does, Kyouko focuses on not getting hit. There's that girl over in Ishinomaki with the armour, on the other hand."

"And I suppose I have this breastplate, so maybe?" Sayaka muses, rapping her fingers on said breastplate. "Could be worth trying. But mnnnnot during training."

"I mean, Kyouko's job is to help you with melee," you note. "Figuring out new ways to use magic and stuff is *Mami's* thing." You pause slightly, frowning. "Hey, did you say reals analysis earlier?"

"Yeah?" Sayaka says. "Mami's doing calculus, right?"

"I mean, yeah, she is," you say. "And OK, I suppose a grounding in limits and infinitesimals and such is good if you're approaching calculus from fundamental principles."

"Yeah, I think that's how it works," Sayaka says. "Every year, start of the semester, they lay it all out for us, but *that* no one pays attention to."

"Right. I guess that makes sense," you say. It is *not* cowardice to beat a verbal retreat even if you're still boggling internally at Mitakihara's curriculum.

The conversation lapses as you speed across the river, clear blue water streaked with the V-shaped wakes of boats and shipping, cutting across the waves. On the far bank are the buildings of Kasamino, office buildings and apartments intermingled with each other. You catch a flash of red, atop one.

"*Y' see me?*" Kyouko demands abruptly.

"*If that's you on top of the building watching us, yeah?*" you say.

"*Good, good. Get your dinner plate of doom over here,*" Kyouko says, and cuts the connection.

You carefully do *not* look at Sayaka, who's still lying down with her eyes closed, and just as carefully change direction to cruise by that building, keeping the course-change slow and steady as if nothing's different.

As you approach the building, you spot Kyouko and Yuma - the former crouched on the edge of the roof, ponytail blowing in the wind like a dusky crimson banner. She catches your eye and grins, then she leaps towards the platform and kicks Sayaka off.

Yuma joins you with an easy hop, settling down where Sayaka was lying.

"Heya!" you say, pulling up gently rise to above roof-level of the skyscrapers.

"Hi!" Yuma chirps. She pulls out a chocolate bar from somewhere in her costume and starts snacking on it.

"How's it going?" you ask, smiling slightly. Looks like Yuma's picked up a habit from Kyouko.

"Yuma is doing OK," Yuma says between bites. "Big sis said to tell you to wait for her at the same park. Her and Miss Sayaka."

"Gotcha," you say, and start drifting leisurely in that general direction. You can hear more yelling and the clash of metal from over there, anyway, somewhere in between the buildings. "Hunted any Witches lately?"

"We fought one yesterday!" Yuma says, nodding vigorously enough to make her hair bounce. "It was a big one! Big white face and red nose and stuff."

"... what, like a clown?" you say, grimacing.

"Ah! A clown, yes!" Yuma says. "What about Miss Sabrina?"

"No, but we probably should, soon," you say with a hum. "How's Kyouko been?"

"Big sis has been a bit moody," Yuma says. She gives you a timid look, peering up from beneath her bangs. "But she's been glad about the church, Yuma thinks. Yuma... Yuma heard you talking to big sis last time. About her going home?"

"Ah, yeah," you say, ruffling Yuma's hair gently. That rather... *raw* confrontation with Kyouko about Mami, about forgiveness and whether Kyouko deserved it. "First of all, if she does, you'll definitely have a place in Mitakihara. OK?"

"Yuma wasn't worried about that," Yuma says.

"Fair enough," you say, politely ignoring the quavering relief in her voice. "Well, second of all, I don't know how much you heard, or how much Kyouko told you, but.... well, it's a work in progress."

"Yuma knows," Yuma says, drooping sadly. "Yuma wants big sis to be happy."

"She will be," you say. "Even if I have to drag her kicking and screaming to that happiness."

"Big sis won't like that," Yuma says.

"It's a figure of speech," you say with a laugh. "I don't mean to *actually* drag Kyouko anywhere-" if only because Kyouko would object, *strenuously*, "-but I really do mean to help work things out. Mami and Kyouko don't actually hate each other, you know? It's just... hurt feelings that made them stop being friends."

"Oh," Yuma says. "Big people are dumb."

"Well, yeah," you say. "I wish things were simpler, but... ah, well."

Yuma falls silent at that point as the park comes into view, and you home in on the sound of yelling. Really, you're surprised no one's stumbled on them yet. On a hunch, you ready your nanofog, spreading it out ahead of you and ready.

Which is just as well, because you land just in time to have a flailing, yelling Sayaka hurled in your direction with a crack of chain-spear. You catch her sword and cushion her trajectory with Grief, setting her down carefully.

"You know, I sort of expected this, but it sucks anyway," Sayaka notes, rubbing her left shoulder with a wince. She flicks a hand at her sword, dissolving it into glimmering motes of blue that fade to nothing.

"You're *still* not ready to fight without your powers," Kyouko grumbles, leaning against her spear. "I geddit, you hit the jackpot and you've got lotsa tricks. But you still don't have the attitude to *survive*."

"What does that even *mean*?" Sayaka asks.

"It means..." Kyouko waves a hand, looking irritated. "It means when your back's against the wall, you use what you've *got*. You've got a sword, so you *use* the sword."

"I *was*," Sayaka says, looking to you before realising that she'd already dismissed it. "I got rid of it, but I was *using* it."

"Nah, that's not what I mean," Kyouko says. "It's... it's how you *use* it. You use it like you wanna get rid of it so you can use something better."

"I... well, I kind of do," Sayaka says.

"What're you here to learn from me again?" Kyouko says, cupping her ear theatrically.

"... how to fight... with my sword?" Sayaka says.

"Yep," Kyouko says. "Can't teach you attitude, but if you wanna get *good* with your sword, you need to figure that out."

"Yeah..." Sayaka says, holding her hand out to manifest a sword. She frowns thoughtfully at the gleaming steel. "OK, yeah. I guess that makes sense."

"And you let yourself get herded," Kyouko says. "Not quite your fault, you're new, but you gotta learn to recognise it, or one day you're gonna get dropped right into an ambush."

"Right, yeah," Sayaka says. "Yeah. I see, OK. I'll work on that."

"Great," Kyouko says. Her eyes don't flicker, fixed steadily on Sayaka. "Think fast."

Kyouko's spear slashes out - at *you*.

"Wha-" You're already ducking, Grief flashing into a solid shield ahead of you as steel rings on steel.

"Sorry, Miss Sayaka-" You don't *see* what happens, but you sure as hell *feel* it, the ground shuddering beneath your feet. You sweep the Grief aside just in time to hear Sayaka squawking in outrage, giving ground before a furious, lightning fast hail of blows from Yuma. For all the size disparity, every time Sayaka catches her mace in a block, you can see Sayaka's wrists bend.

"Figured out she could do that," Kyouko grunts, slouching her way over to you and joining you under the shade of a tree. "And t' your girl's credit, she *did* catch the spear for you."

"She learns faster than you'd think," you note.

"I noticed," Kyouko says drily. She sighs, pulling a bag of chocolates from her pocket, which she rips open and offers to you. You grab a handful, watching as Yuma drives Sayaka up a tree. Literally *up* a tree, Sayaka scrabbling to evade Yuma's relentless assault. "So."

"So?" you say, echoing her words and munching on the chocolate. You eye Sayaka as she leaps off the tree, aiming a double-handed slash at Yuma, which the younger girl blocks easily. But *now* Sayaka's ready, dropping into a slide and kicking Yuma's feet out from under her.

"Whatcha got for me *this* time?" Kyouko gives you a sidelong look.

"Ah," you say. "Well. A warning - we've got a probably hostile and definitely dangerous magical girl headed towards Mitakihara, but we're not sure where *from*, so it's not impossible that she might pass through Kasamino?"

"That's nothing new," Kyouko says with a smirk. "I can -*Oi,* don't knock the damn tree down!- handle myself. *We* can handle ourselves."

"They're a hunter of magical girls," you say. "Maybe you can, but they *specialize* in that."

Kyouko grunts in irritation. "She's after *you*?"

"Prrrrrobably," you say. "So it's only fair to warn yo- oww." You can't help but wince as Sayaka hesitates for just the barest fraction of a second and takes a mace to the belly that launches her straight up with a shockwave that shivers through the trees and sends leaves raining down on you.

"*You fucking saw that coming, block or dodge! Use your damn instincts!*" Kyouko yells at Sayaka. "What do you mean, *they*?"

"Two magical girls, one body," you say with a sigh, picking leaves out of your hair. "Fire and ice powers, and given the one body thing, they coordinate and combine their magic *really* well."

"Nasty," Kyouko opines. "So, what. Send 'er your way?"

"I'm not expecting you to fight her for me," you say with a shrug.

"Yeah, sure," Kyouko says.

"Really?" You blink at Kyouko, surprised. You're slightly less surprised by Yuma crashing down through the canopy, followed by Sayaka.

"Yep," Kyouko says. "Not gonna borrow trouble, and I ain't gonna put Yuma in danger."

"Huh," you say. "Well... good."

Kyouko grins at you, fang protruding. "You're acting like you expected me to fight you on it."

"Well... kind of, yeah," you say.

Kyouko snorts, and shrugs. "It's your problem, you deal with it," she says. "And Yuma's a good kid. She'd probably be able to handle it with me, but I don't want her to *have* to."

"She's a good influence on you." You grin at her undeterred by the ringing clash of steel, sparks scattering from a strike of mace against sword.

"Crawl into a ditch and die," she says without any real heat.

"Yuma's getting really good at fighting, too," you say happily.

"She's a good kid," Kyouko repeats.

"She is," you say.

Kyouko sighs quietly, cracking her knuckles. "Alright. After Yuma's done with Sayaka, they're gonna do practices."

"Hmm?" you say. A tree shudders, as if someone were just knocked into it. "What do you mean?"

"Yeah, practices," Kyouko says. "Block high, strike high, blah blah martial arts movie shit. Light sparring. It's not completely useless, she's gotta get the..." She screws her face up. "She's gotta get used to the idea."

"Makes sense," you agree.

"And while *that* happens, we're gonna talk about Mami," Kyouko says, narrowing her eyes at you. "So you better have something good for me."

"Only if you have something more than 'something good' to go on," you riposte with a calmness you don't quite feel. "What do you want to talk about?"

"Start with your grand plan of getting Mami to not kill me when I see her again," Kyouko says, and folds her arms, settling back against the tree.

**\[] How will you respond to Kyouko?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

-\[x] Ask Kyouko for her thoughts and advice on dealing with mind magic.
\--\[x] If she asks why, inform her of your suspicions about Tokyo. Be careful - it's obviously a charged topic for her.

\=====​

Posting from my phone, at the airport before my flight, hah. See you on the flipside!
