# Office Complex pt. 25

"So..." You lean back against the same tree Kyouko's slouched against, so that you don't have to *look* at each other. She seems to prefer that, tsundere feral cat that she is.

"Up-bup-bup, shaddup," Kyouko says. "I said *after* Yuma's done with Sayaka and I get them practicing."

"I wasn't gonna!" you protest. That earns you a suspicious, side-long look from Kyouko. "I mean, OK, I deserve that, but I really wasn't gonna. I was gonna ask if I can ask you a slightly delicate question, *not* related to Mami?"

"Ugh," Kyouko says, after eyeing you for a moment longer. "Why didn't I gut you the first time I saw you again?"

There's a loud crashing sound, somewhere off in the foliage, and something that sounds very much like Sayaka cursing in a distinctly retrograde fashion, if the dopplering sound of her voice is any indication.

"Laaanguage!" you call cheerfully, snickering and continuing in a softer voice. "Because I'm just that loveable?"

"Loveable, yeah, right," Kyouko mutters, letting her head thump back against the tree. Then she flinches away from said tree and starts brushing the bark out of her ponytail.

You give her your very best bright, winning smile.

Kyouko sighs, and waves her hand in a vague 'oh, go on' gesture, pulling a lollipop from her pocket with her other hand. The lollipop gets unwrapped in a swift, practiced swipe of her thumb, and she sticks it in her mouth, letting the stick dangle.

"So... you remember what we talked about last time, right?" you say, and continue at her nod. "Do you have any advice about dealing with mind magics?"

Kyouko stares at you for a long moment, and shakes her head. "I don't know what the hell goes through your head sometimes," she mutters. "I dunno why that's a delicate question. Mind magic, huh."

"Really?" you say, raising an eyebrow.

She slouches back against the tree, pulling her ponytail out of the way and making a rude gesture at you.

"I'm not some kinda fucking *princess*," she grouses, jaw jutting. "Mind magic is... ugh. *Christ*."

Ah, pride. Right.

"Look," Kyouko says, waving a hand forcefully as if trying to bludgeon an invisible cow to death. "Th' most important thing with stuff fucking with your head is *noticing* that it's even happening in the first place. You notice that, you've won... eighty percent of the battle."

She frowns at you.

"Lemme guess, you're looking for some sort of fancy magic trick to do it for you?" she says.

"Well... yeah," you say. You hold up both hands. "I know, I know, it's very *me*. But I'm just afraid that it might affect my perception of reality so much that I can't even notice it happening."

"Yeah, it *is*," Kyouko says. "Also, not completely wrong. Instincts only get you so far."

"... huh," you say, peering at Kyouko. She's being unusually nice today. *Suspiciously* nice.

"No idea where or how to make 'em, though," she says, ignoring your look and scowling at one of the trees. "Good if you can get 'em. Instinct and being careful only takes you so far. YUMA, WRAP IT UP!"

You wince at the bellow, leaning away from Kyouko, and the answering crashes coming through the trees. When Yuma and Sayaka reappear, the latter looks considerably worse for the wear, bark and dirt and smushed leaves ground into her costume and her hair. Yuma's grinning from ear to ear, bouncing lightly over mulch and scattered twigs.

"So what've we learned?" Kyouko asks.

"That Yuma here is a monster who isn't above taking advantage of the fact that I'm *kinda* reluctant to hit her too hard?" Sayaka grumbles. She flicks her cape out, shaking the stains off and leaving it a pristine white once more.

"Big sis told Yuma to!" Yuma says with a bright, happy smile.

"OK, that's somethin' else you gotta work on. Well done, Yuma," Kyouko says, beckoning Yuma over and ruffling her hair. "What else?"

Sayaka sighs heavily.

"If someone's focusing on disrupting me, I'm still not good enough to, uh, get enough space to actually find a useful power," Sayaka says.

"Yep," Kyouko says.

Sayaka grumbles, folding her arms. "First of all, I'm gonna make, like... a bracelet or something so I can wear the power jewels in an easily accessible way," she says. "I can't believe I didn't think of that before, actually. Second of all, if that was your point, shouldn't I be focusing on learning how to do that?"

"Yep," Kyouko repeats. "You'll be practicing with Yuma, again - light sparring. Kinda. She's going to try and hit you, no powers, and you gotta block."

"That's it?" Sayaka says, raising a skeptical eyebrow.

"With one hand," Kyouko elaborates. "*Block*, dodge maybe, don't attack. Point is to get you comfortable with the idea, free up your other hand - you can't carry your copied magic with you indefinitely, right? So you gotta be able to grab 'em when you need to. Plus it frees up an arm if you need it. An' don't think Yuma's gonna make it easy for you, either."

"Hng," Sayaka says. "Yeah, OK." She eyes Yuma suspiciously, who in turn completely fails to look innocent.

Kyouko sighs explosively. "C'mon. There's a clearing 'round here, let's go find it."

"Ah, I saw that on the way in," you note. "It's this way."

You lead the way, picking through trees. This place is some kind of weird nature reserve, you're reasonably sure of now - or at least a *very* weird park, with entire copses of trees. You really should remember to look it up sometime.

Still, musings aside, you make it to the clearing.

"Yuma, you know what to do," Kyouko calls, and waves you over to a flat rock that she perches on. You settle down beside her, trying to find a comfortable spot before giving up and forming a platform of Grief.

"So what do I do with m- ow, Yuma!" Sayaka gets smacked -*lightly!*- by Yuma's mace, the younger girl grinning at her.

"Do whatever you want!" Kyouko calls back. "Keep one hand free, block or dodge, don't attack. Simple enough that you probably can't screw it up."

"Right, right," Sayaka says with a sigh. She turns to face Yuma, single sword held out and one arm folded behind her back in a pose vaguely reminiscent of a fencer's guard, before rethinking that and adjusting so that her arm hangs freely. "Ready."

Yuma bounces lightly on her toes - and then *bounces* three meters straight up and *over* Sayaka, who squawks and jerks her head to the side, avoiding the sweep of Yuma's mace.

"Man, when did Yuma get so vicious?" you mutter.

"Man, why doesn't Sayaka have any killer instinct?" Kyouko asks.

"'Killer instinct'? Really?" you turn a raised eyebrow on Kyouko, ignoring the clash of steel on steel from the practice.

She shrugs, unrepentant, but the smirk doesn't last long, fading into seriousness that's somewhat ruined by the lollipop stick dangling from the corner of her mouth.

"Well?" she says.

You exhale slowly, marshalling your thoughts, and check that Yuma and Sayaka are busy. This is going to hurt.

"Well... again, I'm going to call back to what we talked about last time," you say. You meet Kyouko's eyes. "I *know* that if Mami had *actually* wanted to kill you, you'd be dead. And Mami shortly after."

Kyouko flinches.

"*Bullshit*," Kyouko snaps, more on reflex than anything else. You can see you scored a hit - and while you managed a steady voice, you can't even begin to imagine your own expression right now.

"It would *kill* her to do that to a friend," you say, your voice wobbling a little. "I know how the fight started, Kyouko, and based on what I'm seeing *now*?" You make a small gesture to indicate Yuma, who's trying to knock Sayaka's knees in. "I'm *pretty damned sure* it's not going to happen again."

"That's-" Kyouko's expression shutters, closing off and turning into fierce anger. "I asked you a question."

You nod, accepting that. You'd *known*, going in, that it would hurt going down. But she needed to hear it, and it's why you think reconciliation is possible on *even* grounds.

Mami would accept Kyouko back, without question, no matter what she'd done. Of course she would. Even now, with you and Homura and Sayaka and Madoka and Hitomi, with Kazumi and *her* friends, Mami hasn't shaken that fear of abandonment. This isn't the kind of thing that's solved in a day, or even a few weeks. It takes time, it takes love, it takes care.

Kyouko, though...

Kyouko needs to forgive *herself*. It strikes you that she might even have been trying to commit suicide by cop, because there's a *place* for people 'like her'. There's a place for people who kill themselves, isn't there? She was *punishing* herself, for sinning.

"Something concrete, then," you say, and now you *do* smile. You've run through jokes and ideas to reassure her, but frankly, you should just keep it simple. "If you agree, I act as the intermediary. With your permission, all we need to do is to explain why it started, and that's... it."

"That simple?" Kyouko says, sneering a bit.

"That simple," you say. "The biggest reason I haven't done it is because bringing it up hurts Mami. I don't want to do that if I don't have anything from *your* end. It doesn't *need* to be more complicated than that, and honestly, from there... as long as you don't pick another fight, that's it."

"Yeah, just run your mouth and everything's gonna be wonderful again," Kyouko snaps. But she doesn't seem *angry* with you. Not exactly.

"Again, huh?" you say, a note of light teasing in your voice. You're forcing it, but you don't *want* this to be something quite so heavy, or fraught. It *is* that simple. "In the end, you've just got to suck it up and do what you were *always* had to do in the end. Sit down and *talk*. *Communicate*."

"And if you're wrong?" Kyouko says.

"If I'm wrong, if Mami attacks you, then I end the fight," you say. "Homura and Sayaka, too."

"As if you'd have a *chance*," Kyouko spits, pulling her legs up onto the flat rock and hugging her knees to her chest.

"Nah, I wouldn't," you say. "But she wouldn't hurt me."

"Confident, aintcha," Kyouko says, without any real heat.

You shrug, and glance at Sayaka and Yuma, and then do a double-take. "Hey, uh- oh, there they are."

"Slow, too," Kyouko says drily, seeming to pull herself together. "Yeah, blue wonder there lured Yuma to move further away." She snorts. "She's learning."

"My mouth sometimes does the thing with the words faster than my brain catches up," you say, shrugging. Now that you're looking, you can see Sayaka and Yuma, still practicing vigorously, albeit further away from the two of you. Yuma's really throwing herself into it, bouncing off trees and branches and the ground like an overly excited pinball.

Kyouko sighs, uncurling her legs and kicking them out in front of her so she can lean back, propped up with both arms and head tipped back to stare at the leafy canopy above you.

"Fine," she says. "When?"

**\[] Answer Kyouko
\- \[] Now!
\- \[] Tonight.
\- \[] Tomorrow?
\- \[] Monday.
\- \[] Write-in...
\[] Wrapping up the training session
\- \[] Anything to ask Kyouko to help Sayaka with?
\[] Heading back to Mitakihara
\- \[] What next?
Word count limit: 150 words**

\=====​

So, about those Sunday updates... >\_>
