# Office Complex pt. 29

"I'm glad I could help you find that place," you say, giving Sayaka an earnest, warm smile. "Seriously, I..."

You trail off, shaking your head. "I'm glad you took this well."

"So am I!" Sayaka says, waving a hand. The thread tied around her wrist -tying her to Homura- flutters alarmingly with the motion. "I mean, I might go have a nice breakdown later, but... yeah, I'm feeling OK. I'm kind of surprised, too."

"Uh..." you give her a concerned look. "*On that note*, d'you wanna join us for dinner? Homura's already coming. You *are* staying for dinner, right, Homura?"

"I am," Homura says, shifting slightly on the bench.

"Great," you say, beaming at her, then returning your attention to Sayaka. "How about it, Sayaka? No pressure if you wanna go home and mull it over in peace, of course."

"Nah," Sayaka says, shaking her head. "I was just kidding about the hysterics. I think." She smiles. "Seriously, I'm feeling alright. And... Sabrina? Homura?"

"Mm?" you raise an eyebrow at her. You can feel the weight of Homura's attention on Sayaka, too.

"Thanks for trusting me," she says. "I..." Sayaka huffs, bracing her arms on her seat and leaning forward. "Look, I dunno 'bout you, Sabrina, but I'm... pretty sure you've been burned before on this, right, Homura? So... thanks. Thanks for trusting me, thanks for giving me a chance."

"You would have found out eventually," Homura says quietly. "If not from us, then from seeing it, or from the Incubator."

"And that... would have been worse," Sayaka agrees. "But I didn't, and we're here now, right? So... thank you both."

"No, thank *you*, Sayaka," you say, smile widening. "And just... goodness knows *I* do a horrible job of this, but pacing yourself for a long and difficult project -which this *is*- is a good thing. Taking the time to think it over is just wise."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says with a grin. "I know, I impress myself with how smart I am."

"And... don't get hung up for too long on, like, the details and such," you say, waving a hand vaguely. "Like... There's a fine line between consideration and hesitation - the former is wisdom, the latter is fear, and all that stuff, you know? Homura and I are here if you have any questions, or doubts, and I'm *always* happy to lend a listening ear or a shoulder."

You are, in fact, perfectly aware of the irony inherent in your words. You should also *definitely* tell Oriko that at some point, too.

"And I am *so* glad for that," Sayaka agrees, nodding. "I can't... god, things would've gone so badly without you here."

Homura grimaces, looking away from Sayaka. You catch her eye and smile reassuringly - you *are* here. You're here to stay.

"Anyway," you say, shrugging and standing. "Any last questions? Anything important that I missed out, Homura?"

Homura shakes her head, standing.

"I've got too much to think about already," Sayaka says, pushing herself to her feet. She hops a few times, boots scraping dully across the concrete roofing slabs as she stretches. "I'm good."

"Great," you say, pursing your lips thoughtfully. "Homura?"

"Yes," she says. "Pass me the string."

"Right, ugh," Sayaka grumbles, already starting to try and untie the string around her wrist. She rolls her shoulders, string held pinched between two fingers. "Homura, your powers are really, uh, powerful, but *ugh*."

"I'm sorry?" Homura says, brows knitted in confusion.

"Eh, don't sweat it," Sayaka says, waving her free hand. "See you in a second."

She lets go of the string. The colour bleaches out of her, draining away as if into some vast, unseen tank, and she's locked into a droopy-eyed freezeframe of a grin.

You can't help but snicker, and grin at Homura, untying your own bit of the knot. "Alright. See you in a moment?"

"Wait," Homura says.

"Hm?" You look up to meet her eyes, hard amethyst to your sky blue.

"It... worked," Homura says, soft and disbelieving. "She listened. She didn't break down over it."

"Yeah," you say with a slow exhale, and grin at Homura. "I... you know what? It's a relief for me, too. I was scared, too."

Homura nods slowly.

"You made it work," she says. "Thank you."

"You're welcome, but... Homura, don't you think that you didn't help, too," you say, raising both eyebrows at her. "I don't know if you've noticed, but Sayaka *trusts* you, now. Having you around to offer your support to her *helped* her to absorb all this. So..."

You wrap her *gently* in a hug, giving her time to pull away if needed. She doesn't. "It's OK to be relieved, Homura," you say. "It's a step forward. It's *progress*. With Sayaka on our side, *fully* in the know, she'll help to dissuade Madoka, too. She'll help to *protect* Madoka, and we can tell Madoka that we've got it under control."

"We'll have to be careful still," Homura mutters. She leans into the hug, just a bit. "The Incubator isn't going to just give up."

"I know," you say, pulling back enough to glare vaguely at the dull greys of a frozen Mitakihara. "In fact, I'm sort of expecting it to show up after this... I'm hoping it doesn't go after Sayaka when she's alone. But even if it does, Sayaka knows more than enough to not talk to it."

"It may target Mami by preying on her insecurities," Homura says.

"Yeah, and don't I know it," you admit. You ease back fully from the hug, scowling at nothing in particular. "I'm preparing to intercept it, if necessary."

"I will stay alert as well," Homura offers.

"I appreciate that," you say with a smile. "Thanks, Homura."

She nods.

"Alright," you say, holding the string up, and grin. "See you in a moment?"

Homura gives you a flat, unamused glare, and just reaches for her shield. The gears hum as she cranks it across, a clatter of gears heralding the crash of noise that's almost a physical force after the weight of the silence.

"Bleh," Sayaka says, sticking her tongue out. "Hom- hey!"

Sayaka squawks nearly as loud as Mugin does, the bird abandoning the birdseed to flutter and peck at Sayaka's boots in great agitation. You raise your eyebrow, catching Homura's quizzical look. You can only shrug, bemused, as Sayaka back-pedals, trying to avoid the aggravated pecking.

Homura motions towards the stairs, and you shrug, falling in step as you head down.

"Traitors!" Sayaka hollers after you.

"You've got the animal communication power, use it!" you call over your shoulder, grinning.

"*Traitors*!" Sayaka complains.

She *does* join you a few minutes later, footsteps echoing down the stairwell as she jogs down to join you, detransformed and with Mugin now sitting placidly on her shoulder.

"You're all traitors," Sayaka mutters. "Also, apparently crows are smart enough to notice when you abruptly jump like three meters to the side."

"I guess that's not entirely surprising," you muse. You've spent the walk down spreading Grief nanofog, now an invisible cloud billowing out to fill your *entire* control radius. Nothing within the apartments or anything, because that's private, but any public space is fair game, you feel. Early warning anti-Kyuubey detection system activated. "... hang on, why're you coming this way? Changed your mind about joining us for dinner?"

"Gonna take a bus," Sayaka says, shrugging. "I'm... in the mood to think, I suppose. Also, *this* is yours."

Sayaka reaches up to coax Mugin over to your shoulder. Homura snorts quietly, sidling over to your far side to avoid him.

"Don't think *too* hard," you say, teasing. "You might hurt yourself."

"Oh shush," Sayaka says, smacking the back of your head lightly.

"OK, but seriously - stay alert," you say. "'cuz... y'know. We've got hostiles around."

"Mm," Sayaka says. Her expression turns pensive as she ambles down the stairs by your side. "Yeah, I gotcha. And... hey. Again, thanks."

"Anytime," you say with a smile.

And that's your cue to part ways, Sayaka continuing on down the stairs while you and Homura head back home.

"Maaaami, I'm hooome\~!" you carol as you bump the door open with your hip, already fumbling your shoes off. Mugin flutters off your shoulder, hopping to the floor with a clatter of talons to investigate.

"Welcome home, Sabrina," Mami calls back from the kitchen. "Hello again, Homura."

You hurry over to join Mami in the kitchen, letting Homura close the door behind you. It might be rude, but you've got other things to do, like draping your arms over Mami's shoulders to pull her into a hug. She nestles back against you with a happy sigh. You can feel the rigid tension seeping from her body, her shoulders easing back against you as she lets herself relax.

"I'm home," you breathe, letting your eyes slide shut. "How are you?"

"I'm better now," Mami murmurs. "How were things?"

"They went well," you say, looking around the kitchen. "Already started cooking?"

"Just preparing, since... since you were away," Mami says. She raises her hands to cover yours, squeezing gently. "I thought we might make some beef stew tonight? Is that alright?"

"Beef stew sounds lovely," you say. A thought strikes you as you look around at the prepared vegetables and meat, all washed and ready in tidy stacks beside the chopping board. "Wait, we still had beef?"

"Ah... I decided to run to the grocery shop earlier," Mami says, with a sheepish laugh. "Homura came with me."

"Aha!" you say, smiling. Mental note to self: thank Homura for that. "That's good."

"How was... how was training?" Mami asks, that edge of nervousness returning to her voice once more.

"It went well," you say, dropping a kiss to the crown of Mami's head, and rest your cheek amidst soft, golden hair. "Sayaka's a fast learner."

"That's... that's good," Mami says quietly.

You interlace your fingers with Mami's, locking her firmly into the hug. There's nothing on the stove, nothing that needs to be attended to right now. Homura's pulled out her homework, by the feel of it, so you're not too worried about wasting her time.

"Kyouko's willing to talk," you say softly. "Tonight, if you want."

Mami stiffens under your arms. You force yourself to remain calm, to be a steadying presence for her, your thumb stroking gently over the back of her palm. You hold her close and snug in your arms, not moving and letting her work through her thoughts. It'll be alright, you tell her without speaking, you're here, she's safe, and you're going nowhere.

"Oh," Mami whispers. She shifts, turning in the hug so that she can burrow herself against you, head tucked under your chin. You take to rubbing slow, soothing circles on her back with one hand, the other holding her close.

You don't want to push her. You don't want to steamroll her with what *you* think she should do, or what *you* think she wants. You want- no, you *need* to let her work through it on her own, to figure out what *she* wants.

Still, you monitor her Soul Gem carefully.

"W-what does she want?" she whispers, finally.

You hum quietly.

"I don't know her reasons, not really," you murmur. "But I've been trying to... open up the possibility of reconciliation, if you want it. I've made that clear to her, and she's willing to talk about it."

"I-" Mami shakes her head, her hair brushing against your neck. "I- yes, of course, but you-"

Mami pulls back. Not so far that she has to unwind her arms from around your waist, but far enough that she can look up at you. Her eyes are bright with unshed tears - but she's smiling, smiling *brilliantly* at you with wonderment and pure, heartbreaking *joy*.

"S-Sabrina," she whispers. "You're *everything*."

"It's nothing more than you deserve, Mami," you say, smiling softly at her. "You deserve this and more."

"I-" Mami sniffles, swiping at her eyes. "Do- do you think it'll be alright?"

"It will be," you say. "And I'll be there. I'll catch you if you fall. *Always*."

Mami chokes out a soggy laugh, pressing against you once more and burrowing her head under your chin.

"I know you will be," she whispers. "I- I can, I *have* started to believe it. And it, it's more than I thought I'd ever have, Sabrina. You can work miracles."

"They're not really miracles," you disagree. "But... I wanted you to be happy." You drop another kiss amongst golden hair. "And I know what you're going to say, so - I want you to be happ*ier*."

Mami laughs again, muffled by the way her cheek is mashed against you. "I know. I know, Sabrina."

You hold her like that, swaying slightly in the middle of the kitchen.

"B-but-" Mami breaks the silence.

"But?" you prompt, tightening your hug a little more.

"What I m-meant to ask is, I- we didn't really..." Mami shakes her head. "She- we fought, Sabrina. You... you know that, right? Is..." She takes a shaky breath. "What *is* she expecting?"

---

- [ ] How do you answer Mami?
- [x] Onwards with dinner!
  - [x] Experiment with magic cosplay and set the table as maid-brina. With hair extensions.
  - [ ] Any particular dinner conversation?
- [x] Arrange the meeting with Kyouko
  - [ ] How do you handle the meeting?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] You think Mami should approach this with openness, honesty, and understanding. Emotionally as well as otherwise. It's behind all your relationships with the people you care about, and you don't think the heart of the answer is different here.

\=====​

The next post should take you through dinner and to the meeting. Vote on how you'll handle the initial meet-up, please!
