# Office Complex pt. 30

"Mmm..." You debate phrasing and specifics with yourself for a moment. You understand Kyouko, a bit. Enough to give Mami an answer, anyway, you just have to organize your thoughts.

Mami makes a quiet, indecipherable noise, curling a little closer to you, but not so far that she has to look away from you.

"She *does* want to reconcile with you," you say finally. You almost change your mind at the last second, but really, you don't need to complicate it. "But she has a lot of difficulty believing that it's *possible*."

"Because we fought," Mami murmurs quietly.

"Eh..." In lieu of waggling your hand -you'd have to stop hugging Mami to do that- you bob your head from side to side in a non-committal sort of hybrid between a nod and a shake. "I don't know for sure whether she believes that because of you, or herself, or maybe both... but I *do* believe she *wants* the reconciliation. I wouldn't be trying to make this happen if she didn't."

Mami hesitates, a touch of fear and a sprinkling of worry etching lines around her face and mouth. You give in to the impulse to brush your fingertips along her face, trying to smooth away the wrinkles. She presses against your hand, following the touch.

"Does she?" Mami asks finally, her voice very small and scared.

"As much as you do, I think," you say softly. "But she has those same fears, too. She..." You huff, staring past Mami's shoulder and out through the window, as if trying to see past the distance and the buildings to Kasamino. "I don't think she really expects this to work."

"But-" Mami's eyes snap up to you, any further words dying on her tongue.

"But I think it can be done," you say. "As long as you want it, too."

"Of course I do," Mami whispers.

"Then I think it can happen," you say softly. "But if I may, Mami, as a... third party, I think... I think you shouldn't rely on *expectations*. I don't think Kyouko's expectations are correct, and... it's just a breakdown of communication. You still care about her, right?"

Mami nods, throat working as she swallows.

"I think you really need to tell her that," you say. "And I think she really needs to hear about it. And anything else, literally anything else, can be worried about after that."

"A-alright," Mami says, voice small. She takes a breath, and smiles at you. "Alright. I believe you, Sabrina."

"And I'll be there with you," you promise, returning the smile. "Always."

"As long as you're there," Mami murmurs. "As long as you're with me, I can do it." She burrows back into the hug, arms wrapping around your waist to pull you close and tuck herself into your embrace.

"Then we're definitely getting this done," you murmur, returning to rubbing soothing circles on her back. "And it won't be thanks to me, because all I've done is make the meeting possible. I *know* you can do it, Mami, because you still care about her, or you wouldn't be afraid - and the same applies for her, too."

"You're everything, Sabrina," Mami whispers. "None of this would have happened if you weren't here. I'm happy because of *you*, Sabrina."

"And you make me happy too," you murmur. "Always remember that."

Mami makes a soft noise, but doesn't say anything more, instead choosing to indulge in the hug for a few more minutes.

"Alright," she murmurs at last, pulling back to meet your eyes. There's warmth in her golden eyes and tremulous but strengthening smile, and as you return it, she straightens.

"Alright?" you echo, returning that smile.

"Alright," she says, cracking a tiny grin.

"Alright!" you say.

Mami giggles, and pulls away entirely. "We should probably get back to preparing dinner," she says. "After all, we have a guest, and we shouldn't keep her waiting for too long."

"Two guests, actually," you say lightly, following Mami to the sink to wash your hands. "Mugin came along, too."

"We should just get him a perch," Mami says thoughtfully.

"Are we adopting?" you say, slanting a sidelong grin at Mami. You're not blushing. You're absolutely not blushing. You're just lightening the mood a bit, to help Mami feel better, so why would you be blushing?

Mami, on the other hand, definitely *does* blush, an utterly adorable dusting of pink settling across her cheeks, but she rallies gamely and smooths her expression out.

"No, I think *we've* been adopted," Mami says. "We should ask Sayaka."

"Sounds like a plan," you say, beaming. "Now, beef stew, right? Do we have enough time?"

"I think so, if we're quick about it," Mami says, smiling and gesturing at the prepared vegetables. "And... we should have enough time to bake some bread, too?"

"Sounds good. I'll start browning the beef, then," you say. Mami makes room for you to pull out a large pot, and you set to dusting the beef in a bit of flour and browning it. As the meat sizzles merrily in the pot, you keep a close eye on it - just as you keep a close eye on your cloud of nanofog for unwanted visitors.

Honestly, Kyuubey's been way too quiet recently. It makes you more than a bit suspicious.

And of course, you have enough attention to spare for a little side project, too. As you bob to the side to make room for Mami to start mixing a dough, you start weaving Grief into your hair. It takes some tweaking for you to get the texture and colour right *without* going into Witchy Grief, and that occupies a good ten minutes, and even then, you decide to grow your hair extensions out slowly, just for the effect.

You find yourself humming quietly under your breath, watching Mami out of the corner of your eye and smiling when she looks up to meet your gaze. She always returns the smile, and if there's an edge of nervousness in the way she hesitates and pauses at times, as if lost in thought, well - you're right there, and more than happy to reassure her with a brush of your hand against hers, or a gentle bump of your hip against her.

Still, by the time you have the stew simmering nicely on the stove, your hair's down to mid-back. You're not quite certain if Mami hasn't noticed it, or if she *has* noticed it and has decided not to say anything about it. Probably the latter.

Homura's still working on her homework when you and Mami join her in the living room, leaving dinner to, well, *stew* for a bit.

"Ah, I'm sorry," Mami says, blinking as she enters the living room on your heels. "We... haven't been the best of hosts today, Homura, and I apologise."

"Not at all," Homura murmurs, shaking her head. "You're offering dinner, and I'm only taking advantage of the time to do my homework."

"Weren't you going to join everyone else for the homework session tomorrow, Homura?" you ask, settling onto the sofa. Mami immediately claims the spot beside you, curling herself under your arm.

"I still am," Homura says, eyes flicking up to you. You can see the instant Homura notices your hair. Violet eyes narrow for a split second, then dart over to Mami, then back to you, and then she continues smoothly. "But the intention was only to finish the more difficult questions as a group."

"Hah, right. Yeah, that makes sense," you say. Mami starts toying with your hair, exploring the Grief extensions with a curious, gentle touch, and you can't help but lean into the touch - and you can't help but twine the strands affectionately around her fingers, either.

Homura nods, and returns to her homework, pen scratching out neat, precise characters. It's a comfortable sort of silence, Mami content to play with your hair, and you content to continue growing it out slowly. You'll have it down to Homura levels of hair by the time dinner's done, you estimate.

Still, you're never one to stay idle for *too* long.

"*Hey, Kyouko?*" you reach out telepathically, trying to keep both your face and your mental voice neutral. "*Mami's agreed to the meeting.*"

On the one hand, it'd be polite to ask her if she's still up to the meeting. On the other, Kyouko tends to take that kind of thing as a *challenge*, and you don't want to accidentally coerce her into it - that's not the kind of mindset you want her to go into it with.

"*Yeah? Tonight?*" Kyouko's mental voice is perhaps a little rougher than usual.

"*Tonight, if you're up for it. Do you want to come over to Mami's apartment, or somewhere in between?*" you ask carefully. "*We're having dinner soon.*"

"*The bridge,*" Kyouko grunts. "*She knows where.*"

"*The bridge, huh,*" you say, but you're thinking to yourself. Kyouko's already cut the connection, and you can't help but notice she didn't say *when* you were going to meet up.

... well, you've told her, in as many words, that you'd be having dinner. If she shows up earlier... you think that you're allowed that bit of selfishness, if she herself didn't bother to make it clear.

"Is it... is it alright?" Mami asks, quiet and tremulous. Golden eyes watch your face anxiously.

"Yeah," you say with a soft smile. "We'll head down after dinner."

Homura looks up silently from the coffee table, her pen stilling for a second before she nods at you, which you interpret as acknowledgement and notice that she will, in fact, be there, and then she returns to her homework.

"Oh," Mami says. She takes another breath. "Alright."

She returns to toying with your hair, distracted and fitful, but she seems to find it fascinating, anyway - Grief extensions and your natural hair alike.

"We'll be there," you say. You squeeze her gently, and you leave it at that, because you've been learning when to hold your tongue sometimes. Mami needs to work through this herself, and so you'll give her that time and space to think.

"*We may wish to invite Miki Sayaka,*" Homura murmurs to you, and you alone.

"*I... hm.*" You lean into Mami's hand, following the trail of her fingertips along your scalp. "*I... maybe? The support would be nice, but the fact that Kyouko and Sayaka are already friends might make it weird. It's a good idea, though, I'll mull it over. Thanks, Homura.*"

Homura catches your eye for a second, nodding infinitesimally.

"Ah..." Mami exhales, and uncurls from your side. "We should... we should finish up with dinner."

"Alright," you say. "Let's go."

"Dinner will be ready soon, Homura," Mami says, smiling at Homura. "Thank you for being patient."

"It's not a problem," Homura says.

You stand, and head in to the kitchen on Mami's heels, sharing a reassuring smile with her. The richness of the beef stew combines with the heady fragrance of baking bread, enough to make your stomach rumble as you peek under the lid to check that the stew's getting along nicely.

You turn your thoughts to Homura's suggestion and the meeting with Kyouko. The bridge, Kyouko had said. You think you know what she means, though you don't know *where* it is. The scene of their confrontation.

---

- [ ] Invite Sayaka
- [ ] Don't invite Sayaka
- [ ] During the meeting
  - [ ] Guide the conversation
  - [ ] Provide an opening statement
  - [ ] Just let Mami and Kyouko talk it out
- [x] Vote in abeyance**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Onwards with dinner!
  - [x] Experiment with magic cosplay and set the table as maid-brina. With hair extensions.
  - [x] Any particular dinner conversation?
    - [x] Sayaka's training with Kyoko and Yuma seems to be going well. You're proud of the progress she's made.

---​

Ugh. Sorry for breaking the update here - I'd genuinely intended to get you through to the meeting, but that isn't happening.
