# Lowlife pt. 2

"*Sounds fine to me!*" Sayaka says. "*Although, uh... I'll be skipping out on the training, as I said. Looking forward to the shopping, though!*"

"*Yeah!*" Madoka says happily. "*It'll be nice to hang out with everyone.*"

"*It *does* feel like it's been a while,*" Hitomi says.

"*So... more or less settled, then!*" you say, squeezing Mami's hand. You arch an eyebrow at Kyouko, across the dining table - you're vaguely surprised she hasn't commented. Albeit *pleasantly* surprised. "*Two quuuuick things: Hitomi, uh, are we still doing the dinner with your parents tonight?*"

"*I believe so,*" Hitomi says. "*I shall check, one moment please.*"

"*Alright, thanks,*" you say. "*And... the second thing, I sort of want to invite Nagisa along? What do you guys think?*"

"*Oh, that's a great idea!*" Madoka exclaims enthusiastically. "*It's been a while!*"

"*D'you ever think it's weird that her uncle just lets her hang out with us?*" Sayaka asks.

"*It *is* a little weird, isn't it?*" you muse. Kyouko eyes you across the table, then rolls her eyes and gets back to eating. Yuma hasn't *stopped*, bottomless pit that she is, and you're glad you'd made extra rice earlier.

"*Maybe she's just really independent?*" Madoka says. "And *he knows my mom, too...*"

"*Ah, Sabrina? My mother says that the dinner is still scheduled for tonight, yes,*" Hitomi says. "*Six PM. And on the subject of Nagisa - I believe Sabrina *did* make an excellent first impression, so that can only help, I'm sure.*"

"*Great, thanks Hitomi,*" you say. "*And again, great! I'll see if we can invite her later, then.*"

"*Alright! See you all later, then\~*" Sayaka says.

"*When shall we meet for training?*" Homura asks quietly.

"*After breakfast, so... call it half an hour from now, meet up at the old industrial district?*" you say, glancing to Mami, who beams and nods at you in affirmation. "*You're sure you don't want to come for the training, Sayaka?*"

A spark of concern drives through you, vague worries that Sayaka's inferiority complex, or worries about being useless, might be kicking in again. But then again... it's just one training session, and Sayaka has more than legitimate reason to want to focus on other things.

"*Nah, I'm good,*" Sayaka says. "*Seriously. Just got homework to do if I'm gonna free up the rest of the weekend. I have no idea how *you* do it, Homura, Mami, I'd love some tips.*"

Kyouko rolls her eyes.

"*Time management,*" Mami says. "*I make sure to take the time to finish the homework as it comes in, as early as possible. And I'm sure...*" Mami trails off for a second, blinking, and then shares a faintly smug smile with you. "*I'm sure Homura has excellent techniques for time management.*"

"*Yeah, Homu-*" Sayaka, too, trails off, and you get the distinct impression of narrowed eyes. "*Nope. Not touching that.*"

"*... oooh.*" Madoka says, and promptly starts giggling.

"*I would say this is definitely Sabrina's fault,*" Hitomi decides.

"*I gladly accept credit,*" you say cheerfully.

"*... I will see you at the training grounds.*" Homura says, completely and utterly deadpan, and leaves the mental call.

"*See what you did?*" Sayaka says. "Homura*had to step out. Homura.*"

Mami leans into you, giggling faintly, and you can't help but smile at her. How *happy* she is.

"*Yeah, yeah, you laughed too and you know it,*" you say, directing a vague grin in her mental direction.

"*It was terrible!*" Madoka says. "*But funny.*"

"*Agreed on both counts, Madoka,*" Hitomi says. "*That said, I probably should start on my homework, too. Until later.*"

"*Ah, see you!*" Madoka says.

"*Later!*" Sayaka says. "*Gotta go, too. See ya.*"

You relax as the call ends, slouching back into your chair and grinning inanely at nothing in particular. Across the table, Kyouko and Yuma are demolishing the last of their breakfasts, so you hurry to finish, too - it'll be time to meet Homura soon, you figure.

"Same ol' place as we used to go?" Kyouko drawls, pushing her chair back and standing.

"Nearby," Mami says with a smile.

"Cool," Kyouko says. "See ya there. C'mon, Yuma."

"Thank you for the food!" Yuma says, hopping lightly to her feet. She fidgets a second, then grabs her plates and utensils and glances at Kyouko, who in turn rolls her eyes and collects her own utensils.

"Just leave that in the kitchen," Mami says, smiling faintly. "We'll wash up."

"Riiight," Kyouko says, already breezing off towards the kitchen. "Gotcha."

You return to eating, eyeing Kyouko thoughtfully as she walks past you, a vaguely sullen snap in her step, and then again as she pulls the living room window open and hops out without so much as a by-your-leave. Yuma waves cheerfully to you as she follows out into the dreary rain.

You watch as they bound upwards, already sodden, and swing the window shut with a bit of Grief and a roll of your eyes. It only takes a bit more work to scoop up all the raindrops that got in, too, and you convey the water off to the kitchen sink as Mami scoots her chair closer to you so that she can lean her shoulder against yours.

"She's uncomfortable with how much things changed without her, I think," Mami murmurs. "How much... how much *I* changed. I... I'm not the same person I was, and... that's a good thing, but..."

"It *is* a good thing," you say, smiling and wrapping your arm properly around her. The back of the chair pokes at your arm, slightly uncomfortable but entirely tolerable. "And, well, she's just prickly. A prickly street urchin."

Mami manages a weak giggle for that.

"It's making her uncomfortable," she murmurs. "It was... it was inevitable, in the end."

"It was inevitable because things *are* different, as you said, and you *are* a different person from back then," you say. "Come to that, *she's* a different person from back then, and... none of that is a bad thing. It's how\... hah, it's just how *life* works, right? Time moves on, and things change."

"I know," Mami says, shaking herself and squirming free of your arm to stand. "I'm not upset, I think, but... it feels odd." She huffs a sigh. "I suppose Kyouko must, too. I hope she's handling it as best as she can."

"She's got Yuma with her," you say. "And Yuma's definitely the smarter one."

"That's true," Mami says, stretching and twisting from side to side. "Well... we won't know any more from just standing here, I suppose."

"Let's get moving, then," you say.

With both you and Mami moving in easy, familiar tandem, the dishes aren't much trouble at all, even with your phone held up against your ear - with Grief, not with your shoulder. No awkward sideways hunch for you while trying to wash up, oh no.

"Good morning, Sabrina." Nagisa's uncle answers after a few rings. "How are you? I hope you're doing well? Nagisa's been clamouring after you, but I thought you must be busy."

"Very well, thank you!" you say, and perhaps your tone is just the bit brighter for the way Mami's fingers brush yours as you pass a soapy plate over. "How are you?"

"Ah, far too busy," he says. "Business is booming. I'm glad to hear you're well. I'd offer to let you speak to Nagisa, but she's still asleep, unfortunately."

"Well... on the note of Nagisa, I was wondering if it would be alright for her to come with me and some of my friends for a shopping trip today?"

"Hmm," Shin says. "Do you have a schedule?"

"Not a schedule as such, but we were planning on meeting up after lunch for... oh, about three hours or so?" you say.

"Right..." he sounds thoughtful, and faintly distracted. "That would work well, actually. I was expecting to have to leave her with my other niece - business meeting in the afternoon, you understand. Kaname's daughter will be there, yes?"

"Yeah, actually," you say, blinking.

"Excellent! After lunch, you said - one?" Shin says.

"Around there, maybe a bit earlier?" you say. "I can call ahead, if that would work better."

"That would work," he says. "Nagisa will be glad to see you again."

"It'll be good to see her, too!" you say. "I feel like I should've called more, but... ah, well."

"Keeping in touch is... more important than it feels," Shin says, melancholy seeping into his voice. "Take it from an old man."

"Ah, yeah," you say. "I will."

"Apologies, I didn't mean to lower the mood," Shin says. "But I'll see you at one, then!"

"At one!" you agree.

Mami chuckles quietly as you end the call. "He seems to like you."

"I guess so," you say. "As Hitomi said, I made a good first impression, and that helped, I think."

Mami chuckles, bumping gently against you as she washes her hands, the dishes finished. You smile at her, and with your chores done, it's time to change and head out - out and *up* to the roof. Your footsteps echo up the stairwell, and the rapid drumbeat of the rain responds in counterpoint, accompanied by the slower, distant bass of thunder.

Grief spreads out ahead of you, a nanofog cloudbank flooding the stairwell, and as you reach the roof, boots scraping over sodden concrete, you start batting raindrops away. A drop here, a drop there... you keep it subtle, nudging the droplets ever so slightly away from you so that you stay dry.

Mami glances at you out of the corner of the eye as you both step up to the edge of the roof, a tiny, expectant smile curling the side of her mouth.

"Yes, Mami?" you ask.

"Oh, nothing, I'm sure," she says.

And despite the fact that her expression doesn't change, despite the fact that she doesn't really seem *bothered* by the rain -her hair and costume both seem immune to getting *wet*- you immediately extend the hat of sky to her, brushing away the raindrops.

"I am *so* weak," you mutter.

Mami smiles, taking your arm gently. "Shall we get going?"

"Yeah," you say. "Let's."

You bound right into the teeth of the driving rain, westwards, towards the industrial district. Sayaka was right, you have to admit, it really *is* funeral weather, and you can't help but make uncomfortable connections - it will have been raining on the day of her funeral, elsewhere and elsewhen.

Well, that's not happening here or now.

When you skid to a landing in the muddy sand of the junkyard, you find both Kyouko, Yuma, and Homura already there, the latter seeming to fade out of a little niche formed by mouldering old cars. Like Mami, she seems unperturbed by the rain, despite the way it slicks down her face in little rivulets.

"Hey, Homura," you say, waving. "Thanks for coming."

"Hello, Sabrina, Mami," Homura says. She nods at you and casts a significant glance skywards. "Training to fight under these circumstances is a good idea," she says tonelessly. "Is Miss Kyouko going to come down?"

"I can hear ya talking from up here, y'know," Kyouko calls.

"And you *could* come down here and not perch on top of the junk like some wonky bird, y'know!" you call back.

"Yeah, yeah," Kyouko grumbles, dropping to the ground beside you in a splash of mud, Yuma following a moment later. "Why'd I agree to come out here in this lousy weather again?"

"It's fun!" Yuma says brightly, all but hopping from one foot to another in the rain, bright cheer undampened despite being soaked. Subtly, you extend the rain-shield to her too, earning you an amused glance from Mami.

You chuckle, smiling.

"Honestly, I wonder if Sayaka just wanted to stay dry," Mami muses. "That said, Homura has a point - sometimes, we have to fight in the rain." She nods decisively and claps, smiling. "Well, we have five people here today. It *is* a bit of a shame that Sayaka couldn't join us, or we'd have a nice even six, for sparring. What does everyone feel like?"

"I... I'd sort of like to spar with you, Mami?" you say. "A high-intensity spar?"

Mami's smile brightens. "I wouldn't mind," she says. "Kyouko, Homura, perhaps you'd like to spar, and we can rotate so that Yuma has an opportunity the next round? If everyone's alright with that?"

"Yeah, yeah," Kyouko grumbles, cracking her neck from side to side, then glancing at Homura. "What's *your* deal, anyway?"

"Guns," Homura says, utterly bland.

Kyouko's grin is feral. "Cool. Let's do this... hrm. Yuma?"

"I can wait!" Yuma says. "I wanna watch the fights, anyway!"

---

- [ ] Confirm the matchups
  - [ ] Specify stipulations or limitations
- [ ] Versus Mami
  - [ ] Try to fight at range
  - [ ] Try to get closer
  - [ ] Focus on using your hammer
  - [ ] Focus on using Grief
  - [ ] Any other notable tactics?
- [ ] Vote in abeyance**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Science:
- [x] Try summoning a more aerodynamic hammer variant. Just the hammerhead as an artillery shell? Lob it at a distant target with a grief sabot.
- [x] Take and provide ideas from and to your friends on what to practice.
- [x] Group Training: Ask Kyouko if she's interested.
- [x] Discuss the format with the people attending. A series of 2 vs. 2 fights again? Or something else?
  - [x] A more high intensity spar of yourself against Mami?
- [x] Your own personal reaction times aren't up to scratch, focus on improving those.

---​

'Kyouko-san', from Homura.
