# Lowlife pt. 9

Sayaka leads the way, scanning the rows and rows of instruments, and you follow as Hitomi, Madoka, and Homura depart for the music section. Accordions to grand pianos, violins to double basses... no pipe organs that you can see, though, so it's not *that* big a music store by Mitakihara standards, you suppose. Or maybe it's just that space in a big shopping centre like this is too expensive.

Nagisa bounces out ahead of you, apparently unaware of the turmoil and impending trouble.

Mami's hand on your arm anchors you in the here and now, rather than getting lost in your head. Even so, your mind runs rampant, iterating through scenarios and possibilities and tactics.

Tokyo.

Your meeting with Tokyo's tomorrow, which means that *today's* the last opportunity to do anything: It's not quite a motive, but it's not quite *not* a motive, either. The means? They have enough magical girls that they might have a weather controller, and the opportunity... well, given that you're *not* keeping an eye on them, you wouldn't be surprised.

But there are so many other candidates.

Iowa, Hijiri, Akiko, the Soujos... the list goes on and on, not to mention someone you simply haven't heard of. Akiko, in particular, would have a grudge against you, *and* the means. Iowa you *know* is headed in your direction.

Which reminds you.

Your group isn't the only one in the city.

"*Masami, Hiroko, Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito- quick headsup, if you girls have a moment?*" You reach out once more with your mind.

"*'nother day, 'nother call, eh? What's it this time?*" Masami drawls.

"*We're here,*" Noriko murmurs.

"*That rainstorm above us isn't natural,*" you say crisply. "*We don't know what it *is* yet, but it's not natural.*"

"*Shit.*" Masami's response is succinct and easily crisp. "*They're after you?*"

"*We don't know yet,*" you repeat. "*But not to put too fine a point on it... yeah, probably me.*"

"*Where do you need us?*" Akemi asks, voice quiet and resolute.

"*Nowhere, for now - again, *we don't know* who or why or how,*" you say. "*We're investigating. Well... unless you have any special insight into storms and such?*"

"*I could get someone struck by lightning?*" Akemi offers. "*But no, no particular insight.*"

"*Nor us,*" Hiroko says. "*But if it comes to a fight, call on us. We're part of this city too, and we owe you.*"

"*I hope it won't come to that, but I'll keep you updated. We've got someone coming in from Ishinomaki to take a look soon,*" you say. "*Just... keep an eye out, for now, and call me if you spot something unusual.*"

"*Got it,*" Masami says.

"*We'll be careful,*" Akemi says, and breaks the call.

Alright. One thing off your mind. Which leaves you a little better than where you'd started, but... who, why, and how. What and *where* are less important for now, because if you know who and why, then you can start figuring out how to navigate the situation.

"Sabrina?" Mami's quiet voice draws you from your racing thoughts.

"Hmm?" you ask.

She squeezes your arm again, fingers rubbing slow, soothing patterns against your skin. You can't help but soften, relaxing and returning her smile with one of your own.

"*Breathe, Sabrina,*" Mami murmurs into your mind.

"*Sorry,*" you mutter. "*Just... worried, you know? Was I being too obvious about it?*"

"*Not to anyone else,*" Mami says. "*Breathe. It's not an attack - not yet, and maybe it isn't. We'll find out more soon enough, right? And when we do, we'll know enough to act on it. And if it *is* an attack, we're well poised to fight them off, right?*"

Sayaka glances over at you - at Mami, actually, who nods at her, and then Nagisa. In turn, Sayaka shrugs, and drifts over to point out a grand piano to the younger girl.

"*I don't want it to be an attack,*" you say. "*I just... I want to have fun with my friends, not fight against someone... someone who might be... unreasonable, or just evil, or... I don't even know. The best scenario I can come up with is that it's just some new magical girl who doesn't know better.*"

"*I understand,*" Mami says with a soft smile, and chuckles. "*It's... you've always been notable, Sabrina. You've been making waves, and you're not going to stop any time soon. The consequences will return to us, but I can promise you that we'll face it together.*"

Her smile sharpens to something a little smug, yet tinged with melancholy. "*And... I held Mitakihara alone for years, Sabrina. Now it's *our* city, and I'm not going to let anything get between us and our happiness. Neither are you, Sabrina.*"

"*Yeah,*" you say, and take a deep breath, then smile. "*Thanks, Mami. I needed that.*" You pause slightly. "*The wait is *killing* me.*"

Mami chuckles, tucking her head back into place against your shoulder. "*It's the nature of waiting.*"

"Big sis, big sis!" Nagisa scampers over to you, tugging your shirt. "Can Nagisa play the piano?"

"I don't know, can you?" you ask, smiling.

"Big siiiis," Nagisa whines, pouting at you.

"Lemme see..." you say, looking around. "Aha. Hey, Sayaka, we're taking Nagisa over there."

"Gotcha!" Sayaka says. "I'll be over *there*."

'There', for Sayaka, would be the rather more businesslike shelves and racks of instrument-related supplies, as opposed to the rows and rows of tastefully ostentatious display stands of said instruments. And 'there' for you, Mami, and Nagisa is a piano set aside with very clear signs declaring that it's for public use.

"Wheee!" Nagisa bounces on ahead of you, making a beeline for the piano, immediately plopping herself down on the stool and starting to plunk away randomly.

You chuckle quietly as you follow, shuffling your bag of shopping around and waving off the shop staff. They give you amused looks in response, and divert to other customers.

"Would you like me to teach you how to play, Nagisa?" you offer.

"Can you play, big sis?" Nagisa asks, eyes turning huge.

"Well... yes," you say with a smile. "Give me a bit of room?"

"Let me take your bag," Mami offers.

"Thanks," you say, beaming, and slide onto the bench beside Nagisa, who budges over. You close your eyes, thinking for a second as your fingers rest lightly on the keys.

Something lighthearted, as much as you're tempted to go for something to match the storm. Something... not quite impromptu, something fast because you're not above showing off with Mami right there, and Sayaka a few rows over talking animatedly with one of the shop assistants.

You close your eyes, and you start to [play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75x6DncZDgI). Fast, rolling notes, first with one hand, then two, rolling across the keyboard to chase the melody in swooping crests and troughs, then a bold, powerful crescendo.

"Show-off!" Sayaka calls.

"Well, yes," you respond, opening your eyes to shoot Mami a grin. Sayaka's wandered over to watch, eyebrows arched as you continue to play. "But then... Maybe you'd prefer this?"

Mid-note, you switch [tunes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0bpK7kPRys).

"I know this one!" Nagisa exclaims excitedly. "Nyan-nyan-nyan-nyan-nyan-" She runs out of breath, sucking in a deep lungful of air before redoubling her efforts. "-nyan-nyan-nyan-nyan-nyan\~"

"... *really*, Sabrina?" Sayaka asks.

"What?" you ask, grinning.

Mami laughs fondly. "Dare I ask?" she asks. You hear the rustle of paper as Mami in turn shifts the shopping bags around, and then her fingers running slowly through your hair as you continue to play.

"I don't know, dare you?" you ask cheekily.

"Oh, I suppose so," Mami says.

"I'm going back to shopping," Sayaka grumbles.

"It's an Internet joke that's just... *really* popular," you say. "And *really* catchy. How do you even know about it, Nagisa?"

The white haired girl shakes her head, eyes wide as she determinedly keeps up with the melody. Not very well, but she's trying her best!

"Uncle- nyanyan- Shin lets- nyan- me- nyan- use his- nyanyan- computer-" Nagisa manages.

You laugh, and switch back to the Chopin. "Fair enough," you say as Nagisa wheezes for breath.

Mami laughs too, fond and warm as she continues to gently tease her fingers through your hair, and... it's comforting. Familiarity. The eye in the storm, perhaps, but a moment of calm nevertheless.

You look around, searching through the crowds of customers for the rest of your friends. Sayaka's just over there, vacillating between different brands of rosin, and Madoka, Homura, and Hitomi are crowded around one of the display stands, ogling the music players. Well... Madoka and Hitomi are ogling the music players, Homura standing half a step back with a sharp, watchful eye. Which reminds you that you never did get an answer from Homura about buying Madoka a gift.

She seems to sense your gaze on her, tired amethyst eyes flicking up to meet yours for a second. You nod at her, smile fading a little to something you hope conveys your conviction. Whatever this is, you'll fix it. It's what you're here for.

Homura nods slightly, and returns to scanning the area.

"*Hey, Miss Sabrina? Almost there.*" Mika's voice sounds inside your mind. "*ETA to outskirts of Mitakihara, five minutes\~*"

"*Gotcha,*" you say. "*We'll meet you outside.*" Simultaneously, you open up a second mental channel. "*Alright. Miss Mika's here - Homura, you're good with staying to watch Madoka and Hitomi, right? And assuming it's acceptable for everyone, Mami, Sayaka, and I will go meet Mika and monitor the storm.*"

"*A-ah? Ah, yes...*" Madoka says, glancing up at you.

"*Yes, I am,*" Homura says.

"*Yeah. I'll make a clone and stick with Madoka and Hitomi, too,*" Sayaka says. "*I'd get my spies out, but er... most of 'em are too busy hiding from the rain.*"

"*Good call, but... mmm. Maybe send a clone with us instead, and the main you can stay with Madoka, Hitomi, Nagisa? More eyes where they're important,*" you say. "*Mami?*"

"*I'm with you, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*We'll have to make our excuses, then.*"

"*And Madoka, Hitomi, you have the most important job of all,*" you say. "*And I'm not even kidding. Help keep an eye on Nagisa, keep her happy, yeah?*"

"*Y-yeah!*" Madoka says. She fidgets a little.

"*We can do that,*" Hitomi says. She doesn't look your way, not deliberately, but nudges Madoka to start heading in your direction. "*I'm not much of a piano player, but perhaps I can help entertain Nagisa there, at least for a while.*"

"*A-and I'll be here, too!*" Madoka says.

"*Alright. Thanks, everyone,*" you say, stilling your fingers on the piano. "Mm... Nagisa? I need to head off for a bit, but I'll be back later, alright? Stay with Madoka and Hitomi and Homura and Sayaka?"

"Aww," Nagisa says, pouting. "Alright."

"I won't be long, hopefully!" you say, smiling at her. "And besides, it's not like I'm leaving you alone."

"I know!" Nagisa says, bouncing on the chair. "Come back soon, alright?"

"I'll do my best," you say as you stand and collect your bag from Mami. "Madoka! Hitomi?"

"Coming, coming," Madoka says.

"Heading off for a bit, so I'm leaving Nagisa with you, alright?" you say, smiling.

"Mmmh!" Madoka agrees. "See you!"

"Uh... I'm gonna pop off to the washroom while you're at it," Sayaka says. "Be right back, too."

"See ya," you say. Mami adds her goodbyes, and you head off, Sayaka in tow. You catch Homura's eye as you leave, nodding at her.

"OK, you know what?" Sayaka mutters to you. "Washroom's as good a spot as any. Catch up with you in a moment."

"Go, go," you say, waving her off. Mami takes your free hand as you head for the stairs, nanofog flooding out around you in earnest as you dredge the area for possible oddities. Roofwards you head, two sets of footsteps sound in sync with not-quite-human speed, safe in the security that there's no one else in the stairwell. You drop your shopping bags off into thin air, instantly whisked into hammerspace for safety.

"Allow me," Mami says with a faint smile as you approach the top of the stairwell. Two quick steps forward brings her ahead of you, a faint shimmer of magic licking around her fingers for a moment as she presses it to the door - which swings open with nary a fuss nor raised alarm.

"I'll need to learn that trick," you say, squeezing Mami's free hand as the roar of the storm rolls in on you. Lightning crackles overhead, arcs forking across the skies.

"Of course," Mami says.

Grief balloons out overhead as you step out onto the slick concrete of the roof, an invisible fog spreading out in a sphere that nudges away raindrops, and senses for trouble. And even with the fog, even focusing your senses, you don't sense anything amiss. Not from down here, anyway.

"*Miss Sabrina?*" Mika says. "*Aaaaalmost here. Where d'you wanna meet?*"

"*Do you know the DBJ tower?*" you say, giving Mami a questioning look as you include her and Sayaka in the call. Mami nods.

"*Yeah, it's only in every promo pic of Mitakihara,*" Mika says. "*See you there.*"

"Sayaka's almost here, so-" Mami starts.

"I'm here!" Sayaka says, a bright splash of magic in your senses. She bounds up the last few steps, cape fluttering in the wind surging through the open door. "Loaded and ready to go! Got two kinds of lightning, sight, healing, and invisibility. Didn't think I should go for more, feels like I'm pushing it a bit as it is."

"You know yourself best," you say. Grief flows around you as you step forward, spreading into the flat disc of your flight platform. Mami's right at your side, striding forward with confidence that your support will be there as her foot stands - as it indeed is, with you trading Mami a smile.

"I know *myself* best," Sayaka -or rather, Sayaka's clone- says with a snicker as she hurries up the platform to join you.

"How'd you even get here without being spotted?" you ask, already lifting into the air. Another thought forms a roof, just in case.

"With great derring-do," Sayaka proclaims. "OK, but seriously - stairwell ran right beside the washroom. Made me through the wall."

"Hah, good call," you say. "Alright. Everyone brace."

You give Mami and Sayaka a moment, and then *accelerate*. The shining spire of the DBJ tower, brilliantly lit in defiance of the floom, closes on you in an instant. Mami blinks, attention dragged upwards for a second.

"Hallloooo!" Mika's voice comes a moment before the girl herself, somehow carried clearly through the driving rain and wind well ahead of her actual body. You sense her passage in ripples through your nanofog, *impressive* speed tapering off into a dainty landing on your platform as you drift into the lee of the DBJ building.

Mika grins, resplendent in perfectly dry robes the same pale green as her eyes. "Good to see you girls again."

"It's lovely to meet you, too," Mami says with a smile. "I wish it could have been under better circumstances."

"Ahh, this isn't too bad," Mika says. "So, I'm here. Took a look on my way in - there's definitely some kind of magic driving the storm."

"Can you tell us anything more?" you ask, intent. "Is whoever's doing it *here*?"

"Dunno yet," Mika says. "We've got someone watching us, though."

*Watching?*

Adrenaline thunders through your body as your gaze snaps up, following Mika's pointing finge-

"*Calm your tits,*" Kyouko growls into your mind. You spot her belatedly, a barely-visible silhouette crouching atop the DBJ spire, with an even smaller form beside her.

"... huh," Sayaka says. She looks as startled as you feel, stuck halfway between battle mode and simple surprise.

"They're friends," Mami says, voice steady. She lays her hand against your shoulder, and you give her a sheepish look. "They're not behind the storm."

"Ah," Mika says. She looks pensive for a second, then shrugs, and smirks. "Well. With your permission, I'll head up and take a look?"

"We'll all head up together," you say. "I want to take a look, too."

"Sure, always nice to have company," Mika says with a smirk. She takes a long step backwards off the platform, suddenly supported by a roaring gale that sets her robes whipping around her. "Mind the turbulence!"

"Alright!" you call back as she jets off, straight up. You glance back at Mami and Sayaka. "Gonna take us straight up, alright? Call out if you spot anything, or wanna take a closer look or anything."

"Yeah," Sayaka says, squinting faintly. "Now, let's figure out that one vision powe-"

"*Slow down for a sec,*" Kyouko grumbles at you. And right as you pass the spire of the tower, Kyouko's spear lashes out, chains exploding across the distance to hook onto your platform and swing both her and Yuma right up to you. "You'd probably screw this up without me."

"Hi!" Yuma waves cheerfully.

Mami smiles at her, and offers the same smile a little more tentatively to Kyouko, who just snorts, banishing her spear.

"Glad to have you on board," Sayaka says with a grin.

Kyouko squints at Sayaka, jabbing her in the shoulder. "You're not real."

"Real me's protecting our friends," Sayaka says.

"Hrng." Kyouko doesn't have much to say to that, instead scowling at you. "Well? Weren't we moving?"

"Yep. Brace yourselves," you say.

A thought pops you straight up into the sky, acceleration pressing down on you as you chase Mika into the teeth of the storm. The wind picks up around you, driving rain and what might be hail slashing at you, only to be diverted with Grief. Up and up and up, Mitakihara vanishing beneath you as you rise.

"There *is* magic in the storm," Mami murmurs. She has her eyes closed, head scanning slowly from side to side.

"Yeah," you say.

"If you're done statin' the bleeding *obvious*..." Kyouko grumbles.

"Not like *you're* saying anything useful," Sayaka grumbles, her brow furrowed as she stares into the storm. She doesn't even blink when lightning sears across the skies, right in front of you. "I'm seeing... patterns, but *this* power's weird. Dammit, why'd I never try this one out properly before?"

"Can you see where they lead?" you ask. "Or anything like that? Maybe we'll find the user at the center?"

"I'll let you know," Sayaka says. "Get us higher?"

"Sure," you say. Mika's still somewhere above you, anyway - she's already out of your sensing distance, Grief *and* magic.

"*Sabrina,*" Oriko murmurs into your mind. "*It's a scrying technique of some kind. The falling rain provides information, I think, but the storm itself is the nexus of it... there's a link to somewhere in South East Asia. I'm having difficulty tracing it across the distance - and whoever's using this is in turn under cover of some kind.*"

**\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Apologies for the late update. Had difficulty focusing this entire weekend.
