# Lowlife pt. 10

You still for a moment. A scrying technique. Of *course* it is. It makes a certain amount of sense, even with the magic concentrated so high above even *Mami* hadn't noticed. It would take a dedicated weather mage like Mika to find it, and it would fit in *perfectly* with Iowa's tactics.

Your mind races, lining the facts up. You'd last heard they were in India, a month ago. If they're moving against you, then this is *their* first move, to find details. Leverage. They know\... they know about your friends. Nagisa. Nagisa's the weakest link, you'll have to watch out for that.

... Don't panic.

No, really. Whoever this is -you're pretty sure it's Iowa, at this point- made their first move. And that's *fine*. You and Mami and Homura and Sayaka represent one of the biggest concentrations of force across the entire magical world. There's no reason to be complacent, but there's no reason to be *scared*. Plus, you know where your towels are. At home, right where they should be. *And* you'd left your friends at a shopping centre, where they can buy you some more towels if need be.

Calmly, then.

They know, too, about Mika - they know that she came here once the storm turned unnatural. They know you have allies, which is good and bad. They must know they've been *noticed*. You could make a statement - you're tempted, for a demented moment, to write your email address in giant letters for them.

Mami squeezes your arm, grounding you. You trade her a look, finding worried golden eyes gazing back at you, and you cover her hand with yours.

"*New intel,*" you announce over telepathy. Mami and Homura and Sayaka and Kyouko and Yuma and Oriko and Kirika and lastly, Mika. "*Before I begin: Oriko, thank you for letting me know, and Mika, thank you for having come over - if this bit of news changes your mind, you can head back if you want. I'm *not* going to pressure you into anything you don't want to be a part of.*"

Kyouko looks over at you, and very deliberately rolls her eyes.

"*Oh? Now you've got me curious,*" Mika says. There's danger lurking in her tone now, deeper undercurrents surging beneath the light, airy words. Which isn't a surprise, given that she *is* as much a veteran as Mami or Homura or Kyouko. "*Do tell.*"

"*The storm itself is a clairvoyant technique of some kind with a connection leading to South-East Asia, but according to Oriko, the specific location seems to be warded against other clairvoyance,*" you say. "*I strongly suspect that it's the Iowa group, given that they're almost certainly after me, and that they were last sighted in India a month ago. Kyouko, Mika - do you know who they are?*"

"*Do I care?*" Kyouko drawls. "*I mean, I get the gist. Nasty people comin' to steal your shit.*"

"*They're rather worse than that, Miss Sakura,*" Mika says. "*They're a gang of thugs and raiders who make a living out of it.*"

"*So, nasty people coming to steal Sabrina's shit,*" Kyouko repeats, cracking her neck. "*And they're good at it. Fine. So it might be a big, ugly fight. Simple. Nasty, but simple. We hit them first, we hit them hard enough to scare them off.*"

"*They start by making *examples*, from what I've been told,*" you say, bracing your hands against the side of your flight platform and staring out into the storm with a frown. You're still rising, soaring into the driving rain and spitting lightning. "*Gunboat diplomacy. They come in hard, destroy something big, or take hostages, or *hurt* someone.*"

They'd seen your spar this morning, too. A corner of your mind wonders if they'd noticed Homura's timestop... but no, they can't have. The rain is just *rain* by the time it gets to the ground, no magic, no life. They'd seen Homura *teleport*, but little more than that - but Kyuubey was happy to spill info about Homura to Kyouko. Why not the Iowa gang?

"*Mm,*" Mika says. "*Fits with what I've heard too, which isn't much. I'm still in, Miss Sabrina, at least as far as checking this storm out. Anything more... we'll see.*"

"*That's fine,*" you say in response to the unspoken regret and apology in her words. "*That's more than I could ask, anyway, and we're glad to have you.*"

You exhale hard, still thinking furiously.

"*If they're observing us remotely, then they're observing us *now*, presumably?*" Mami says.

"*Almost certainly,*" you say.

"*But Miss Mikuni wasn't able to trace them any further than somewhere in South-East Asia?*" Mami asks.

"*Correct,*" Oriko says, speaking for the first time. "*They're hiding behind some kind of anti-clairvoyant technique - I suspect they have their own anti-magic mage.*"

"*I see,*" Mami says, turning her face to the storm.

"*Do you think you could track them back by the connections?*" you ask. "*I was kind of thinking about raising it. Maybe by working on conjunction with Oriko?*"

"*Maybe,*" Mami murmurs. "*I could try. Anything we do, they'd notice, presumably, and any technique that I attempt is something they could actively counter in turn. I'm guessing... Miss Kure, are you two under cover?*"

"*We are!*" Kirika chirps.

"*I thought as much,*" Mami says. "*Mm. I think it's best you stay there for now. Either way, they know we're here, and they know we've noticed their storm.*"

"*Agreed,*" you say, giving Sayaka a worried glance. She's glaring out into the storm, as if trying to intimidate the driving rain and wind by the ferocity of her glare alone. "*Sayaka? You alright?*"

"*Yeah, just... we've got bad guys coming *us*. To *our* city,*" Sayaka says, grimacing and turning away from the storm. "*And we're just... stuck. Waiting.*"

"*Not true,*" you say. "*We know where, sort of, and it looks like we know *who*. Once we find more information... I'm not going to sit here and wait for them to come to us, either. But that's our first move. We *need* to know where and who for certain before we can do anything.*"

"*... ugh, I just...*" Sayaka waves a gloved hand, agitated and nervous. "*It'll have to do, but I can't stand the *waiting* and doing *nothing*. Can we just... I dunno, blow their storm away? They're watching, right? If we just blow their storm away, unravel *their* magic somehow, can we scare 'em off or make them think twice?*"

"*Don't tempt me,*" you mutter. "*I bet we could do it.*"

"*I can do it,*" Mika says. "*I think. I've unravelled storms before, dunno 'bout this one, and I'd be happy to try.*"

"*It's not a bad option,*" Mami offers. "*Intimidating *them* via our own show of force could work.*"

"*We would lose our only lead to track and counter them,*" Homura says, voice clipped.

"*Not necessarily a good option, either,*" Mami says. "*But it's on the table.*" She grimaces, and nods. "*I think I need to be in the storm layer, Sabrina.*"

"*We'll be there in another minute or so,*" you say. "*I don't want to reveal how fast we can move, since they're watching.*"

"*South East Asia,*" Homura mutters quietly. "*How fast can *they* move?*"

"*I don't know,*" you say unhappily. "*Which means, yes, they might be planning on dropping in on us immediately after this.*"

"*... I'll be on watch,*" Homura says. She pauses for a long moment before adding, "*They're very confident in themselves.*"

"*How so?*" Sayaka asks.

"*If they're observing us *now*, then they know we're coming to investigate,*" Mami says. The fingers on her free hand flex slowly, the brilliance of her magic ebbing and surging with the motion. "*And yet the technique remains - either they're confident that we have no way we can get useful information in return, or...*"

"*Or they're confident that it doesn't matter,*" Kyouko drawls.

"*... ah,*" Sayaka says, and falls silent.

You're already two kilometers in the air, perhaps a bit more, and rising fast - the *bottom* of the storm cloud looms large above you, a brooding, dark presence that stretches from horizon to horizon. About a kilometer above you, and the *top* of the cloud is perhaps ten kilometers or so above *that*. The wind is a constant roar now, temperature plummeting as you drive into the teeth of the storm, raindrops falling nearly sideways now.

Alright. You have things to do.

First things first: you pull a generous amount of Grief from your hammerspace, moulding it between your fingers as you start the familiar process of infusing magic into it. You don't know what you'll use it for, but you'll find a use for it eventually, you're sure. It gives you something to do with your hands, anyway, something to fret with as you watch, and wait.

And second, you hadn't called in your allies yet because you weren't certain it was enemy action. Now, you're all but certain it is.

You reach out for familiar, mental connections once more as you plunge into the cloud layer. Akemi and Noriko, Hiroko and Masami. Tsuruya Yuki. Kazumi. Friends and allies all, even if less close than the friends around you now. You hesitate for a moment before including Homura, just in case, but *not* Mami. You're... you're not going to drop Masami and Mami into the same conversation without warning.

"*Hello, everyone.*" You announce yourself in a crisp, hard tone as the connection snaps together. "*Mitakihara is currently being scried upon by parties unknown, from a location indeterminately located within South East Asia - unknown because they appear to be working from behind some kind of counter-clairvoyant technique. We suspect that the Iowa Group may be behind this.*"

"*Oh *shit*,*" Kazumi breathes. In English, no less. "*Wait, who's the Iowa group?*"

"*Shit,*" Masami mutters, an echo of Kazumi. "*When are they coming?*"

"*Raiders who managed to gain infamy and *continue* to raid with devastating effect,*" Yuki says, clinical. "*Unfortunate that they made the first move, and earlier than I'd expected. What leads you to believe that they are behind the scrying?*"

"*Masami: we don't know that. We're not sure how fast they can move. Miss Tsuruya: location and motive,*" you say. "*They're scrying from behind specific defenses, which sort of precludes any innocent interpretation of the technique, and location - last any of us had heard, they were in India a month or so ago, correct?*"

"*Correct, insofar as that was what I mentioned the last time,*" Yuki says crisply. "*I've since heard from my sources -and I hadn't informed you yet because I had decided that I would try and find something more concrete- that they had left India in an north-easterly direction as of a week ago.*"

"*Which would line up unfortunately well,*" you say, frowning.

"*Do your sources know how fast they can move?*" Homura asks. "*Or can they corroborate storms with their arrival?*"

"*No, and no,*" Yuki says. "*Unfortunately, my sources are mostly within the borders of Japan, with a very few in Singapore and China. While the Iowa Group is notorious, they are, in the grand scheme of things, something nobody really worries about until they are known to be in the area. However, if they have a teleporter, they're relatively short-ranged, and if they're somewhere in South-east Asia, I doubt they'll be making it to Japan for a day or two.*"

"*So everybody keeps an eye on their *current* location, but no one bothers to *trace* them,*" you conclude. "*Speaking of - just to make sure, Kazumi, Miss Tsuruya, you're *not* under storms right now, are you?*"

"*Fukushima is clear,*" Yuki says.

"*Asunaro's clear!*" Kazumi adds.

"*Alright, that's good,*" you say, crushing the Grief moulded between your hands for a moment and squeezing it out between your fingers, just so you can vent the tiniest bit of tension. "*Alright, before we continue, I'm just going to say that this is opt-*in*. Miss Tsuruya, I'm not going to insult you by asking if *you* are, but everyone else, you only have to help as much as you want to.*"

Mami touches your elbow gently. You smile at her, and she nods a little, returning the smile with gentle reassurance and warmth. You're fine, and you'll *all* be fine. Maybe not in this moment, but you *will* be, in the end.

Her smile softens, and she turns back to the storm, now shaping magic between her hands in twists of golden ribbon and woven magic, glittering in the darkness of the storm.

"*If they're coming to Mitakihara, then it's our fight too,*" Akemi says quietly. "*Call us when the time comes.*"

Sayaka's sitting down now, cross-legged and staring unblinkingly into the storm. You can feel the surge of magic through her, the magic that sustains her clone a blaze of fire bright to your *senses*. Deep furrows crease her brow as she focuses.

"*Yeah. If they come to Mitakihara, then we're fighting,*" Masami says. "*But I dunno how much help we can be other than that.*"

Kyouko, by contrast, is a brooding presence, leaning against her newly-reformed spear. She has one hand on Yuma's head, gently reassuring the younger girl, both of them chewing their way through a packet of gummy worms.

"*'course we're in,*" Kazumi says. "*Though... we're gonna have a little bit of trouble getting to you. Saki can port us, but her jumps aren't that long.*"

"*If need be, we can include you in our transport arrangements, Miss Kazumi,*" Yuki says. There's a hint of approval in her tone. "*Since I suspect that Miss Vee will be disinclined to leave Mitakihara to collect you.*"

"*... I, well, thank you, everyone,*" you say gratefully. "*And for my part, um... I'll definitely cover all Grief and healing costs that we might pick up.*"

"*Of course,*" Yuki says. "*Now, to business, then. I take it you're investigating the storm? Weather reports indicate that it's ongoing.*"

"*We are, and we'll update if there's anything more,*" you say. "*Does anyone have any ideas that might help?*"

"*None that will be useful for the investigation,*" Yuki says firmly. "*I do not know your teams' powers or interactions. That said: have you considered that anything you do now will be revealed to them?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*I'm hoping we'll get more intel out of this than they get from us. Ideally, a location.*"

"*Understandable,*" Yuki says. "*Given the Iowa group's tactics, are you keeping part of your team in reserve, or on guard?*"

"*We are, yeah,*" you say.

"*Then I'm afraid I have little else to offer until you can acquire more concrete details,*" Yuki says. "*Save that if they're working from beneath cover against clairvoyance, they're presumably working on somewhat prepared ground.*"

"*That's fine,*" you say. "*I'll keep you updated.*"

"*Heeeey,*" Kazumi says. "*Miss Sayaka has a copy of my power, right?*"

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*Why?*"

"*Well... my power's the power to copy *techniques*, which is not the same as her power to copy powers,*" Kazumi says. "*Why not see if she can copy the scrying technique, and then dissect it?*"

"*I... would that work?*" you ask.

"*Can't tell you from over here, but it's what I'd try,*" Kazumi says.

"*I'll suggest that to her,*" you say. "*Thanks, Kazumi.*"

"*Anytime!*" Kazumi says.

"*If there's nothing else, I'll start making preparations,*" Yuki says.

"*Uh... actually,*" you say. "*Your sources said they'd left India. Do you know *where* they were, and whether they made the news?*"

"*Ah. I see your intent. A city near the southern tip, to my understanding. Thiruv... vanantha... puram?*" Yuki says, stumbling a little over the unfamiliar syllables. "*I do not know if they made the news.*"

"*We can look into that,*" Noriko says. "*Uh... you mean to check the news, right? Kyuubey can't completely hide it if anything *big* happens, so it'd make *some* kind of news.*"

"*And maybe corroborate with storms, and see if there are any *other* patterns,*" you say. "*It'd be a big job.*"

"*But we know at least *one* data point,*" Noriko says. "*It's something we can contribute.*"

"*Keep in mind that the scrying technique they're using may not be something they always deploy, depending on how much it costs,*" Yuki cautions. "*It could be something that they only use for a hard target, such as Mitakihara.*"

"*Which means commensurately *big* news,*" Noriko concludes. "*We can look into it. Miss Tsuruya, do you mind if we correspond with you directly for any further details?*"

"*Certainly,*" Yuki says.

"*We'll get ready for a fight. And get Ono to hunker down,*" Masami says. "*Let us know.*"

"*Stay safe, Sabrina,*" Kazumi says. "*Better keep Mami safe too, yeah?*"

"*Of course,*" you say. A few more farewells later, that call ends.

The storm is bleakly beautiful, billowing eddies and swirls of mist backlit by the crackle of lightning. This high up, in the middle of vicious winds only partially blunted by your own cloud of nanofog, the cold is an omnipresent, hungry thing that sinks into your bones. Something you can distance yourself from, pushing it into the back of your mind, but something that is nevertheless *there*.

"*Hey. So, now that I've had a good look at this, this storm definitely *started* naturally,*" Mika speaks into your mind. You can feel Mami and Homura and Sayaka and Kyouko too, connected and listening. Oriko and Kirika as well. "*So... I've got a question, or... more of a hypothesis. Whoever's doing this saw a natural storm starting, and fed her own juice into it - that's easier than starting up your own thing.*"

"*So what're you saying?*" Sayaka asks. "*I mean... I can see the magic, kind of. It's not *in* the water or the wind or the lightning or anything, it *is* the storm. And...*" You can hear the frustration bleeding into Sayaka's voice, mingling with concern. "*Mikuni's telling the truth. It *is* a remote observation technique of some kind. I can't tell from where.*"

"*You may have more time than you think,*" Mika says. "*I *think* so, anyway. They saw an opportunity and jumped on it to grab some early reconnaissance, and that's why they haven't undone the technique. They're hoping to get more out of it than you are from them.*"

"*It's an opportunity for *us*,*" Homura says quietly. "*They're scrying in advance of their attack, and won't be expecting us to attack in turn - or we can let them think that we failed to get anything useful, and ambush them before they arrive.*"

"If*I'm right,*" Mika cautions.

"*Sabrina?*" Mami murmurs. "*I think I can trace the connection. But they will *definitely* notice it. Shall I?*"

---

- [ ] Ask Sayaka to try copying the storm-spell
- [ ] Confirm Mami's counter-scrying attempt
  - [ ] Start arranging an immediate pre-emptive attack (Write-in how!)
- [ ] Hold off on it
  - [ ] Mika's right. You have time to bait them closer so you over-extend less
- [ ] Go for intimidation. Make some big display of power and blow away the storm
- [ ] Write-in

---

To be clear, neither option is fully a "wait for them to come to us" option. It's "wait for them to come *closer*" on a timescale of hours or days versus "attack *now*".
