# Lowlife pt. 11

"*I...*" you hesitate.

Moment of truth. If you do this, you have to *commit*.

You trust Mami.

She knows what she's doing, and if she says that whoever's on the other side of this -you're *sure* it's Iowa, but there's always room for error- will *know*, then you believe her. They'll know. And if they know, that means you have to move *fast* if you're capitalizing on this.

They're raiders. You're *not* letting them come to *your* city, *your* home, and threaten it. You're not going to let them come *close* to the city, to the *people* you love. And worse: anyone else caught in their path to *you* will be laid at your feet. You have no excuse, if you know about them.

You don't have to go in swinging, on the off chance that it's *not* Iowa. But you *are* going in.

A deep breath of the humid, ozone-laden air, a chill that goes deep into your bones.

Alright.

"*Homura,*" you murmur across the distance, as fast as you can form the thoughts. At the same time, you signal for Mami to hold for a moment. "*With your agreement, I want to go for a pre-emptive strike on whoever's doing this by timestop. If this is Iowa, we can't let them *come* to us, and I don't want to leave the city undefended. If you have any objections, now's the time.*"

You pause for a second to let Homura absorb that, and then, softer, "*I'd like you to come with us, Homura. We can have, um. Someone we trust, I'm thinking Kyouko, and a Sayaka clone, maybe but I'm not sure stick with Madoka, but that shouldn't be necessary - we'll stay in timestop as much as possible, and I can fly us there quickly. Mitakihara won't be undefended.*"

Homura's silent for a long moment. Mami glances to you with a warm smile, magic still held ready in her fist. You smile back, shifting your blob of Grief to one hand to free up the other - but only for so long, as Mami takes the implied offer. And your hand. You interlace your fingers with hers, squeezing gently. You'll sort this out. You'll sort this out *together*, albeit after *you* sort something *else* out first.

"*Sayaka?*" you murmur to your friend on another channel as you wait for Homura to collect her thoughts.

"*Yeah?*" She glances up at you, blue bangs almost black under the dim light of the storm.

"*D'you think you can get another clone with Kazumi's power onto a roof or some other vantage point? Get ready to copy the scrying spell?*" you say.

"*Will that wor... Oooh. *Ooh*, yeah, I see. Can do,*" Sayaka says. "*Can't believe I didn't think of that.*"

"*Hey, I didn't either,*" you say. "*Well, I sort of did, but Kazumi suggested it to me. And uh... bring antimagic with you? Just in case?*"

"*Yeah, yeah,*" Sayaka says. "*Gimme a minute.*"

Lightning strobes past, a near solid sheet of white blazing through the darkness of the cloud.

"*What do you intend to do when you find them?*" Homura asks quietly.

"*Stop them,*" you say simply. "*I hope it doesn't come to a fight, but I think it will. I'm... prepared for that, and I'll want to end it quickly.*"

"*... alright,*" Homura says. "*I'll come.*"

"*And I'd... the plan is to grab as many allies as we can to smash Iowa. Again *subject to your agreement.* I'd... I'd like to bring Oriko and Kirika along as well?*" you add hesitantly. "*If nothing else, it means that they're *not* up to mischief while we're away.*"

"*You're bringing Mami and Sayaka?*" Homura asks.

"*Yeah,*" you say.

"*... fine,*" Homura says. She doesn't sound *happy* about it.

"*I know it's a lot to ask,*" you say. "*But I *am* asking, Homura. *If* you're willing, I think this is our best shot at handling this before trouble comes to Mitakihara.*"

"*I agree,*" Homura murmurs. "*I don't trust them. I... with this many other magical girls...*"

"*I know. I understand,*" you say. "*I doubt they'd try anything, but... we can keep an eye on them. Sayaka will be there too, and she doesn't trust them, either. Mami, too, and nothing gets past Mami, *and* Kazumi will always side with her, so...*"

"*I agree,*" Homura repeats, her voice strained. "*Your plan makes sense. Taking care of Iowa before they can threaten M- Mitakihara is sound. Bringing allies is good. I...*"

"*Take your time, think about it,*" you murmur gently. "*I... you can even pull me aside later to discuss it first, if you want? None of this happens without your say-so, Homura.*"

"*... I will,*" Homura says. Another pause. "*Tell Mami to start her search.*"

"*Can do,*" you say. "*You're sure, Homura? Again, this is *your* decision. I'll figure out something else if you don't want to.*"

"*I'm sure,*" Homura says.

"*Alright. Let me know, Homura - Mami says about ten minutes? But um... grab me before that ends if you need to, I'll need to make some arrangements,*" you say. "*If not... I'll let you know when Mami's done. Grab Sayaka and link up with us?*"

"*Understood,*" Homura says quietly.

You take a breath and smile at Mami. "Alright. Alright," you say. "*Mami, Sayaka - are you both ready? Sayaka, do you need to go first?*"

"*Got a clone on the mall roof, ready!*" Sayaka says. Her first clone, crouching at the side of your flight platform, grins and flashes you a thumbs-up - the same grin you can hear in her mental voice.

"*I'm ready too, Sabrina,*" Mami says. "*I'll need to focus, and I'll be depending on you to cleanse me while I do this.*"

"*Of course,*" you say. "*I've got you, Mami. When you're both ready, then.*" You expand the call to include Mika, Kyouko, and Yuma. "*Alright. Mami and Sayaka are going to do their thing to trace the storm.*"

"*Got it!*" Mika says, still somewhere far above your heads. You suspect she might actually be *above* the cloud by now. "*Ready when you are\~*"

"*And then what?*" Kyouko asks, scowling at you.

"*When we know where they are, we pay them a visit,*" you say. "*If they're hostile, we smash them.*"

Kyouko snorts, but apparently that meets her standards for approval, because she doesn't say anything further, instead returning to glaring out at the clouds. She produces a pear from somewhere in her costume and bites into that, her other hand soothing Yuma, who's leaning anxiously into her side.

Mami chuckles, and pulls your arm around her shoulders. "I'll get started now," she murmurs into your ear, ducked close enough that her hair brushes against your skin as it drifts in the wind.

"Got it," you say, smiling. "You've got this."

She nods, taking a deep breath, and closes her eyes. She holds her hands out, fingers lightly cupped, and you can feel the warm glow of magic gathering between her palms - just as much as you can feel the Grief gathering within the depths of her Soul Gem. A mere trickle, but a growing one as Mami's magic starts to spiral through the air around her.

But then, that's what you're here for. You begin to draw the Grief from her Gem, draining it as fast as it might generate.

And this is where *you* get to work, too.

A sliver of attention: Your phone, pulled from your pocket. Not with your hands, since one is occupied with enchanting and another with hugging Mami, but with Grief. You never did get that smartphone, so the flip phone is a little hard to see in the murk of the stormcloud. You shield it with Grief, just in case, and start typing: a message to be sent later to Nagisa's uncle.

The saddest part about all this is that you won't be able to spend the rest of the day with her - well, maybe you'll be back in half an hour. You can hope.

> SMS: 317/320 said:
>
> Mr. Momoe, this is Sabrina. I apologise, but a major problem's come up that I need to sort out. I've arranged with Madoka to accompany Nagisa and that she'll get back to you, and if all else fails, Mr. Kaname will pick Nagisa up, along with Madoka. Hitomi and Sayaka will be staying with Nagisa too. I'm deeply sorry.
>
> [Click to expand...]()
>
> [Click to shrink...]()

You schedule that for half an hour, and you'll leave your phone with Madoka or Hitomi, just in case.

Another sliver of attention: A mental call to Oriko and Kirika.

"*Oriko, Kirika?*" you say. "*I'm going to take the fight to them.*"

"*... are you sure?*" Kirika asks.

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*If you're willing, Oriko, Kirika, and if Homura agrees - I'm bringing you along. We'll all be fighting on the same side, and I hope it'll help to heal some rifts. And I... I don't want to leave you two alone, not at this time. I trust you know why?*"

There's a slight pause before Oriko responds.

"*We do,*" she murmurs. "*I... yes. If we're allowed to, we're coming.*"

"*Alright. Then in that case...*" you expand the mental call, reaching out to your allies scattered across Japan. Kazumi, Yuki, the Animators, the Shiogama girls. "*Hey, everyone.*"

"*Sabrina! What's happening?*" Kazumi asks.

"*Change of plans,*" you say. "*Mami thinks she can get a fix on the location of whoever's doing this, so, pending a few more arrangements, we'll be going on the offense.*"

"*A pre-emptive strike, then, as previously discussed,*" Yuki says. "*I approve. I'll lead a team.*"

"*... I hadn't gotten there yet, but yeah,*" you say. "*Whoever's willing, we'd love to have you on board - but this is entirely voluntary.*"

"*We're in,*" Akemi says. "*If they want to attack Mitakihara... then it falls to us to defend it.*"

"*Us too!*" Kazumi chirps. "*I can't bring *everyone*, but we're coming to. Especially if Mami's going!*"

"*Mami's going, huh,*" Masami muses quietly. "*Sorry, but I'm... I'm going to sit this one out. 'sides, you need someone to play home defense, I'm sure.*"

"*I-*" You choke off your instinctive protest. You *did* say it was voluntary, and... it's not like you've gotten Mami and Masami back on talking terms. It'd be nearly as awkward as bringing Kyouko *without* having reconciled them first. "*Of course. I'm not going to force you to do anything you don't want to.*"

"*Good luck on the fight,*" Masami says, quiet regret in her tone. "*We'll hold down the fort at home.*"

"*Sorry, Sabrina,*" Hiroko murmurs to you and you alone as they disconnect. "*I hope you understand.*"

"*Yeah, I do,*" you tell her. And to everyone else, you continue. "*Alright. So - we'll hopefully be leveraging Homura's power, which out of respect to her, I'll be keeping... as obscure as possible. She's managed to keep her power largely a secret, and I intend to honour that.*"

"*What do you need from us?*" Yuki asks.

"*Every group needs to designate a representative,*" you say. "*Ten minutes *sharp*, you need to know where everyone else is, or better yet, be together, preferably somewhere prominent. I'll check in with you, we'll come to you, then grab the rest of whoever's coming.*"

"*Understood,*" Yuki says. "*We'll be ready.*"

"*Us too!*" Kazumi says.

"*As will we,*" Noriko says. "*Good luck to all of us.*"

"*Hopefully, we won't need it... no offense, Noriko,*" you say. "*I mean, turn of phrase and all.*"

Noriko snickers faintly. "*None taken.*"

"*Alright. Talk to you all soon, then,*" you say, and end that call, only to immediately open another, simultaneously checking on Mami. Her brow's furrowed in concentration, sweat beading on her brow - you can *feel* the surge of her magic, twisting and dancing off into the sky around you. The very air around you hazes a faint gold, evidently something that Yuma finds fascinating with the way she stares, eyes huge.

"*Hey, everyone,*" you say to your friends, back in the mall. Homura, Sayaka, Madoka, Hitomi - and *not* Nagisa, of course. "*So... the situation's changing.*"

"*What's happening, Sabrina?*" Madoka asks. "*We're just hanging out at the foodcourt right now, taking a rest.*"

"*Well... the storm's being used to spy on us, and we're going to go after whoever's behind it,*" you say. "*We won't be away for too long, hopefully, but just in case, can you take care of Nagisa for me? And Madoka, if it isn't too much trouble, I know Mr. Momoe knows your mother - so can you help get in touch with her or your father, and guarantee that Nagisa has a place to stay until Mr. Momoe can pick her up?*"

"*Yeah, of course!*" Madoka says. "*I can do that!*"

"*We'll stay with her,*" Hitomi promises.

"*Thank you,*" you say, relieved. "*Thank you both. Just... yeah. I really hate to ditch and run, but, well.*"

"*Keep Mitakihara safe, and we'll call it even,*" Hitomi says. "*Besides, it's hardly a chore to keep an eye on Nagisa.*"

"*Still, thank you,*" you say. "*Um... Madoka, I'll text you Mr. Momoe's number, and you can get in touch with him in half an hour and let him know about the situation, if we're not back yet? Hopefully we are, but again - just in case.*"

"*Oh, yeah! That's a good idea,*" Madoka says. There's an air of determination in her voice, as if she's trying to reassure *you*. "*I can do that.*"

"*Then thank you, both of you,*" you say. "*Hitomi, shut up and accept the thanks.*"

"*Well I *never*,*" Hitomi says, an amused lilt to her mock-outrage. "*Stay safe.*"

"*Are we leaving anyone else behind? Me, I assume?*" Sayaka asks. She stands up from her position, and judging by the way she's rubbing her eyes, giving up on trying to divine the patterns in the magic. The wind plucks at her cape, tugging it out in a rippling banner of purest white, stark against the storm.

"*A clone of you, yeah,*" you say as you start a new text to Madoka with Shin's details. "*And anyone else, uh... we'll sort out the details.*"

"*Right, right,*" Sayaka says. "*Got it. And, uh, got *it* too. The storm scrying thing, I mean.*"

"*Fantastic,*" you say. "*Then we're just waiting on Mami's trace.*"

"*Sabrina,*" Oriko says, directly to you. "*A favour, if I may?*"

"*Yeah?*" you say, absently offering farewells for now to the others.

"*If Akemi Homura agrees, could you pick us up first?*" Oriko asks quietly. "*I would like to speak to her, with... as little audience as possible.*"

"*... I'll ask,*" you say. "*But I can't make promises.*"

You feel Mami's magic surge, just then, and she looks up, eyes glowing.

*Literally* glowing, a soft, golden luminescence.

"Too late," she murmurs, a satisfied smile curling her lips.

"Mami?" you say.

"They tried to kill their technique," Mami says, the glow fading as she blinks. "I don't think they realised I *could* trace it. We've got them, but they know."

---

- [ ] Final team arrangement, pending Homura's confirmation
- [ ] Include Oriko and Kirika
  - [ ] How do you convince Homura?
- [ ] How do you plan to spend the trip there? It will be about an hour not including pickup times if you really push the speed, utilizing the upper atmosphere.
- [ ] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Drop your phone with Hitomi

\=====​

Again, apologies for the late update.
