# Lowlife pt. 12

"Alright," you say, closing your eyes.

Lightning crackles across the sky, the flash bright through your eyelids and the thunder a rumble that shakes you to your bones. You tip your face to the ozone-scented wind that lashes at your coat and steals the heat from your breath as you exhale, slow but resolved.

This is it, then. You're committed to this fight - as if you weren't before.

You open your eyes, and smile at Mami.

"Mami? You're awesome," you say, tightening your arms around her. "I don't even have the slightest inkling of *how* you did that, but... you put it together in a matter of *minutes*."

"I couldn't have done it without your help," she says softly. "But..." She offers a warm smile. "We're racing the clock now."

"We *are* rather liable to fall into praise loops, so... point taken." You chuckle quietly, and press a gentle kiss to her cheek anyway. "You just wanted to get the last word in, didn't you?"

"You'll never be able to prove it," Mami says. "Who's coming?"

"Our friends and allies, all going well," you say. "I've been arranging for that. Which makes this a good segue to..."

"*Alright, everyone,*" you declare telepathically. This time, you include Mami and Sayaka and Homura on top of all your allies - but excluding the Animators. "*We have a location. Again, I... I don't want to force anyone to fight, if you're not willing. But everyone who's willing to help, are you ready?*"

Sayaka looks up at you, arching her brows. The unearthly light of the storm casts her face in sharp relief, shadowing her grin and thumbs-up.

"*We will be shortly,*" Yuki responds first, crisp and sharp. "*We are headed to Mt. Shinobu. Unless you have any objections, I'll be bringing myself, Sasami, and Moe. I believe you know where that is?*"

"*We do, and that's... uh, it's your team, so you'd know best who to bring, but I may have a few last minute adjustments for you, I'll get back to you in a moment?*" you say, eyeing Kyouko discreetly. You sort of want her and Yuma on defense, but you have no idea if *Kyouko* would be willing to take the back line. You doubt it, which means that Yuki's group might work better.

"*Of course,*" Yuki says.

"*Well, we're ready!*" Kazumi says. "*Heading for the museum roof!*"

"*Alright... we'll appreciate however many of you can come along, but it's your choice, Kazumi, so thank you,*" you say. "*Noriko, Akemi?*"

"*We're ready to go whenever you are, though we're still working on tracking down weather patterns and such,*" Akemi says. "*At the apartment.*"

"*Great. We'll be in touch as soon as possible, and everyone? I appreciate this. I really do,*" you say, and switch mental tracks, because there are a dozen things to handle. At the same time, you start descending back towards Mitakihara itself - you've gotten what you came for. "*Miss Mika?*"

"*Yup?*" Mika says. "*Whatever you did seems to have worked, by the way. Want me to finish off the storm?*"

"*Uh... there probably isn't a need,*" you say. "*That said, Miss Mika, we really appreciate you coming here. We'd have had zero idea this was happening if you hadn't brought it up.*"

"*Bah, don't mention it,*" Mika says. "*Heck, I didn't know either, I was just curious about the funky weather pattern you had here. What're your plans now?*"

"*I'm pulling together some friends and allies and going after whoever's behind this,*" you say. "*And I know you said you don't want to risk joining the fight - I understand, so... thank you so much for your help. I'd be happy to reimburse and cleanse you for your help today, and... I think we'd be happy to have you in Mitakihara anytime.*"

"*Now now, not so fast,*" Mika says. "*I didn't say I wasn't gonna help. I said I'd see.*"

"*Um?*" you say blankly, exchanging a look with Mami. She smiles a little, nestling under your arm.

You sense a presence approaching *fast*, plunging through the layers of the stormcloud. Mika drops to a smooth landing on the platform amidst a howl of wind, grin in place and somehow leaving everyone else untouched by the gale. She glances curiously at the Grief you're enchanting, but doesn't comment on it.

Kyouko gives her an annoyed look, regardless, pulling Yuma against her side and tossing the pear core over her shoulder.

"*Like I said. I'd see,*" Mika says, propping the tip of one of her tonfas against her hip. "*I can't commit to leaving myself at risk of potential retaliation. But if you're gonna close that off... *that* sounds like a great use of my time. So count me in.*"

"*We'd be glad for your help,*" you say, smiling. "*And I'd be happy to cleanse your Soul Gem, plus any healing that might be necessary?*"

"*Eh, don't need it just yet,*" Mika says. "*But yeah, that'd be nice later.*"

"*We're glad to have you on board, Miss Nakano,*" Mami says with a smile.

"*Don't worry 'bout it,*" Mika says, waving a dismissive hand.

"*Alright. Then... the last bit of arrangments to make,*" you say, turning to face Kyouko and Yuma.

Kyouko arches an eyebrow at you. The smile Yuma offers you is fretful, worried, her hair ruffled by the wind and fringe falling over her eyes.

"*What?*" Kyouko asks. "*We goin', or are we going? You got what you came for.*"

"*We are but I wanted to ask -*ask*- about that,*" you say. "*We need someone to play home defense, and-*"

"*No, and again, hell no,*" Kyouko says.

"*It's your call,*" you riposte calmly. You'd expected this, really, but it's worth a try. "*And if you want to go? We're more than glad to have you. But we *are* going to need someone on defense - if Iowa can teleport, I wouldn't put it past them to take hostages. The two of you would... there's few people I'd trust more to play rearguard.*"

Kyouko rolls her eyes.

"*No,*" she grunts.

"*Fair enough,*" you say. "*I'll make other arrangements, then.*"

Kyouko snorts, and turns away, dropping to a seated position, arm propped on her knee as she glares out at the storm. Yuma hovers anxiously beside her, fidgeting, and Sayaka scowls at the redhead, tugging in annoyance at her bangs.

"*She's anxious and out of sorts,*" Mami notes. "*And honestly... she just wants to hit something to vent her frustration.*"

"*Yeah, I gotcha,*" Sayaka says. "*I'll talk to her.*"

The bigger problem, it occurs to you, is the lichbomb. While historically, or perhaps *a*historically, Kyouko handles it better than most... well, your preferred form of non-lethal combat is snatching away Soul Gems. *That's* closed off, unless you... well, there *are* enough magical girls that you might split up into teams.

"Right," you mutter to yourself, watching as Sayaka strides over to Kyouko. They don't say anything - not out loud, anyway, opting to use telepathy as you have, to avoid shouting over the wind and the rain. Which is a bit of a shame, because some part of you *does* want to know what they're talking about, but you have other things to worry about. "Right. Home defense."

You exhale hard, staring out at the storm. You're dropping out of the cloud layer now, the mist billowing past you as you punch through the bottom of the cloud. The lights of the city blaze through the relentless downpour, a bright welcome for you.

"*Miss Tsuruya?*" you say, once more including Mami, Sayaka, and Homura. *Especially* Homura.

"*Yes?*" Yuki asks.

"*If it isn't too much trouble, do you think you could spare a member or two to play home guard for Mitakihara?*" you say. "*In event of an unexpected teleporter and such? I wouldn't expect them to fight off, but to give advance warning, and we'd feel much better with someone watching our friends.*"

"*Certainly,*" Yuki says. "*Atsuko would welcome the role, I feel. I'll have her join us at the pickup point.*"

"*Perfect, thank you,*" you say. "*And Sayaka-*"

"*Yeah, I'm leaving a clone behind,*" Sayaka says. "*'course I am.*"

"*Then I'll have Atsuko correspond with you,*" Yuki says evenly.

It only takes you a minute more to reach the rooftop - Kazumi and the Shiogama girls both indicated that they were ready, but you *are* waiting on Yuki's group to adjust for the last minute arrangement. Seconds stretch on interminably, the patter of rain off the concrete roof of the shopping centre an ever-present background to your circling thoughts. You take the moment to finish up the enchanted Grief too, tucking it aside for the moment. It'll last.

Kyouko has her arms folded, a tightly knotted mass of tension facing down Sayaka, who returns the glare with an easy grin.

You squeeze Mami's shoulders gently. She glances up at you, seeming almost *relaxed* in the face of the tension, but you know better. You know *her*, you know that little quirk of her lips that says she's worried, and the way that she burrows under your arm that says she's concerned for *you*.

"I'm alright," you murmur to her as Yuki checks in. "Are you ready?"

"I am," Mami says firmly.

You nod, smiling at her and gently easing your arm from around her. You flash her an apologetic look, to which she just nods, expression resolute.

"*Homura? I'm ready,*" you say. A moment, and the world-

-*shudders* to a halt. Homura's hand is cold on your shoulder, but her grip is steady and firm, hard amethyst eyes meeting yours.

"Hey, Homura," you say, taking a deep breath and offering her a smile. "Thanks for all this."

"We're defending the city," Homura says, jaw tense as she pulls some string from her shield. "Defending Madoka."

"Yeah," you say with a sigh. You accept the string, tying it around your wrist with easy familiarity. "So... we have things to go over, first, before we get started."

"*Oriko*," Homura says tightly.

"Yeah," you say again. You exhale slowly, forming chairs for the both of you out of Grief. Homura practically collapses into her seat, her gaze not leaving yours. "So... I'm not going to assume. I know-" You tap your forehead, then your chest. "-but I don't *know*. So. Talk to me, Homura?"

"How can you trust *her*?" Homura whispers. "She- you *know* what she did."

You exhale slowly, looking to Mami's frozen form, then up at the surreal sight of raindrops, frozen mid-air in a dome above the roof.

"I believe things are different," you say. "Sure, she's still Oriko, and... you're not wrong to be paranoid, or wary about her and her motivations. I have reasons I think are good, and I'm willing to lay them out, if you want to listen to them?"

Homura nods sharply.

"The first, and maybe the biggest reason, is because I trust *you*," you say. "If Oriko tries something, I don't believe she'll get far, because *you're* here to catch me if I fall. Mami and Sayaka, too. And *having* that safety net means I've been trying to, to get some *real* change in. But..."

"I suppose that's kind of nebulous, and it's more of an... overall thing than a specific one. I... mm." You wave your hands vaguely in the air, thoughtful. "Alright. The biggest piece of proof I can arrange is this: if we grab Oriko, we can have Sayaka copy her power, and we'd be able to know for sure that her magic has changed. Does that make sense?"

"Even if her magic changed..." Homura trails off mid-sentence, hunching her shoulders as she realises.

"Magic follows intent," you murmur. "And... again, Homura, I'm *not* asking you to trust her fully. But if nothing else, Sayaka copying Oriko's power -which I can't believe I haven't thought of before, by the way- means that we'd have another way of tracking them, whether it be precognizance or clairvoyance, you know?"

"It makes sense," Homura says tonelessly. "I..." She trails off again, shaking her head wordlessly.

"What is it, Homura?" you ask, reaching out to gently take her hand in both of yours. She doesn't resist, hand limp and cold. "Take your time."

Homura looks down at her lap for a long, long moment before speaking again.

"Your reasoning is sound," she says. "It makes sense. Bringing Mikuni with us limits the harm she can do. If... if she has something pre-arranged, Miki Sayaka will be on guard, and Akiyama. I..."

"Fear isn't rational," you say softly, when it becomes clear that Homura isn't going to continue. "I understand that. I can offer you more logic, but it's only that. *Logic*. You're not wrong to be paranoid or afraid, Homura."

"It makes sense to bring them along," Homura says. "It would be better if I weren't."

Your mouth falls open for a second, but only a second as anger surges in turn.

"*Fuck* that," you say, tightening your hands on hers. "Homura, don't ever- don't even- that's just being *human*, Homura. Don't you *dare* talk about yourself that way. I- Homura, look at me."

Tired eyes flick up to meet yours.

"You are *human*," you say fiercely. "And it's *because* you are that we're all here today. If you weren't, if you didn't feel anything, you wouldn't be striving to protect Madoka. It's *because* you care that you're afraid, and it's because of that fear, *because* you care, that you want to fight for her. That's why I'm *not* forcing any of this on you. If you're not comfortable with it, *it doesn't happen*."

"It *should* happen," Homura says. "It helps keep Madoka safer."

"It hurts you. Madoka wouldn't want that, and I don't want that, either," you say firmly. "If, at the end of this, you don't want to do this, then we won't - we can just leave them here in Mitakihara, and have someone guard them, or maybe something else. So... talk to me, Homura."

Homura squeezes her eyes shut. "I *am* afraid," she whispers, as if it's a terrible admission. "But it... it makes *sense*. What... what other reasons do you have?"

"Well..." you consider Homura for a long, long moment. You can see what she's trying to do - get her heart to line up with her emotions. No easy task at the best of times, and this is far from it.

"Help me," Homura whispers.

... and what can you say to that?

"I don't need to tell you the pragmatics," you say quietly. "That they could be useful. So I'll talk about *them*." You squeeze her hand again, trying to rub some warmth into her fingers. "The big thing is that Oriko wants to save the world. The... first time round, her vision was of what could happen if Madoka became a magical girl."

You skirt around the topic as delicately as you can, but you can still feel the tension in her hand, the way the tendons in her wrist suddenly pull taut.

"Yeah," you say. "Things are different this time, of course. We've already talked about Kirika, their Wishes, their magic, but *this* incident... Oriko wants to, *needs* to prevent Madoka from becoming a magical girl. And Iowa is big and loud and *obvious*, and if they come to Mitakihara, *we* will be fighting them *here*. Madoka would be *more* likely to want to become a magical girl to help us, if that happened."

"She could *use* the chaos," Homura whispers. "That's what she did before."

"Then she wouldn't have warned us," you say. "If she wanted Iowa *here*... we might not have even have known where to *start* without her tip." You huff slightly. "And... you know, she said she didn't *see* Iowa in her precog. She never mentioned them before, either. It's consistent, if they happen to have some kind of anti-clairvoyant protection."

You huff another sigh out, looking across the rooftops of Mitakihara.

"I understand why you can't really trust them, Homura," you say. "And that's completely valid. They've done terrible things before. But... I suppose what I can offer is us making *sure* that they won't be a threat. We'd be watching them, and..."

You hum thoughtfully.

"I... I brought it up earlier, Homura, but... what do you think of having Sayaka copy Oriko's powers?" You smile at Homura, trying to reassure her. "I think it might be the best proof we can *get* right now, but I'm not you, so... I'm *asking*."

"It would help," Homura says, but there's uncertainty in her voice, even now. "To know that she's... different."

"Then that's a start," you say. "And well... we'd have more than a few allies we can trust. Mami, Sayaka, Kyouko, Yuma, Akemi, Noriko and everyone else. Kyouko and Noriko especially - they're both melee specialists, and not as strongly affected by antimagic. They'd be away from Mitakihara, and they'd be hard pressed to try anything."

Homura nods silently, swallowing, and stands jerkily, dragging her hand from your grasp.

"That's enough," she says. "That's... let's go."

"Homura, no," you say gently. "I don't want you to do it if *you* aren't comfortable with it."

"The reasons make sense," she says tightly. "And we are taking precautions. That's enough."

"I-"

Homura cuts you off with a sharp shake of her head.

"If... if someone dislikes needles, but needs an injection, she'd still need the injection," she says. She sounds like she's trying to convince herself, as much as anything else. "I don't... I don't like this. But I..."

She swallows.

"Your precautions are good," she says. "I... they're *enough*."

"I..." you sigh, remaining seated. "Well. I hope you don't mind if I bring up two more things first?"

Homura nods.

"The first idea is a precaution - rather than having Mami tie everyone into the timestop, we could... maybe tie some regular string to the ribbon, and then you hold on to that?" you say. "That way, if things don't look good, you can just snap the string, and have things under *your* control. Would that help?"

"It would," Homura says, nodding again. Her voice is a little unsteady, a thread of uncertainty still winding through her tone. "Having that surety would help, if Kure doesn't use her antimagic."

"Then I'll make it happen - Mami won't object, I'm sure," you say, and finally stand, matching Homura. "And... the second thing. I think... well, it's no secret that you dislike Oriko, and she knows it, too. She asked me to ask you if you could pick her up first."

Homura's head snaps up. "Why?"

"I don't know for sure," you admit. "She said she wanted to speak to you with as little audience, so I imagine she wants to say something private... But she asked it as a favour. So this, more than anything, is optional. It's *extra* optional, even. We won't be alone, even in that."

"I..." Homura hesitates. "Do you think I should?"

"I think so," you say quietly. "It's like the time we confronted her the first time, after hunting her down."

Homura's jaw tightens a little, but she nods. "Then... we'll take Mami and Miki Sayaka."

"Sounds good," you say, smiling and clasping her shoulder gently, holding her gaze. "Are you really alright with this, Homura? I want to emphasize - if you're *not* comfortable with allowing this, then we can just... leave them behind."

"I..." Homura hesitates looking torn, before forcing herself to nod, and this time, you can read resolve in her gaze. "I don't trust them. But I... you've been right, so far."

---

- [ ] Any last bits of conversation before starting to pick up your crew?
- [ ] Work on something during the flight over
  - [x] Figure out a name for your coalition
  - [ ] Group tactics
  - [ ] Split up into squads?
  - [ ] Write-in...

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Go over Akemi and Noriko's findings during the flight
- [x] Final prep
- [x] Drop your phone off with Madoka and Hitomi and fill them in on what's happening before you go.
- [x] Put on some music or other white noise in the background. (Take requests.) Start moving.

---​

Apologies for the *long* delay between updates here. It's been a week (not just me slacking off), and frankly this update saw a fair bit of rewriting.
