# Lowlife pt. 13

"... Hey, Homura?" you say. "Thank you for trusting me. And for what it's worth, I know facing your fears isn't easy. You're probably the bravest person I know."

Well, a tie between Homura and Madoka, if someone pressed - but here and now? Homura's facing her fears, and you are *proud* of her for it. She deserves to know that much, and you'd give her a hug right now, but you doubt she'd want one at this moment.

Homura shakes her head.

"Let's go," she says quietly, already reaching out to grab Mami by the shoulder.

"Ah- hang on a sec!" you say, and she halts, hand outstretched and quizzical expression turned your way.

"Nah, just - I wanted to raise the notion that Oriko might want to talk about, uh... Feathers," you say. Homura grimaces, a faint curl to her lips, but doesn't comment. You can't blame her for that, either, considering how much you *despise* the notion of an enemy you can barely even *speculate* about at this point. "Or about Witches, so... it might affect who you want to bring along?"

"Doesn't matter," Homura says with a sharp shake of her head. "If it's... dangerous information, *then* Mami and Sayaka can step aside."

"Alright, as long as you're sure," you say with a smile. "It's your call - I just wanted you to be informed."

Homura nods, and places her hand on Mami's shoulder.

Mami takes a shuddering gasp as colour bleeds into her, dull grey replaced with rich cream and yellows and the warmth of *life*. Golden eyes focus on Homura, then you, and she relaxes, smiling.

"Hello, Homura," she says, already spooling ribbon between her hands to link you all together. "Are we ready to go?"

"Yes," Homura says, nodding. "We will... we'll take Sayaka, and then collect Mikuni Oriko. She... she wanted to speak?" She eyes you.

Mami considers this for a moment before smiling and linking her arm with yours.

"You've been busy, Sabrina," she says, smiling warmly at you.

"Always," you admit, and then you grin at her. "For you are my one reprieve from the dark, the light that warms my heart when I return from the cold, dark mines of, um, social work."

Mami's blush blooms luminescent, a welcome sight against the monochrome world of Homura's timestop.

"You used 'dark' twice," Homura mutters, and you can *tell* she's resisting the urge to roll her eyes.

You chuckle, and sober. "Alright... Being serious, then. Let's grab Sayaka and head over?"

"Yes," Homura says.

"Do you think we should bring Kyouko, too?" Mami asks with a hesitant look at Kyouko's grey-hued form, frozen mid-bite into a chocolate bar.

"She doesn't know the situation," Homura says. "Come."

Homura pivots and heads for the stairway, pushing through the frozen drops of rain with heels clicking on slick concrete of the roof. You smile, and follow, Mami humming quietly, arm still linked with yours.

"Do you want some music, Mami?" you ask.

"Perhaps later," Mami says. "I... I think I'm alright for now. That said, ah... Homura? Can't we just grab Sayaka's clone back there on the roof?"

"We'd need the real Sayaka, anyway," Homura responds.

"Ah, that's true," Mami says, and falls silent, smiling up at you.

You're probably more resistant to the surreality of Homura's timestop than most, but you're not sure you'll *quite* ever get used to the eerie experience of threading your way through a frozen crowd of people. The three of you move single-file, careful not to bump into anyone, and eventually find your way to the rest of your friends.

At the corner of the foodcourt, as promised, Nagisa apparently having been bribed with a shared basket of fries and the inevitable cheese dip. Sayaka's sitting straight-backed and alert in contrast to her usual slouch, a touch of wariness in her form, and there's a spot beside Madoka where Homura had clearly been sitting.

Madoka also has a distinctive white paper bag beside her, with an equally distinct logo on it. You grin, nudging Homura in the side - you didn't even have to prompt her much for it! Heck, *you*'d known that Madoka wanted an iPod, but you're not sure if Homura ever knew. And even if she did, well...

Homura shrugs, and reaches out to grab Sayaka by the arm.

The bleunette flinches, eyes widening for a second, and then relaxes as comprehension dawns upon her.

"Hey," she says, already worming her way out of the seat. "Go time? Lemme get my clone back here, I gotta swap my powers around."

"If by go time you mean time to pick up everyone, then yeah," you say. "And I guess we should let Madoka and Hitomi know, too. Uh..."

Mami's already ahead of you, ribbon winding forward as she looks to you and Homura for confirmation. Homura nods, so you simply smile and gesture for Mami to go ahead.

Madoka, too, gasps as she's brought into timestop, eyes seeking around the frozen world until she orients herself. It's not unexpected, you suppose, given the abruptness of Homura's power, and it's a reaction you find mirrored in Hitomi.

On the other hand, Hitomi simply smiles, looking around with sharp, bright interest, while Madoka stares at Homura, hands fidgeting on her lap.

"O-oh," Madoka says. "W-what's happening?"

"We found that the storm is a scrying technique, and Mami managed to track it down - so we're going to go and find whoever's behind it," you offer when Homura stays silent, uncertain. "But I just wanted to make sure that we didn't leave you hanging. We'll be away for... minutes, hopefully, with Homura's power, but perhaps an hour or so, realistically."

"O-oh," Madoka says. "Stay safe, OK? Everyone stay safe!"

"Indeed," Hitomi says, nodding in firm agreement. "I can't even begin to pretend I understand anything of what this... what this situation is, if it should turn to conflict, but take care out there."

"We will," Mami says, stepping forward. She *radiates* assurance, with a gentle smile and confident, squared set to her shoulders. "We're assembling a large team to help us, so we won't be heading out alone, either."

"We'll get this sorted and be back safe and sound," you say, smiling bracingly at them. "That said, I wanted to leave my phone with you two, just in case it takes too long and you need to get in contact with Mr. Momoe. And... mm, Sayaka will be dropping off a clone to help guard Mitakihara itself, just in case, *and* we're getting a girl from Miss Tsuruya's group to help out there, too. I should... ah, dang, telepathy doesn't work in timestop."

You scowl in annoyance as you root in your pockets for your phone.

"It's fine, I'll hook us up," Sayaka says, waving at herself as her clone arrives. "I'll be here still, anyway."

"Ah, right," you say, smiling gratefully at her as you pass your phone over to Madoka. "Yeah, that works, thanks, Sayaka."

"No prob, no prob," Sayaka says, shrugging. You'll need to let her know about the Animators being on defense too - but that's for later, when Mami isn't right there.

"It *does* rather set my mind at ease to know you'll still be around, Sayaka, with reinforcements if need be," Hitomi says, smiling. There's just a hint of concern in that smile, but there's determination in the tilt of her chin, and you can respect that.

"Alright," you say, smiling. "We'll leave you two be, and again... thank you for agreeing to look after Nagisa. It... well, it's an important job, and I regret that I have to dump it on you two. Three, really." You turn to Sayaka, offering her the same grateful smile.

"She's quite the joy," Hitomi says with a smile. "So it's very much our pleasure."

"Yeah!" Madoka says, nodding vigorously enough for her twin tails to bounce with the motion. "It's no problem at all!"

"I'm glad," you say. "Hopefully we'll be back before you know it, but if not - we'll be fine, yeah?"

"Until later," Hitomi says gravely.

"Um... all the best!" Madoka says.

You swap goodbyes for now, nudging Homura to add her own, and release them back to the clutches of Homura's timestop.

"Hey, Sabrina," Sayaka says, glancing at her clone. "Got any thoughts on the powers I should bring or leave behind?"

"Leave antimagic, definitely," you say. "And... one good defensive power, mmmmaybe one good offensive power?"

"Won't we need antimagic?" Sayaka asks.

"We're bringing Oriko and Kirika, so..." you shrug.

"Ugh, are we really?" Sayaka asks, grimacing and turning to Homura in wordless appeal.

"It's a tactically sound decision," Homura says tonelessly.

"*Ugh*," Sayaka grumbles, sorting through her power gems. "Right. Leaving antimagic behind, and uh... hrm. Plants? I think plants. Not more than that, I think... hope my clone holds up."

"Alright," you say. "So, just to get everyone on the same page, we're going to pick up Oriko and Kirika first -Oriko wanted to talk- and then Mika and Kyouko, then Noriko and Akemi, and then Kazumi and her girls, and then Miss Tsuruya, and *then* we go."

"Mm... why not Miss Tsuruya first?" Mami suggests. "After all, we'll have to drop Miss Akiyama back here in Mitakihara before we leave."

"Ah, that's a good point," you say, smiling. "That'll do, then."

"Where're we headed, anyway?" Sayaka asks, trading power gems with herself.

"Myanmar, I think," Mami says. "I'm not too sure geographically - I have a... a sense of which direction and the distance, but I wouldn't be able to place it on a map."

"Oh, nice! Well, not so nice based on why we're going, but I've always wanted to visit Angkor Wat," Sayaka says. She grins as her clone flips over the back of seat and squirms into the position she'd previously occupied. "Anyway, ready!"

"Uh..." you exchange a look with Mami, who shakes her head slightly.

"Angkor Wat is in Cambodia," Homura observes.

"What?" Sayaka says in English, grinning.

"... no," Homura says.

"Alright, alright, let's get moving?" you say, before *that* goes any further. "Up to the roof again, I guess, or... is the front door closer?"

"Front door," Homura murmurs.

You head out, squeezing past the crowds and the canopy of umbrellas to get airborne on a flight disk. And since you'll be heading to near space on *this* trip, you take a moment to contemplate using nanofog to form a remote sensory array, allowing you to close up the Mobile Oppression Platform entirely.

Hmm. Perhaps not, actually. Now that you've got a handle on *nano*scale Grief, you suspect that you can make something see-through but still air-tight, and you suspect that your passengers would rather not be trapped on all sides by aggressively ominous, eye-bendingly fractal walls.

You're descending towards the Mikuni mansion in minutes, landing in the backyard. You spare that rosebush a look, lying beside the hole you'd uprooted it from. It's not exactly doing well, but some roots managed to find their way back to the ground, and despite the wilted, dead leaves, you can see new growth starting to show.

Huh.

Nanofog flows out ahead of you, mapping out the interior of the house. Less for your own sake -you *do* trust Oriko, you think- and more for Homura's. She'd appreciate you being thorough in this, and so through you are, working Grief into the walls to check for possible surprises. You don't find anything apart from the beginnings of an ant nest, which you move outside into the garden as you enter the mansion.

And you find...

You find Oriko and Kirika both transformed, and sitting apart on the sofa. Kirika's arms arm knotted into a tight curl of anger, with an expression to match the tense set of her shoulders. And Oriko looks... Oriko looks saddened. Saddened, but determined, mouth opened as if mid-argument.

Homura takes the scene in with a blank expression, and Sayaka's face, by contrast, morphs into a grimace.

Mami's hand is tight on yours.

"Do we *really* have to bring them?" Sayaka asks. Her words seem to jolt Homura into action, who marches forward, producing a retractable pointer from her shield. She extends it, and taps it to Oriko's side.

"-ve to-" Oriko blinks, sagging as her eyes refocus to take in Homura's icy glare. "Ah. My apologies."

"You wanted to talk," Homura says, tone absolutely even.

"... yes, I did," Oriko says, exhaling slowly. She glances around the room, at you, and Mami, and Sayaka, then to Kirika, her eyes lingering for a long moment before turning back to Homura. "I have reasons to *want* to live, which I owe largely to Kirika, and Sabrina - and in part to you, for giving me a chance to realise that. But anything I can say is little more than air."

Moving slowly, carefully, she removes her Soul Gem from her collar, and holds it out to Homura.

Homura stares.

"A guarantee," Oriko says, voice shaking just the tiniest bit.

"What the *hell*?" Sayaka asks.

Oriko turns her head slightly, pinning Sayaka with a look. "Is there anything I can say that might change your mind, Miss Miki?" she asks. "Or indeed, change the reality of things I've done?"

Slowly, Homura closes her hand on Oriko's Soul Gem and pockets it, expression unreadable. Mechanically, she pivots away and marches over to Kirika, bringing her into the timestop with that same extendable pointer.

Kirika doesn't move at first, other than her eyes widening a hair - and then her expression crumples. Without looking at Homura, without looking at Oriko, she all but rips her Soul Gem off her back and thrusts it at Homura.

"If you kill my Oriko, then kill me too," she says, a vibrato of fury and deep-seated terror lacing her voice. "Or I will *gut* you and everyone you love."

"Kirika-" Oriko says.

Mami's hand is *painfully* tight on yours as Homura accepts Kirika's Soul Gem too.

"If you're doing this, then so am I," Kirika says. "I don't want to live in a world without you." She explodes to her feet in one swift motion, uncaring of the way Homura twitches, and throws herself at Oriko, curling up on her lap.

"... I think we should give them a moment," Mami says quietly, and ushers everyone out as Oriko wraps her arms around Kirika.

"What the *hell*," Sayaka repeats as soon as you're out in the open air, trying to avoid the raindrops frozen midair as much as possible.

"I have... I'll be honest, I didn't see this coming at *all*," you admit with a shaky laugh that's entirely devoid of humour.

"She's not making amends," Mami observes quietly. "She's just... asking for enough trust that we can fight together, I suppose."

"She didn't have to do this," you mutter. "I mean... we'd all agreed to let them come along, right?"

---

- [ ] Do you have anything to add here? (Write-in, word count limit: 150 words)
- [ ] Just continue onwards
  - [x] Vote in abeyance**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] For yourself, ask Kirika if she can make antimagic enchantments with what you have handy. You'd rather not gem people if there's a better way and you think she's met or fought everyone on our side but Mika, Akemi, and Noriko already, all of whom are in town to be picked up early.
- [x] Overarching flight goals: In the time before you arrive in SEA you need...
- [x] to understand your opponents as best as possible so you aren't taken by surprise
- [x] to make sure you and your allies all know enough about each other to fight together effectively

- [x] Gather Mitakihara and head to Fukushima. Plans for the first leg, to Fukushima and back to drop off Atsuko:
- [x] You're going to need a bigger Mobile Operations Platform. Make a full on flying saucer.
- [x] Put on some music or other white noise in the background. (Take requests.)
- [x] Given that you're going halfway to space by the end of this, and general utility, can you use grief fog sensors instead of windows? Can you make a "very foggy array?" (Thousands of mechanical grief micro cameras distributed throughout your fog and/or the hull of the MOP. Do not trance.)
- [x] Gather basic info prior to a bigger tactical discussion once you've picked everyone up.
  - [x] Generally offer your enchanted grief for any one tool your friends might need and don't have, with a note on the limits of what you can make.

---​

Yes, this is an even more open-ended vote than usual. *Not* having a response here -or not interceding, just offering thoughts- is an entirely valid outcome too.
