# Lowlife pt. 15

You stare out into the gloom of the time-frozen storm. Animating Grief takes but a sliver of attention, nanofog batting raindrops from the sky and keeping your platform in flight. Another part of you keeps a watchful eye out, surveying your city, your home, for things that might be out of place despite the grip of Homura's power. Still yet another part of you enjoys having Mami snuggled up against you, a warm presence tucked against your side. Your anchor, in many ways, to being *human*.

And the rest of you worries, churning thoughts rattling against each other in the dark corners of your mind.

"What are you thinking about, Sabrina?" Mami asks, her hand stroking slowly through your hair.

"That 'rattling' implies a certain emptiness and it's not really the best adjective to use on thoughts," you say. "Also, Pokemon should move away from HMs, because forcing you to dedicate a slot to a move just to get past some obstacles is tiresome."

"The emptiness might well apply to you," Oriko says drily. "You really should drink more green tea."

"Hey," you protest, spinning your chair around to face her. "But... Alright, reconfiguring a second."

You shuffle the seats around your flight platform so you form a loose square facing each other - Sayaka, Homura, Oriko and Kirika, you and Mami.

"So..." You sigh, rubbing your face. "I mean, truth be told, I'm... worried that this isn't going to go as smoothly as I'd like it to."

Homura's gaze shifts to you, sharp and perhaps a touch concerned.

"No plan survives contact with the enemy?" Sayaka says, raising an eyebrow. "I mean, we all know that."

"Well... yeah," you say. "Exactly. We've got this big pretty plan about hunting them down with the help of Homura's power, but I'm worried that that's... where it trips up. I'm *new* to this, and so are you, Sayaka, and Oriko and Kirika too. I don't really know how to, to evaluate risks. My *one* big engagement was *Sendai*."

"Neither can we say much," Mami offers with an apologetic look. "We know too little, at this point - we don't even know how many magical girls they have."

"Which..." you sigh. "Which is the problem, right? We... we barely even know where they are."

"Ah... we *do* know where Iowa is," Mami says. "My trace on them is... mm, a compass effect of sorts. And I'm maintaining it with ease, now that I've started it." She smiles at you. "It's not that different from tracing a Witch, now that I think about it. I could try teaching you later, if you'd like?"

"I would, but..." you trail off unhappily.

"Second thoughts, o fearless leader?" Sayaka asks teasingly.

"I... well, yeah," you say. "I'm just *worried*. These, these people. Heck, even *that's* a gap in our intel, I'm only *assuming* that it's Iowa - I'm pretty sure, but it's still an *assumption*. If it's Iowa, they're people who pose a threat to everything I know and love." You raise a fist, and let it drop weakly.

"I try and see magical girls as victims first. Victims of this system, of life, of Kyuubey," you say slowly, eyes sweeping from Mami, to Homura, Sayaka, to Oriko, and Kirika. "Most of us wouldn't be in this situation if we weren't manipulated into it, but I... I haven't found a lot of sympathy in myself for Iowa. If they're a threat, if they're coming for me, for *us*, then I want them *crushed*."

"Isn't that *why* we're going now?" Kirika asks, giving you a narrow-eyed look. "I mean... you're grabbing everyone you can, and we go in and smash 'em flat. Smush. Done."

"And for that exact reason I've been... I've been going over the thought of all of us cutting loose," you say quietly. "We have a *lot* of power at our disposal, and that's before we factor in the fact that with me around, we have unlimited magic. If they weren't in a population center, maybe I should just... open with a thousand-ton chunk of rock doing orbital reentry velocities. Airburst it, and use it as a *distraction*."

"There are *people* around, Sabrina," Mami murmurs, giving you a worried look.

"Which is why I have zero intention of doing it - as I said, *if* they weren't in a population center," you say. "But if wishes were fishes, the Incubators would be fishmongers and I'd still only got the one." You hesitate, well aware that that last thought wasn't the most coherent. "We have a *lot* of power. Should we be using it? Pushing ourselves, against them?"

"You're scared." Homura's words bring you up short, killing your momentum and your rant in an instant. Her eyes lock onto yours, tired and hard, but... leavened with just a touch of sympathy and painful *understanding*.

"I-" You trail off, hunching your shoulders. Mami takes your hand in hers, squeezing gently. "I guess I am, a bit. I'm scared that we don't know enough, and I'm scared of how this might go if we just blunder right in. I'm scared that approaching too close results in us tripping some... I dunno, some *whatever* that counts as enough of a connection to bring them in here with us. I'm scared that they might have hostages."

"Better afraid than overconfident," Homura says, still holding your eyes.

"I have to agree," Mami says quietly. "We know our limitations. Knowing that, we can consider ways to mitigate them."

"I..." you sigh. "The *best* thing we can do is find someone who's fought them before. Then we'd have accurate information, but... I have no idea how."

"Miss Tsuruya mentioned the previous place they attacked," Homura points out. "It's... an option."

You study her for a moment - you can tell she doesn't relish the notion, and you can't blame her. From the way Mami shifts a little beside you, neither does she, with the time spent in the grip of Homura's magic.

"She did, in India. It'd be a few hours even at top speed in atmosphere," you murmur. "But it would be... it would be a good option, leaving aside the possibility of actually *finding* them in the city."

"Assuming anyone was left alive, I could find them," Oriko murmurs. "My clairvoyance seems to have an affinity towards... people of relevance. However, given the reputation they've built, and given their mode of operation... anyone left behind, it seems, would not be long for this world."

You bite your lip.

"Hey, uh, listen," Sayaka says. "Miss Tsuruya knows that stuff, shouldn't we grab her and uh... see if she's scared up any more information in the short term?"

"The research you put to Miss Saito and Miss Watanabe, too," Homura notes. "They haven't had much time, but there might be something useful."

"That's... true," you admit, and flick a gaze in Sayaka's direction. "I... well, Oriko, I don't suppose you can scry through Homura's timestop?"

"I've never been on this side before," Oriko says. "I certainly couldn't, in the other direction."

"That reminds me," Sayaka says, expression hardening. "Mikuni. Give me your hand. I'm going to copy your power."

Oriko doesn't object, reaching out wordlessly, and you bite back any and all of the teasing remarks that you might make. Best not to, with the suddenly tense mood, and especially not with Kirika looking *distinctly* sour about the whole thing. Sayaka's grip locks tight on Oriko's - not painfully so, or not deliberately, you don't think, and you feel the familiar surge-ebb of Sayaka's magic as she does her thing.

Sayaka sits back, thoughtful. "Clairvoyance," she mutters. "Hrmph."

"... To answer the question, Sabrina, I'm certainly willing to try, with Miss Akemi's permission," Oriko says after a moment. "But I'm uncertain if I would have any more success than I did before, given that their defenses are presumably still up."

She hesitates for a second.

"Much as I hate to suggest it, it's possible that Miss Miki might have more success, by combining powers," Oriko says.

"... Miss Kure," Mami says thoughtfully. "Are you capable of dispelling *other* people's antimagic?"

"I... guess?" Kirika mutters, apparently still sulking. "I just gotta tune it right, I suppose."

"Then it's entirely possible that working with Miss Mikuni -or Sayaka combining your powers- you might be able to penetrate the effect preventing Miss Mikuni from observing them," Mami says slowly. "It really does depend on whether you can manage to use your powers in tandem like that, of course."

"... we can make it work." It's like watching the sun rise, a steady glow of excitement taking over Kirika expression as she considers the notion. "I bet we can make it work!"

"I do suspect we'll have to be closer to them," Oriko murmurs. "Now that we no longer have the direct link of *their* magical works to trace, I'd need a firmer idea of the search area."

"I'll try, too," Sayaka says dubiously. "Pity I doubt *they're* currently parked under a storm, or I could try turning the storm-scrying back on them."

"Alright, that's... that's a start," you say, nodding. "I'm still kind of terrified of tripping some kind of forward defenses of theirs, but... that's a good start."

"It's not enough to go on," Mami says thoughtfully. "But even if they somehow know about Homura's power, I don't believe it's reasonable that they would be specifically prepared against it - it's an exceedingly versatile one, and one that *isn't* easily defended against." She smiles warmly at Homura. "And even then, I believe that with our allies, we have a critical mass of capability that should help us avoid, and notice any *initial* issues. And when we get closer, we can reconnoiter."

And that's a thought that's been bouncing around the back of your head - no plan survives contact with the enemy, but it's valuable in and of itself to have *discussed* with everyone your general goals, to share your capabilities. An overall plan might fall apart, but each of you are individuals capable of *thinking* and taking opportunities as they come, and of working *together*.

"So, in summary, plan A: we gather everyone, get closer but not directly on top of them, and then reconnoiter via scrying and re-plan?" you summarize, biting your lip as you think about it. "Plan... I dunno, Plan Aleph: we try and find survivors. Solid intel, but the chances are low. Plan Alpha: show of force to open with?"

"I reckon it'd be a good idea to grab *everyone* first," Sayaka notes. "I mean, look, we're gonna have to go over the *same* discussions again whatever we decide, right?"

Mami squeezes your hand, giving you another warm smile as you try and work through it in your mind.

---

- [ ] Vote in abeyance
- [ ] Head to Thiruvananthapuram and try to find survivors
- [ ] Travel towards Iowa, but stop short to scry
- [ ] Something else? (Write-in)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] For yourself, ask Kirika if she can make antimagic enchantments with what you have handy. You'd rather not gem people if there's a better way and you think she's met or fought everyone on our side but Mika, Akemi, and Noriko already, all of whom are in town to be picked up early.
- [x] Overarching flight goals: In the time before you arrive in SEA you need...
- [x] to understand your opponents as best as possible so you aren't taken by surprise
- [x] to make sure you and your allies all know enough about each other to fight together effectively

- [x] Gather Mitakihara and head to Fukushima. Plans for the first leg, to Fukushima and back to drop off Atsuko:
- [x] You're going to need a bigger Mobile Operations Platform. Make a full on flying saucer.
- [x] Put on some music or other white noise in the background. (Take requests.)
- [x] Given that you're going halfway to space by the end of this, and general utility, can you use grief fog sensors instead of windows? Can you make a "very foggy array?" (Thousands of mechanical grief micro cameras distributed throughout your fog and/or the hull of the MOP. Do not trance.)
- [x] Gather basic info prior to a bigger tactical discussion once you've picked everyone up.
- [x] Enchant more Grief on the way
  - [x] Generally offer your enchanted grief for any one tool your friends might need and don't have, with a note on the limits of what you can make

---

Well. This update saw a considerable bit of rewriting ~~mostly because I completely misinterpreted the vote but hey I get to carry forward a good chunk of it to the next update~~.
