# Lowlife pt. 16

"... Alright," you say, letting out a slow exhale and smiling at your friends. "Alright. You... well, you all make good points, so... thank you."

"You had most of it already," Mami says, squeezing your hand. "And being afraid of this sort of thing is perfectly understandable, Sabrina. Still, we're here for you - and I think everyone here, right now, is here because we trust you."

Her eyes sweep the rest of your impromptu war council: Homura, Sayaka, and yes, Oriko and Kirika.

"Well... alright," you say. You straighten, and smile. You have your friend's confidence - you deserve to have a little in yourself. "We've got some loose plans, so let's get moving."

You're descending towards the shopping centre in short order, tracing the same path you'd taken on the way out, already cleared of raindrops. Mami smiles at you, squeezing your hand and standing.

"Alright, er," you say, looking back at the others. "Just a quick stop for a pickup, so... Oriko, Kirika, Sayaka, you can stay put for the moment? Ah... Mami, and Homura, if you want?"

Homura nods.

"Of course, Sabrina," Mami says, rousing herself from her half-doze against your arm. Together, the two of you vault the side of the flight platform, Homura following a second later to drop towards the roof of the shopping center.

"Kyouko and Yuma first?" Mami asks.

"I think so, yeah," you say, smiling. A fraction of your mind goes towards expanding the flight platform - still a disc, just a larger one. More chairs, too, and you put a bit of thought towards ergonomics.

"Hey!" Kirika squawks, somewhere behind and above you.

"Just doing some remodeling!" you call back.

Mami smiles at you, the bright flash of ribbons already blossoming between her fingers. They quest towards Kyouko and Yuma, reaching for their wrists.

Kyouko inhales with a sharp gasp. Mami tugs you back with a hand on your wrist. Which is something you appreciate greatly a moment later as that familiar spear sprouts in Kyouko's hand, dusky red eyes sweeping the roof sharply, pulling Yuma behind her on instinct.

"Big sis, w-wha-" Yuma asks, summoning her own mace and looking around.

"Welcome to the world of Homura's power," you say lightly.

"Oh," Yuma says. She blinks, apparently realizing something. "... Oh!"

"The fu..." Kyouko's eyes narrow at you, then shift past you, to Homura. "Right. And we're using this to get to the chucklefucks spying on Mitakihara."

"Yup," you say. "So... I guess I know the answer already, but Yuma, I don't suppose you're willing to stay back? I know Kyouko's coming along, but if you're willing to play reargua-"

"Nuh-uh!" Yuma says, interrupting you. "I'm going with big sis!" She shrinks a little. "S-sorry."

"Noooooooope." Kyouko scowls at you, hand on Yuma's shoulder.

"Righty. It's fine, Yuma - like I said, I guess I did know the answer already, but I wanted to check," you say, unfazed. You jab your thumb over your shoulder as the flight platform glides in to a hover beside the roof. "Hop on, then, we need to grab Mika, then we'll be on our way to pick up the rest of our strike team."

"Got this all planned out nicely, dontcha," Kyouko says with a snort as she saunters over towards the flight platform. "'sup, wondergirl?"

"Eh, just hanging out," Sayaka says, waving.

"Heck no," you call towards Kyouko. "But we've got a lot of distance to cover and I want to *get* covering it before I'm old and grey."

"You're *already* grey!" Sayaka hollers from the flight platform.

"I- hey, I am *not*!" you protest. "My hair is *white*, thank you very much. *Oriko* has grey hair."

"Don't bring me into this," Oriko says drily. "Miss Sakura, Miss Chitose, a pleasure."

Mami giggles softly, over Kyouko's rough laughter. You can sense Kyouko -*sense* her, disturbances pushing through your omnipresent cloud of nanofog- helping Yuma up to the platform.

That's... fine. It leaves your rear guard lighter than you'd like it to be, but you also have near instantaneous reaction time to threats in that direction, with Homura in the picture.

... Besides, you need a healer, you suppose. An important tactical consideration, and one that slightly weirds you out for the fact that *Sayaka* isn't one.

"Don't sulk, Sabrina," Mami says, smiling up at you. "I'll stay with you even if you're old and grey."

You laugh, cheeks ringing slightly pink. "And I'll be glad to have you, but I was just thinking about all this... thisness."

"Well... shall I bring Miss Nakano in?" Mami asks, nodding.

"Yeah," you say with a grateful smile.

Mika's reaction is rather more interesting - even as colour bleeds across her form, she remains as still as if she were still held in the thrall of Homura's timestop but for the slow rise and fall of her chest.

"Well!" she says after a moment, looking down at the ribbon around her wrist, and then swiveling to face Homura. "That's kind of disconcerting."

"This is my power," Homura says tonelessly.

"Mmm," Mika says. "I see, yeah." She flashes a grin. "Yeah. We're not gonna *fight* like this, are we?"

"No," Homura says. "We'll use it for a surprise attack."

"Good, good," Mika says. "And we're getting there by..." Her gaze shifts past the three of you, to the flight platform. "I see!"

"Miss Nakano?" Mami says softly. "Does Homura's magic make you uncomfortable?"

"Oh, yeah," Mika says, entirely cheerful and apparently without a single trace of sarcasm. "It's *deeply* unpleasant to not be able to feel the wind, but if we're just gonna use this to get to... wherever it is, I'll be fine."

"... my apologies?" Homura says.

"And mine," you say. "I'm sorry, I had no idea it'd affect you like this."

"Oh, don't make it a big thing," Mika grumps, shaking her head. "It's not. I'm *used* to having... having the wind at my back, but that doesn't mean I can't deal. Anyway, that's the magic school bus over there, right? Let's get going, I'll like it better with some moving air."

"Well, if you're sure," you say, nodding.

The trip across the city is a swift one, off to the towering complex of newly-built apartments. You're still incredibly grateful to Hitomi for coming through on that so quickly, you have to say - the power of a solid grounding in the real world, as it were. And money.

Another pickup, Noriko and Akemi absorbing the strangeness of Homura's timestop with surprising aplomb. Noriko bangs the time-frozen printer a few times before giving up and tucking the already-printed stack under her arm, her other body collecting stationery.

"I don't suppose you had any luck?" you ask.

"Mmmmaybe," Akemi says. "We found *some* possible hits, but we need a bit of time to check through it."

"Well... you've got a bit, since I want to gather everyone before we discuss anything - no point going over everything multiple times, right?" you say, already ushering them towards the roof.

"Right," Akemi says, sneaking Noriko a fond look as they lock up.

One round of introductions for the new pickups later, you're on your way, rising fast over Mitakihara, the strains of Wagner filling the air. *Not* the Ride of the Valkyries, because the time isn't right yet, but you're laying in the groundwork. You're pretty sure Sayaka's cottoned on to the joke already, though, given the glare you can feel boring into the back of your head. And...

"Uh... Miss Mika," you say, swivelling your chair to glance back at her. You're not sure she heard you the first time, so you raise your voice. "Miss Mika? You're an aerokinetic, right?"

"A wind mage," Mika says, pulling back in to give you an inquisitive look. She's asked for a seat by the window -and you had to add both- so that she can stick her head out to enjoy the rush of wind from your passage.

"Well, I don't know if it's possible, but... are you able to smooth the wind of our passage?" you scrub your hand through your hair sheepishly. "I mean, the limit of how fast we can go is determined by aerodynamics and shockwaves through the air, so..."

"One hypercavitation bubble, coming right up," Mika says, brightening. She leans out of the window once more. You can *feel* the flare of power, and the way the wind swirls around her arm for a moment before surging forth.

"Thank you," you say, nodding. "Right, and... we've got a lot of ground to cover, so! Are we all OK with hard acceleration? I could try and make some kind of inertial compensator, if you'd prefer - the only problem is that we'd have to deal with the Witchy sensation."

"Witchy sensation?" Mika asks.

"I control Grief, and Witches are made of Grief, so I can make constructs out of Grief that... well, behave like Witch stuff," you say. "Which means I can make stuff that *fully* defies physics, like, say, something that cancels inertia."

Mika winces. "I'd rather not."

"Yeah, nah," Kyouko says, scowling at you. "Not dealing with that."

"It's rather more grating to those of us who have been magical girls longer," Mami offers quietly, laying her hand against your elbow. "I've gotten used to it with time - the sensation of your constructs is ever so slightly different from a Witch's, but it took time for me to realise."

"Hunh. Really?" Sayaka asks, scratching her hair. "*I* noticed, but maybe that's cuz I knew Sabrina right away?"

"Mmrm, right," you say. "So... hard acceleration, then? Is everyone OK with that? Is there anything you guys need before we get moving?"

A round of nods and agreement, apart from-

"Peanuts!" Kirika chirps. "I want those lil' bags of peanuts."

You start to open your mouth, eyes shifting to Kyouko, and then close it slowly as you think better of it. The death glare preemptively attempting to hate you out of existence has nothing to do with it, of course. Absolutely nothing.

"... Maybe next time," you allow. "If there's nothing else-" a round of shaken heads, "-then hold on to your hats, everyone -and this means you, Oriko- because we are *off* to Fukushima," you say, and gun the metaphorical engine, an equally metaphorical giant promptly sitting down on your chest.

You're vaguely annoyed by the notion that there are shockwaves from *moving too fast* in timestop, but Homura didn't disagree. It makes more sense than most of the timestop's effects in general, really - if you set off a lump of TNT while under the aegis of her power, the shockwave would still be there after the timestop ended. Or bullets fired off keeping their velocity.

... timestop is *weird*, anyway.

You're mindful of Homura sitting quietly in the back of your flight platform, directly behind Oriko and Kirika. Her fingers pluck slowly at the ribbon around her wrist -seemingly unconsciously- despite the grind of acceleration pushing you all back into your seats. You're mindful of the Grief trickling slowly into her Soul Gem, and you keep her cleansed, of course, but you're also watching her carefully for signs of strain.

Her attention shifts for a split second, gaze going to you, and then back to Oriko and Kirika.

You punch upwards through the storm, and then leave it behind, glittering, frozen raindrops giving way to dense cloud, and then clear skies as Mitakihara recedes over the horizon. Japan blurs past beneath you, checkered fields and rolling countryside twisting into monochrome smudges.

To Fukushima, to the grassy peak of Mount Shinobu. To the shrine, where you're all but certain that you'll find Yuki. And you're not teleporting this time, instead heading towards the observation deck where you'd first met her, the same rough-paved stone.

A new addition is the block of metal, seemingly made of junk smushed together into a gigantic brick taller than you are. The cause is obvious: the girl perched atop it, frozen in the act of kicking her feet against the block. Her bootlaces are untied, you can't help but notice. Akiyama Atsuko, in her billowy dress of red and black.

Sasami and Moe are leaning against the carved granite of the railing, both snacking companionably on granola bars. Light and shadow, searing blasts and superspeed: perhaps not the strangest pair you've ever met, but you can't deny that they complement each other perfectly.

And Yuki...

Yuki's nowhere in sight.

You leave the metaphorical engine running, hopping off the flight platform with Mami and Homura in tow to collect them. Another round of introductions and explanations and induction to Homura's timestop -and the accompanying fear-tinged discomfort- before you ask about Yuki.

"... Over by the shrine," Atsuko says, gesturing with an alarmingly pointy glove. "She always goes after accepting a mission."

"Ah, right, I remember," you say, frowning. "Do you think she'd be upset if we interrupted her?"

"Under the circumstances, I think she'd understand," Sasami says dourly.

"Fair enough," you say. "Uh... we'll go get her, then, feel free to hop up if you want? Or you can come with us?" You gesture at your flight platform.

They wind up joining the others on the platform as you, Mami, and Homura head off past the copse of cherry trees. Old ones, you can't help but notice, weathered and gnarled and carefully tended, and for that they lend their shade to an equally weathered little shrine.

Not much of one, you admit, but you're pretty sure that it's still tended to, the paint still bright and the encroaching grass pruned back. And here you find Yuki, kneeling before the minimal wooden structure, and when Mami winds her ribbon around the smaller girl's wrist, she doesn't react, remaining with head bowed even as tension thrums through her body.

You wait, because it seems the right thing to do - even Homura doesn't seem to have any objections, here.

Yuki stands after a moment, arms disappearing under her cloak, and she nods to the three of you.

"Thank you for your patience," she says. "And this..." She chuckles lightly. "Formidable and terrifying in equal measure, Miss Akemi."

Homura inclines her head slightly as Yuki looks from her, to Mami, to you, and then a glance back to the shrine. She smiles.

"A time of legends. I'm glad I chose to side with you," she says. "Shall we?"

"Yep," you say, returning the smile. "Let's go."

You confirm, once more, that everyone's alright with the hard acceleration, and confirm too that they're all alright with discussing matters once everyone's gathered, and then you're off once more, back to Mitakihara.

The block of metal you leave atop the shopping center, along with Atsuko. A girl who controls metal, and literal tons of fodder. You wish her a boring watch, which she crooks a smirk and a lazy salute at as the monochrome greys Homura's timestop reclaim her. Yuki watches silently, thoughtfully, but doesn't say anything.

From there, it's off across Japan, striking northwest at speed to Asunaro. Mami has your hand, fingers interlaced and thumb stroking slowly over the back of your hand. Not yet the ratcheting tension of a fight anticipated - rather, slow and soothing, anchoring you to reality. What you're fighting for.

'You reach Asunaro, and find Kazumi on the roof of the museum.'

Such a *terribly* innocuous sentence.

It's accurate, but:

You reach Asunaro, and find a *fucking legion of three-meter tall teddy bears with claws the size of your torso* on the roof of the museum.

There.

Much better.

Admittedly, that's overcorrecting a little into hyperbole. The teddy bears are *only* a petite two and a half meters tall, at a guess, and there's *only* six of them. The claws, which are *not* hyperbolic, and the glowing yellow eyes and the jaws lined with dagger-sized teeth kind of make an impression, though.

Four magical girls -Kazumi, Kaoru, Umika, and Mirai- are an afterthought, even if the bears are summoned by the latter.

Kirika whistles. She's long since migrated to sitting across Oriko's lap, working quietly on enchanted chains.

"On the one hand, I understand why Mirai didn't want me to copy her power," Sayaka muses. "On the other, I *really* want those bears."

"... Yuma wants a bear too," Yuma adds.

"Let's pick 'em up, and we'll see whether we can get you a bear," you say.

And so you do, Kazumi lighting up with an awed, wondering smile as you explain, and she stares around the timestop, and you usher all of them up to your flight platform.

Kazumi stops, blinking first at Yuma, then at Yuki. You purse your lips, seeing the impending...

"*Omigodyou'resocute-*"

... disaster?

No, not really a disaster, you muse as Kazumi drags Yuma *and* Yuki into hugs. You're not sure why Yuki goes along with it, and nor are you quite sure why Kyouko's allowing it. The giant teddy bear offering Mirai a hand up -literally a hand up, lifting her on the palm of one giant paw- to the platform might have something to do with it.

"Can Yuma have a teddy bear?"

"Yes, absolutely!"

And a teddy bear gets conjured for Yuma, while Yuki flops bonelessly for a bit under the force of Kazumi's ferocious hug.

You exchange a look with Mami, and then with Homura, the latter of whom is looking upon the scene with faint horror. You shrug, and produce an extra flight platform for the bears - which *march* up to it in perfect synchronization and formation. Two rows of three, aligned with machine precision.

You shrug, and take off again.

Not too fast this time, not until you finish all your discussion, anyway.

"Alright everyone!" you call. "I'm going to rearrange the seats, so please hold for a moment!"

You suit action to word, forming everyone into a large circle. Mika pulls her head in from the side of the platform too, listening attentively.

"Right, so..." Your gaze roves from face to face as you force yourself to calm down, palms resting flat on your thighs. Calm, and poised. You hope. Your friends and allies, come to answer your call, and you *owe* it to them to make damn sure that they come out of this safe and unharmed. You'll start here. "I want you to be bored."

That startles a laugh from some of them: Kazumi and Kaoru, Sayaka, Moe.

"I'm quite serious there," you say, cracking a grin of your own. "I don't *want* this to turn out to be a fight. I *hope* that we're going to go down there and find out that it's just some new group flexing their powers for the first time and tripping off my own dumb paranoia. I *hope* that I'm going to have to drop you all off back home, grumpy and bored and annoyed at having spent your time putting up with me and heading all the way out for nothing. But I don't think that's likely."

"We don't think it's likely, either," Noriko pipes up quietly. She and Akemi have been sorting through papers the entire fight, reading frantically and annotating them.

You sigh quietly, and smile. "It's never wrong to hope, and like I said: I *hope* it's just some new magical girl or something," you say. "But too much points at Iowa, in this case, which means we're going into a fight. And well... no plan survives contact with the enemy."

"And we have precious little information, as yet," Oriko observes.

"Agreed," you say, nodding. "The current plan, as of now, is that we're going to get closer to the city, with Mami's guidance, and stop a good ways off. Closer in, Oriko can use her powers to scry on them, hopefully, and gain us intel before we engage. Sayaka too, using her copy of Oriko's power."

"Sounds solid," Kazumi says, flashing you a thumbsup. "Ah, Umika, dear-"

"Of course," Umika says, pushing her glasses up. They *don't* glint, not in the unearthly half-light of the timestop. "I can attempt to help too. My powers are not... specialized towards clairvoyance, but I can certainly try."

"I'd appreciate that," you say, smiling. "But even with that intel, well, uh. Don't expect the enemy to cooperate in creating your dream engagement, right?" That gets you an approving nod from Yuki. "So what I'd like to do is... not *plan*, exactly, but apart from our own groups, we've never worked together before. I think we'd benefit from at least sharing and discussing what we can each do, so we're aware and know how we can fight together, and how to not trip over each other."

"That sounds like an excellent idea," Yuki says, eyes sharp.

"OK!" you say brightly. You catch Mami's eye for a second, quirking your eyebrow just a fraction - she blinks, and then smiles, nodding an equally infinitesimal amount. "Then I'll hand off this, ah, session to Mami, because hey, who better, right?"

Mami smoothly takes up the lead, and keeps it simple to start with: going around the circle, she has everyone introduce themselves and their powers. Mami starts, of course.

Mami, with ribbons and musket.

Then the girls from Shiogama: Noriko, with her dual bodies and vicious scimitars and Akemi, with her probability manipulation. They fight well in tandem, they say, coordinating in the chaos and flow of melee.

To their right, the Pleiades. Umika, with true-writing, and Kazumi, with her shadow copies. Body enhancement and healing from Kaoru, and, of course, the monstrous teddy bears from Mirai. They're capable of keeping up with everyone, she reassures you, which is a nice thought when you're talking about towering half-ton beasts of baleful glares and rending claws that are on your side.

And to *their* right, Yuki's group. Yuki herself with her building control - any building you'll be fighting in or near will be *hers*, lending you the advantage. Sasami and Moe, light and shadow, laser blasts and a speedster in melee.

Mika. *Another* speedster, one who speaks to the winds. She's insistent about that. She doesn't *control* the winds, not per se, she speaks to them. Kyouko's been eyeing her sidelong during the flight, and you're not exactly surprised there - she *must* have caught the name, and the connection to her old home being demolished... and then the lifting of that sentence.

Then comes Oriko and Kirika, clairvoyance and antimagic. Allies, for a certainty, and you consider them friends too, by now. You're worried about Oriko, about her attitudes and her predicted death sentence. It's why she's *here*, in part, since she'd predicted her own death right around *now*. When you were away from Mitakihara, she'd said.

Yuma and Kyouko, the latter clipped and sharp as she glosses over her lack of overt magic - but nobody raises the issue. Spears are perfectly respectable, as is healing.

Then comes Sayaka, and Homura, and yourself, finishing with a smile. Mami opens the floor to discussion, to the eighteen of you heading out to...

Well.

As you'd said, to be *bored*, hopefully.

The first thing to be raised is by Sasami - she needs to coordinate her blasts, so as not to blind everyone. Telepathy is how she usually does it, and how you'll be working with it should you have to leave timestop to fight. *In* timestop, you have all the time in the world to discuss firing lines.

Concerns about antimagic are easily sorted out, considering that Kirika, and thus Sayaka, can *target* her power.

You figure out some rough plans and how you might interweave your powers, working together, but ultimately, the best way to *start* an engagement is to stick together to the groupings you're all familiar with - because you work better with those you know. Things will change during the engagement, but you'll *start* with that.

Which brings you to the discussion of the engagement itself.

"Right, so..." you say. "Rules of engagement. No collateral to civilians. I think we can all agree on that?" You let your eyes sweep the group, pointedly *not* lingering on Yuki, and you get a round of nods. "Then... capture *if possible*, but if the worst should happen..."

You sigh, rubbing your face. "You all came because *I* asked you to. You're *all* going to go home. So if you need to cut loose, then so be it, yeah?"

"We outnumber them by any reasonable guess," Yuki observes. "It's... unlikely that there's more than ten of them."

"Which is a great segue to my next point," you say as Mami takes your free hand, tugging it gently over to her lap. "Yuki, Noriko, Akemi... have you found anything new?"

"Little enough," Yuki says, waving a hand. "I *guessed* at ten from the point of view of logistics. Even moving around, unless they stick strictly to very large cities, then they're unlikely to have enough Grief Seeds to sustain more than a few girls."

"Ah, that makes sense," you say. "OK. Akemi, Noriko?"

Noriko and Akemi exchange a look. It seems that Akemi loses the silent conversation, because she's the one to answer you.

"We found obituaries," she says with a quiet sigh, holding up a few printouts. "We think. Well, two obituaries, three missing."

"... ah," you say, grimacing as you take the papers. Black and white pictures, and machine-translated mangling, but... the ages fit. The dates fit. You feel the bottom drop out of your stomach as you look them over.

"We also found... *some* candidate storms," Noriko says, picking up the explanation. "Miss Tomoe, does the current location happen to be in Mandalay?"

"I'm not sure," Mami says, shaking her head. "My tracking is more of a compass than a location."

"We'll know when we get there," you say. "But why do you ask?"

"There was a storm a week ago, over Mandalay," Noriko says. "It *may* have been the Iowa group at play, it may not have been."

"They don't *make* storms," Mika offers. Green eyes gleam as she looks from you to Noriko. "At least, they didn't make the one sitting over Mitakihara, merely enhanced it."

"Well..." Noriko scratches her head, sorting through the papers with her free hands. "*If* it's them, then we know the city."

"I don't suppose you'd found any other cities they might have hit? Previous ones? And..." you say, looking down at the papers in your hand. The obituaries. "I don't suppose they mentioned any living relatives or friends?"

"The trail is *much* harder to find any further back," Noriko says, shaking both heads. "If we had more time, we might have managed something. And no, we didn't find any mention of relatives or friends, but I suppose that wouldn't really be in the news."

"I... yeah," you say, and sigh. "Well, good work, both of you. Seriously, you managed a *lot* in... what was it, twenty minutes? You did great."

"Hear, hear," Sayaka says. "I don't even get that much *homework* done in twenty minutes."

"It was the least we could do," Akemi says, nodding firmly.

"Still, thank you," you say, sighing as you set the papers aside. You rub your eyes. "So... I'm going to put it to everyone. Do you think it's worth going to Thiruvananthapuram to look for survivors? I'd... *really* like more concrete information before we approach them."

"We're getting that information, are we not?" Yuki asks, indicating Oriko. Her question joins a wave of shaken heads, quiet denials, and well... you can see the same quiet pain on every face.

"There might be *survivors*," you say quietly. You can feel Homura's attention on you, in particular. Your gaze flicks up to meet amethyst eyes, hard, but... not unsympathetic. There's concern there, for *you*, written in wrinkles and the tension in her jaw. "There are people we could save. I-"

"Ask 'em," Kaoru says, sitting up from her slouch.

"Hm?" you blink at her.

"We beat them, then we *ask* them," Kaoru says. "Who did they leave behind? We outnumber 'em, don't we? We're going in prepared for an asskicking, so we kick some asses, and we make 'em *talk*. Umika can help make sure they're telling the truth."

Umika appends a thumbs-up.

"That... yeah," you say, exhaling slowly. "I could live with that. I... still don't like going in with as little information as we have, but..."

"What *are* you worried about?" Yuki asks.

"That Kyuubey's been spreading tales," you say. "That they somehow have some way of negating Homura's timestop, and we're going to run headlong into it. Heck, we *know* they have some kind of antimagic, or warding - what if we run facefirst into it and it cancels Homura's magic?"

You don't need to look at Homura to see the concern that flickers across her face at the thought, either.

"Then we probe ahead of us," Yuki says, raising her eyebrows. "It's possible, I agree, but it's something easily mitigated. Miss Tomoe's ribbons, or even your Grief would suffice - in fact, you already have it set up as such, don't you?"

"Well... yeah," you say. "I've got nanofog spread out ahead and behind us."

"Miss Tsuruya makes an *excellent* point," Mami says with a smile. "I should have thought of it myself, though... it doesn't rule out something more exotic."

"An effect that propagates along contact?" Yuki asks. "Possible, but unlikely."

"I don't need to be that close to them to scry on them, in any case," Oriko says. "Line of sight is best, but given that we are *flying*..." She gestures towards the window, to the muddy smudge of ground kilometers below.

"... alright," you say, nodding slowly. "I... look, I *am* a novice at this whole meguca thing. Mami, Homura, Miss Tsuruya, Miss Mika? You're the veterans here, and Homura, it's your power facilitating all this. You have the final word."

"I believe it is sufficient," Yuki says, nodding. "If we should walk into a trap, then we will adapt on the fly."

Mami hesitates, and then nods slowly. "I agree. I can help ward off any more esoteric effects, let alone having Sayaka and Miss Kure ready with antimagic."

"Mm," Mika says, thoughtful. "Gotta admit, I don't have much experience going on the attack, so I can't contribute here."

Homura exhales slowly, and then nods. "It's sufficient," she murmurs.

"Alright. Then... it's settled," you say, nodding slowly. "We'll make best time for Myanmar, and let Oriko and Sayaka scry. Anything else we wanna clear before we get moving?"

"I've got a question!" Kazumi says, sticking her hand up. "Just... curious, not super important?"

"Go ahead?" you say.

"Uh... Miss Saito, your power is *luck*, right?" Kazumi says, picking her words slowly as if she's still assembling the query.

"Yes?" Akemi says.

"Right, right," Kazumi asks. "So... were you doing your research just by hitting 'I'm feeling lucky' on Google?"

"*Kazumi*," Umika hisses, elbowing her.

"... I can neither confirm nor deny that," Akemi says, folding her arms and *pouting*.

"Y'know," you muse. "I'm sort of glad I'm not the *only* one who has that kind of weird dain bramage." You form a fist out of Grief vaguely in Kazumi's vicinity - she's too far away otherwise.

"It was a perfectly logical supposition!" Kazumi says, but happily raps her knuckles against yours even as Mami giggles fondly, amusement and disgust rippling around the circle of your allies. Sayaka, in particular, facepalms loudly.

"OK, OK," you say, holding up both hands. "Five minutes for last minute thoughts before we really get moving! Reconfiguring our seats, taking requests for the jukebox, any last minute business?" You pause thoughtfully. "Hope everyone, uh, *went* before we picked you up?"

A wave of nods, and rolled eyes.

"Five minutes, then!" you say, nodding firmly.

**\[] Confirm plan as written
\[] Last changes? (Write-in, 150 words)**

\=====​

Alright. I had to break this update *somewhere* - this one's already ballooning out of control. I should be able to update the next one relatively soon, assuming nothing major changes!

And again, apologies for the long delay between updates here.
