# Lowlife pt. 19

You transfer your gaze from the model, with its clearly delineated targets, to the real thing, trapped in time like a bug in amber as you think furiously, thoughts sleeting through your mind in not-so-orderly chains. You have enough information to plan an attack, and just enough wisdom to recognise that it will go wrong. Contingencies are the name of the game here.

You're not the only one staring in that direction. That ship, possibly that *city*, is going to turn into a battlefield. And the chaos of a battle isn't something you can tame. No matter how much you plan, no matter how much firepower you bring...

You're afraid, and you're not the only one.

Kazumi, her knee bouncing with the tapping of her feet, Umika and Kaoru and Mirai clutched close to her. They, in turn, huddle closer, but they're all alert and thoughtful, tension thrumming in their postures despite, or maybe *because*, of each other's presence.

Dusky red eyes flick your way for a second as you look over at Kyouko, and she looks away deliberately, biting into what looks like toffee - something sticky that stretches as she savages it. Yuma's sitting upright, bright green eyes darting uncertainly around the circle of people, nervous and fidgety.

Kirika, of course, you find curled around Oriko, who still has her eyes shut. You can feel the slow throb of her magic, slow pulses surging and ebbing as she continues to scry into the distance. You're not at all surprised to notice that they're holding hands, of course.

Yuki looks composed, both hands folded demurely on her lap. Then again, she's done this before: of your entire coalition here, she and her girls are probably the most experienced with this specific kind of fight. You're not sure even Homura's faced open combat with this kind of numbers before. Mika, perhaps.

And speaking of Mika, she's given up on sitting and decided to stand instead, hands braced on the back of her chair. She looks a little twitchy, a gentle breeze ruffling her robes and hair as she stands still - a nervous tic, if you're any judge. You owe her an apology later, you think. She *really* doesn't like the timestop and the lack of the free-flowing wind.

Homura shows nothing. A blank expression, sharp eyes and a poker face unreadable to almost anyone else. The slightest hint of strain, perhaps, and the endless trickle of Grief into her Soul Gem - something you've been keeping a *careful* eye on this entire time. She glances your way for a moment, holding your gaze before nodding slightly.

You'll take that as a sign of approval, then.

Sayaka's on her feet and pacing now, thumbs hooked into the belt of her costume as she tries to wear a hole in the floor of the flight platform. Her cloak waves in the still air too, a dramatic flutter flowing smoothly through the air in her wake. The jerk.

"Sit *down*, Blue," Kyouko grouses. "Your typewriter impression isn't doing anyone any good."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka grumbles back, legs folding as she drops back into her seat like a puppet with its strings cut.

Mami sits at your side, unruffled and placid, that familiar, gentle smile on her face as she considers the ship in the distance. If she's worried about the fight to come, she shows it not at all, projecting confidence and warm reassurance... right up until she looks over, and smiles at you, relaxing against you.

"I think I've got the beginnings of a plan," you say, finally breaking the... not quite silence, not with the music going in the background still, but nobody's been *talking*. "Again - everyone, feel free to call me out if anything seems dumb with the plan, and um... Sayaka, Oriko, Miss Umika, can I prevail on you to continue checking? Make sure we haven't missed anyone in the boat or on the ground, and if possible to know their powers?"

"Can do!" Sayaka says.

"I may not succeed," Umika warns, pushing her half-spectacles-monocle up her face, and no wonder because it's *half* a pair of spectacles and clearly wouldn't stay up properly. "As I mentioned, my magic isn't really *intended* to do this kind of thing."

"Anything you can tell us will be helpful, Umi," Kazumi says, looping an arm around her waist and snuggling closer, chin resting on her shoulder. Umika nods, and returns to her book.

"Agreed," Yuki says, nodding and then turning her attention to you. "You said you had an idea, Miss Vee?"

"Yeah. Miss Nakano has the right idea - we want to hit multiple objectives simultaneously, but I think we want *four* teams, not two," you say. "I'll call them Teams Aleph, Two, C, and Delta."

You can see Homura giving you a dubious look out of the corner of your eye, but the giggles that race around the group -the war room sans room- are worth it, you think. There's a time and place for seriousness, and there's a time and place for humour, and it's worth lightening the mood a little right now.

"Dibs on Delta team!" Sayaka says.

"Dibs on- dangit," Kirika says, scowling. They lock eyes, glaring.

"I-" You raise a finger, and then lower it, shaking your head. "Actually, you know what? I was planning on putting the two of you on the same team anyway, so, sure, you're both on Delta Team and before you start complaining, let me explain."

"Yeah, fine," Sayaka grumbles, folding her arms and glaring daggers at Kirika.

And so you stand, and you start explaining. Little figurines standing for each of your friends and allies are added to the model of Iowa, aiding in the explanation. It's a straightforward enough plan, you think, and flexible enough to handle a changing battlefield. Simple, too, because simplicity *counts* when you're trying to coordinate eighteen magical girls.

"I'm not sure I like the idea of splitting up our groups," Kazumi says slowly, after you finish explaining. "I can see the sense of why you want people where they are, but our strength is in the bonds with each other, right?"

"Right!" Kaoru says loyally.

You sigh heavily as you return to your seat beside Mami, finding her hand almost immediately sneaking over to find yours. She leans into your side, a thread of anxious tension wound tight in her form as you intertwine your fingers with hers, trying to offer what reassurance you can. Her palm is warm against yours, even through the leather of her half-gloves.

"Yeah, it's not completely ideal," you admit, grimacing. "As I said, I'm open to suggestions."

Yuki taps a finger to her chin, thoughtful. "I think Miss Vee has the right of it, actually," she says. "Miss Akemi's power is one of our biggest advantages, and we ought to be leveraging it for our initial setup - and there's no reason we can't link up and regroup, should the fight continue."

"I gotta work with *them*?" Sayaka says, glaring at Kirika. "I mean, I've got Kure's antimagic, just send *one* of us."

"No. It's smart," Homura says, looking at Sayaka for a moment until the bleunette notices, tilting her head quizzically. Homura sighs slightly, and switches her attention to yours. "We can talk privately before combat starts, right? Sayaka and I."

"Uh... yeah, sure? I can make a separate platform, so you're out of earshot," you say, blinking. You feel like you've missed something, but Homura just nods with what might be approval on her face.

"I wanna moment with Oriko, too," Kirika says, folding her arms and scowling. The effect's rather ruined by the way she's curled up under Oriko's arm, of course.

"Speaking of pre-battle preparations, Miss Vee, I'd like to call in our previous arrangement, and claim a property somewhere in the city first," Yuki says.

"Sure and sure, if everyone's alright with diverting for a bit?" you say, glancing around the circle. "Though, uh, Miss Tsuruya, we can always do it afterwards, of course."

"It would be to our collective benefit to do so before we begin," Yuki says, smiling faintly. "It would serve as a place for us to fall back to - all the way to Fukushima, if necessary, as well as being a hardpoint that we can pivot around if they force us to the ground."

Kyouko snorts quietly, rolling her eyes, and really, you can't blame her. *Or* Yuki. From the outside, it looks like transparent manipulation: Yuki gets something she wants, and yet, it's *eminently* practical: a fallback point is absolutely worthwhile to establish, let alone what she can offer from having one ready.

Win-win.

"Yeah, it makes sense," you say. "Again, if everyone's alright with diverting for a bit?"

"Sure, whatever," Kyouko grumbles. "Can we get to the fighting already?"

"I... think so?" you say, looking around the group. "I'll give everyone a few minutes in privacy to talk, then we shuffle around for our team assignments. Yeah?"

A chorus of agreements and nods, the tension in the air suddenly ramping up. You manage a brief smile for everyone, and then start splitting off smaller, individual platforms for quiet conversations - apart from Mika, who elects to go for a flight instead, wrapping herself in wind and soaring in a broad loop.

"It's a good plan," Mami murmurs quietly to you as she wraps her arms around you in a crushing hug. "And we're supporting each other, so that's good."

"But it's scary," you murmur quietly as you close your arms around her, letting the confidence fall away, here and now, with just the two of you. The worry gnaws at you: your friends are here because of *you*. You're leading them into a fight, with every advantage you can leverage to your side, but a fight nevertheless.

"It is," Mami murmurs, nestling against you. "I..." She exhales slowly, the warmth of her breath soaking through the thick layers of your costume to pool against your skin. "Mm." She pulls back and smiles at you, soft and radiant. "I trust you, Sabrina. So I know we'll get through this alright."

"Thank you," you murmur. You hope she's right.

She brushes a gentle kiss against your cheek, going on her tiptoes to do so, and then settles back down, turning her attention to the ship in the distance. She exhales, and her smile turns hard.

"If they think they're taking you away from me, they're wrong," she says, steel in her voice. "And if they think they're taking another innocent, well... we're here to show them just how wrong they are, aren't we?"

"We are," you say. "Mami, do you have a spare Grief Seed? Let me clear one for you, just in case. Iowa's a big ship, and we might be separated. Plus, it'll be good for emergency first aid?"

"I..." Mami closes her hand over yours, squeezing gently. "I won't need it. Not as long as you're here."

"You won't, all going well," you say, nodding firmly. "But it would make me feel better if you had it, just in case? And as I said - emergency first aid. Kazumi didn't bring their Clear Seed, for example, and maybe if you want to go *really* big with the Tiro Finales."

"Well... alright," Mami says, squeezing your hand. "But I'll give it back after the battle."

"Yep," you say, grinning easily at her.

And from there, it's just waiting. Rearrangement. You drift the entire conglomeration of floating platforms down closer to the ground as you clear out Suleika for Mami, picking out a likely-looking building out of the monotone greys of timestop - and by likely, you mean unoccupied. An old office building, built by someone with an excess of optimism and a lack of common sense, if you're any judge.

Their loss is Yuki's gain, it seems, as you deposit the diminutive girl at the crumbling atrium, flanked by Moe and Sasami. Broken glass and peeling paint abound, grass and other weeds swarming over sand and soil piled up over years of neglect, but Yuki doesn't seem to mind it at all, her eyes closing as her magic seeps into the air.

Sayaka and Homura signal for a return, Homura giving you a slight nod with unreadable violet eyes as you guide their platform back. Sayaka seems more settled now, crackling her knuckles and spinning off a clone.

Kyouko's the next to return, scowl pulling her face into an angry lopside. She touches Yuma gently on the shoulder, and the smaller girl waits as Kyouko stomps up to you, glaring.

"Yuma better not fucking get hurt," she growls at you.

"I promise I'll do my best to keep her safe," you say evenly. "But since *you* trained her, she can definitely kick *my* ass in a melee. I don't think she needs my protection."

Kyouko glowers at you, then Mami, jaw tightening.

"Fine," she grunts, turning away. "Yuma, c'mon. Few more tips for ya."

And more snacks, too, you can't help but notice, as she shares a chocolate bar from somewhere in her bottomless pockets.

You can feel the shudder in the air as Yuki works her magic, colour creeping up the dilapidated facade of the building. More to your concern, you can *feel* the Grief trickling into Homura's Soul Gem surge with the strain of supporting the building on top of everything else in her timestop.

She waves you off before you can say anything, jaw tight with tension - but she manages a single tense nod for you, amethyst eyes all but glowing in the unearthly half-light of her timestop. She's got this.

You flash her a smile, and not-so-subtly shuffle you and Mami to stand a little closer to her. Not offering her physical support, not exactly, but... being there for her.

Yuki nods, and steps back. The office building doesn't *look* any different, not from the outside, but you can feel the magic thrumming through it now - and the moment Yuki releases her magic, Homura's timestop takes hold once more, like creeping frost in fast forward.

Homura's shoulders sag as the strain is released, as Yuki returns, satisfied half-smirk on her face. She nods at you and Homura in turn, tucking her arms behind her back under her cloak.

A few more quick tests as the others return from their quiet conversations, last minute things that everyone wants to be sure of. Kazumi takes the lead here, offering her copy of the antimagic field for experimentation - Noriko and Akemi, in particular, are interested in testing their powers.

The answer, it turns out, is yes\* and yes respectively, but you assign a mental asterisk to the former as you watch from the sidelines. Noriko seems to have... similar issues to you, albeit substantially lesser - a headache, or so she tells you, instead of the nausea that roils through you. Akemi, on the other hand, has little issue, evidenced by the flipping of a small handful of coins.

A few quick swings with Noriko's scimitars solves a question you'd had nagging at the back of your mind, too. Weapons aren't a problem.

Another few more quick tests, and... there's little else you can put off, now. Oriko hasn't found anything yet, nor Sayaka, so your plans are as good as they're going to get. Umika hasn't either, though she does suggest that that you should expect something unusual, as far as powers go.

"So much for boredom," you say lightly, cheerfully. You stand, drawing everyone's attention to you. "Like I said, I'd really hoped to be able to send everyone home bored and annoyed, but... ah, well. So I'll just say *thank* you, everyone, for coming. We'll make it through this just fine." You grin confidently. "So. Let's get this done."

"Hear, hear!" Mika says.

"We are the hammer!" Mirai cries, thrusting one fist skyward.

"... Grey Knights?" Sayaka asks. "Really?"

"Hey, I don't play 'em, but it works," Mirai says, nodding at you.

You snort, amusement tugging your grin into something more natural. "Which reminds me of an important lapse. We never did name our coalition, but at this point... after the battle, yeah? After all-"

"-names are important!" Kazumi completes for you, sliding a look Mami's way for approval.

Mami chuckles lightly. "Names *are* important, so let's all think of one to share after we finish the fight," she says. "Now, as Sabrina said - let's get this done."

You're the first up. Time and space, opportunity and positioning. The keys to a battle, and here, your role is to chivvy the teams together, and to shift them on individual platforms.

Team Aleph takes to the skies, positioned on a platform high above the central superstructure of Iowa, far above the radar spars and in perfect position to rain down devastation. They are, literally, the overwatch team. Oriko, for the literal aspect of watching out for danger and calling out shots. Mami provides firepower from above, with Mika and Homura being your quick and quickest response forces.

Mika assures you that she can keep everyone aloft, if it should come to that - and you *know* that Mami can glide, while Homura has her air-step, and Oriko... well, Oriko sounds a little dubious, but concedes that she could conjure enough of her ivy spheres to keep herself airborne in an emergency.

As you send them aloft, Mami's already aiming and firing, golden blasts thundering across the surreal monochrome of timestop and shaking your bones with the shockwave. Turrets, radar, antenna, anti-air emplacements... you don't know how exactly they work under the Iowa girl's powers, but you want to deny her even the sliver of advantage. Mami targets them all, her voice ringing out clear and loud in tandem with streaking golden meteors that lance forward and freeze mid-air, captured in timestop.

Aleph for alpha. Alpha strike.

You stay with them for the moment for easier coordination. You'll be moving soon enough to your own task.

Finally, Mami nods, turning to you.

"Everyone's in place," you murmur. "Homura, on your signal."

She nods tightly. Homura raises her free hand, the shotgun rising to the sky. She exhales once, slowly, amethyst eyes hard, and fires.

*Your* move.

Your move, as an explosion of sparks detonates overhead. You're not sure where Homura *got* Dragon's Breath rounds, but that's a thought for later. Much later.

Team Delta. Iowa's antimagic feeds back to you as nausea, and a lack of fine control, but you can ignore both when all you need is to slam insertion pods home. Massive, car-sized cylinders, solid bulk for protection and acceleration bracing.

Homura cranks her shield.

Colour returns to the world. Sound hammers your ears. The soundscape of a city below you, the roar of cars and people and *life*.

Mika leaps skyward with a joyous cry, the winds roaring around her in a living tornado.

The crash of exploding glass and shriek of metal crumpling like a tin can crushed by an angry god, and you imagine the scene in your mind's eye. The bridge of the USS Iowa, with its occupants. There are three girls there - the 'captain', the weather-seer, and their anti-mage.

Their argument ends with flying glass and carnage as your insertion pods -*drop* pods, to borrow a term- come to a halt. Kyouko leads with a shout and a blur of crimson, Mirai's bears shaking the deck with their footsteps as they back up the girl who might just be one of the finest melee fighters alive. Kaoru takes the flank, her soccerball a deadly thing of ricochets and unrelenting force.

Mami's barrage lands. Explosions erupt as Mami thrusts a hand skyward with a cry, magic flaring bright in empowered detonations that tear into the Iowa.

Kirika, Sayaka, and Kazumi charge in on the melee squad's heels. Anti-*anti*-magic to catch the Iowa girls in a crossfire - their goal is the Iowa's own antimage.

And there your imagination fails. You don't *know* what's happening there. But *there*-

The antimagic flickers, fades, and dies. You squeeze Mami's hand again. You leap, and you soar. Your wings form instantly, nightmare cutting across the sky. A declaration, a warning, a *distraction*.

*You are here*.

The reaction is instantaneous. Tracers stitch rivers of fire towards you, airbursts and puffs of smoke shaking the air. Reformed turrets? Mami reacts instantly, golden shots lancing for the ship - and it becomes a duel. Anything that comes near you, anything that comes near Mami's platform, you swat out of the air as Mami hunts the turrets down.

Yuki's your second wave. A second insertion pod, landing between the Iowa's two great smokestacks, amidst the towering castle of its superstructure. They smash down with enough force to crumple metal, Yuki and Moe and Sasami spilling out in perfect formation. Light and shadow in tandem, and-

Something's wrong.

Light blazes, the searing beam of Sasami's flaring across the decks and across the horizon. A magical girl there -where did she come from?- engaging the Fukushima girls.

"*We've got this,*" Yuki snaps into your mind, tight and controlled. "*Plan continues.*"

She thought she could take over the *Iowa*. And that's where you put her - in position with her friends to watch her back, to pit her will against its summoner for control. She's the best kind of distraction: The kind that is a *threat*.

Just like you.

You tear the Iowa in half.

No grand gestures, no showmanship. You tear the ship in two, taking the rear-most turret with you, and catch it as it begins to fall. The third and last drop pod screams in for a landing. You're hard on its heels.

You break your fall with Grief. The impact sends steel spalling off the deck, a shockwave you ruthlessly bend to your will with a flood of Grief. Both Norikos leap from the drop pod, doubly twinned scimitars flashing in the afternoon light. Akemi and Yuma race to follow, staff and mace ready.

You nod to them, and take off at a sprint.

Grief rips a hole open in the deck ahead of you, a staircase forming under your feet as you leap into the dim red of emergency lighting. Grief surges out ahead of you as you peel the rear half of the Iowa open. More Grief forms a solid plug ahead of you as you charge, shield and offense all in one as you rip holes through the deck to allow your charge. Movement-

"Behind!" Akemi barks.

Sparks fly, shining silver. Noriko's there, two bodies flowing with supernatural coordination, two sets of scimitars moving in hypnotic patterns that are fast and slow all at once, overlapping, endless circles. And her opponent is-

\-gone.

And then you *feel* the blast that shivers through the air. Iowa's main guns speak, the turrets not so much moving as snapping between states - broken, whole, aimed.

At *Mami*.

Your heart seizes within your chest, but this-

This is something you can handle, even from here as you reach out with Grief. A shell. Three shells, sixteen inch shells that push *well* past a ton *each* ripple firing in blasts that shake through the afternoon in resonant booms, shockwaves alone near enough to sweep you from your feet even through the broken decks.

You catch them. And you're not alone in the effort, the howl of winds swirling tight around the shells. You sense the intent and you gladly take the aid - and Mika shears the rounds into pieces with blades of wind that *scorch*, phantom heat and biting cold you feel through your Grief.

"*Miss Tsuruya!*" Oriko barks over telepathy.

"*I'm *trying*!*" Yuki snarls back. "*I don't have control yet!*"

"*Three additional enemies,*" Oriko snaps. "*Stealth specialist. They can teleport in the shi- Sabrina!*"

You sense it at the same moment, a disturbance in your fog of Grief.

Yuma's there with a cry and an overhead strike that trails green in the dim light. The crunch of bone under a mace, the impression of a girl -poncho, turquoise, long white hair- and a scream, and-

She's gone.

More importantly, you don't detect *anyone* in your half of the ship, either, and it's-

It's disintegrating, faux steel bleeding out of reality from beneath your feet.

"*Oriko! Where are the hostages?*" you demand.

"*Working on it!*" she yells back.

"*They got away!*" Sayaka snarls over telepathy. "*Anti-mage secured, other two are gone!*"

---

- [ ] Continue the battle
- [ ] Guess where they've gone
- [ ] Write-in any specific tactics

---

I'm deeply sorry for how long this update took - it's suffered a fair bit of rewriting and such. No vote is *necessary* at this point, but can possibly improve things.
