# Lowlife pt. 20

The half -third, if you're being pedantic- of Iowa you took is falling out of the sky. More importantly, it's *empty* but for you and your squad.

Fine. Time to relocate.

"We're moving!" you snap at your friends. Yuma, Noriko, Akemi. They close around you, Grief blossoming in a solid disc beneath your feet.

More Grief surrounds you, floods the ship segment. The rear end of the Iowa - propulsion, one turret, just about fifteen thousand tons of faux-steel and mass. It's already disintegrating, metal stretching thin over the fabric of space and time. You're not sure if it'll be fully gone by the time it hits the ground, but then, you're not going to *let* it be a problem.

A billion, *trillion* specks of Grief sharpen to impossible edges for an instant.

You leave confetti drifting in the wind behind you as you lift skyward. Perhaps that hurt the Iowa girl, perhaps it didn't, but that's not your concern for the moment.

The ship's reforming, armour and steel shimmering into place as a ghost-form.

Both forward turrets reform, in that same camera-shutter stutter. A tripled roll of thunder, the shockwave shuddering through the air in the wake of the fore turret ripple-firing.

There, and *away*.

Some instinct has you turning your head away. Light blooms bright and pure, a solid beam of light that lances out from within the Iowa and over the horizon. Sasami, then, still fighting. *Inside* the ship, judging from the way the blast cored a turret from the underside before it got to fire.

Mami meets the shells in flight with her own, golden thunderbolts crashing down from above in an explosion of ribbon. The indigo flare of magic you think is Umika's joins the gold, detonating the shots and *containing* the blast. And if Mami's got the shells handled, then it's your turn to do something about the turret.

You surge towards the ship, Grief disc bucking beneath your feet. Your nanofog too boils forward, and you rip the turret from the ship, for all the good that it'll do, and-

"We're going to the main half of the ship," you yell over the roar of the wind, switching mental channels for a moment. "*Miss Akiyama! Is there anything happening in Mitakihara?*"

"*All clear,*" Atsuko drawls.

Yuma's eyes snap up at your words, her attention torn away from the cloud of shredded remains - which are increasingly translucent, as if some *essence* is being leeched away. But that's a thought for slightly later. Here and now, you give Yuma a firm nod and an approving grin, because she's done *amazing* so far.

And it seems to help a little, the nervous jitter of her fingers along the haft of her mace easing a little. Noriko and Akemi catch your eye too, both of them looking anxious, but ready. Akemi offers you a measured, steady nod in turn - they're ready to head back into the fray.

You exhale, and face forward once more as you vector towards the bulk of the ship.

If Oriko's right -if they have a stealth specialist- then you might find them the brute-force way. Check first. Nanofog pours through the corridors of the ship, slashing past bulkheads and pipes and maintenance spaces. The layout feels... familiar to you. Somewhere in the back of your mind, you *know* that inch for inch, it's a perfect replica of the Iowa.

In layout, at least.

"*They've disengaged,*" Yuki's voice is crisp and unruffled. "*No casualties on either side so far. Encountered one girl with super-strength and flight, another with some kind of... mixture of powers, fire, ice, illusions, that sort of thing. Someone else is teleporting them within the ship, seems similar to my own powers.*"

"*Right,*" you say, vectoring towards the main bulk of the ship. You glance up to Mami, still on her platform and still duelling with the Iowa - but it seems that she's weathered it well, as outgoing fire from the ship slackens. "*Do you think you can try to take over the ship?*"

"*Returning to the attempt,*" Yuki says.

"*Alright. Sayaka, Kyouko?*" you say, shifting mental gears.

"*Hit and run,*" Sayaka says. "*Teleporting in for a few hits, then teleporting out.*"

"*Change the game!*" Kazumi calls. "*They have too much power in here. We're gonna get outta here - we've got one of their girls!*"

"*Good call,*" you say. "*I'll come in for a-*"

Ripples pushing through your Grief.

"Incoming!" you bark out loud. Grief shimmers out ahead of you, disc congealing out of thin air to shield you. A feint, you realise a heartbeat later as three girls soar *over* the disc, one touching down briefly on the very edge.

Very much her mistake. Grief surges up around the girl, a flood of dark purple. The poncho girl from earlier, her face pulling into a glare as she tries to leap back, but it's rather too late because her foot's already bound in place *but*-

One of the girls plunges right for you, a blur of white silhouetted against the ocean-grey of Iowa. Grief. More Grief ahead to you as Noriko moves to intercept in a blur of metal, whirling sheets of shining silver that mean *nothing* as the white-clad girl ploughs right through. The blades *bounce*, shallow lacerations as Noriko savages at her and-

The air congeals around her, Grief forming around her body in layers of fractal patterns, but-

The breath whooshes from your lungs as you're hurled backwards by two fists driving right into your solar plexus. Grief wasn't enough to stop her, the girl -white and gold and a cape, discount Power Girl, knockoff *of* a knockoff- bulling right through with a flare of magic and brute force, forcing Yuma to dive aside.

You ignore the pain, pushing it aside. You might have a few broken ribs.

"*Sabrina!*" Mami's concern bleeds through her mental voice, her barrage halting momentarily.

"*I've- we've got this, Mami,*" you respond to her, and switch mental tracks. "*Aleph - find them! Use Homura's power if necessary!*"

You *do* have this. The girl knocked you off the platform, but that's *fine*. She's a flyer, but so are you.

"*They're inside the ship,*" Oriko snaps. "*Under the big tower, behind a lot of armour. Not sure about the hostages. Their stealth is blurring everything.*"

"*One of them's a... power enhancer,*" Umika adds, her mental voice clipped and strained. "*Wasn't sure until now.*"

You borrow a trick from Mami, and tear the girl away with Grief. Grief, Grief, more Grief, wrapped around her body and hauling her *away* from you. Akemi and Noriko are embroiled in their own fight, the other two girls piling into them. Your wings explode from your back once more to keep you aloft and now-

*Now* you're on the offense. Grief blades slash through the air, impossibly sharp and just managing to draw blood, but that's enough to distract her for a split second, and-

-your mind is *inhumanly* capable of multitasking, more blades finding targets in the other two girls. Wizard-girl and poncho-girl, you mentally tag them just from their attire, and *they* have far less luck against your blades, Yuma and Noriko and Akemi pressing advantage. You can afford them more, with the platform sliding under their feet to offer them purchase while you try to drop the floor out from beneath the attackers-

-but then not-Power Girl is diving right at you through the storm of blades, snarling as she pushes through with raw ferocity and magic. Blades flatten against her skin, a creeping growth of nightmare purple surging over her body to bind and trap and *hold* her, her magic surging incandescent as she fights back.

Her struggles slow and still as you accrete more Grief around her, burying her in a van-sized lump.

The fight's not over yet. You leave her behind, piling on more Grief, as you dive right for the fight still ongoing. The two attackers are holding their own despite Yuma and Noriko and Akemi *and* you, your blades and mace bouncing off shimmering fields of force and replied to with blasts of flame or ice or dodged with perfect, precise little slips.

Blood flows freely from a number of wounds, and wizard-girl's picked up a broken arm that doesn't seem to have slowed her down as she flicks a blast of rainbow light in your direction, forcing you to dodge. They're standing on air now, hounded by your allies as you streak towards them. They can fly, evidently, and-

"*Heads up,*" Kyouko drawls.

You spot it.

And then you apply a pair of angry bears to them. Neither of them are *expecting* you to slam two bears on them, razor-sharp claws flashing in the light and-

-you slam face-first into a steel wall.

You reorient in a heartbeat, which is a good thing, because there is a pistol to the back of your head. Grief in the works, gumming up the barrel and the mechanism -not a real pistol, *magic*- but it fires *anyway*. You catch the bullet with Grief, shredding it. More Grief. You smash the pistol aside as you whirl, hammer flashing to your hand and nanofog boiling around your attacker.

Admiral's uniform, pristine black. Gold buttons and gold braid and a hat and another pistol already rising towards you, green eyes cold.

Attacker*s*.

Hand-in-hand, the other girl in a green bodysuit, face set in a rictus of concentration-

-and they're gone.

"*Sabrina!*" Mami's voice sounds once more inside your head, panic and terror blending together.

"*I'm fine, Mami, I- what's happening?*" you say, dropping into a wary crouch as you look around. You're in a... dining hall, you think? What might have been a dining hall. Long tables and benches of drab institutional beige, steel bulkheads. Your nanofog says you haven't moved, but you're somehow *inside* the Iowa.

"*The ship's on top of you!*" Mami says. She's not that far away from you, or rather, she's within your range still, and you can offer her comfort, with Grief coalescing around her shoulders and squeezing gently. The closest thing you can deliver to a hug at range.

Your mind races. You haven't been moved. You can sense your friends - Noriko and Akemi and Yuma not that far away from you, *through* the bulkheads. They're fighting.

"*Got our friends,*" Mika grunts. "*Where do we want 'em?*"

The entire Iowa reoriented on top of you, you realize. There one moment and *here* this instance - the same stop-motion of the turrets firing. Which means Sayaka, Kyouko, the others must have been left with the deck suddenly vanished from beneath their feet as the Iowa was no longer *there*.

"*Can you break out, Sabrina?*" Mami asks.

"Now, now," a silken voice issues over the speakers. "Before you do anything hasty, Miss Vee -that *is* you, correct?- you should think about what we might do to your *friends*."

But you-

-you know where your friends and allies are. You can sense them, Mami and Homura and Oriko and Umika still high in the air, Yuki dropping to the foredeck with a murderous look on her face and her team behind her. Sayaka and Kyouko and Yuma and Noriko and Akemi and everyone else-

-the hostages.

Oriko couldn't find them, but-

"*Oriko,*" you snap. "*How deep inside the ship are they? Same place?*" You shift mental gears. "*Sayaka? You girls clear?*"

You know where the citadel is, you think. Which means you can break it.

"*Yes, the same place-*" Oriko responds, *her* voice tight and pinched. "*I can guide Miss Koizumi on target if you need a breakout.*"

"*We're clear!*" Sayaka calls. "*We've got you, coordinating with Mami, just a moment-*"

**\[X] Continue the battle
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Ugh. Honestly, I'd wanted to end the primary combat scene this update, but my muse struggled a bit, and I'm breaking this into, hopefully, one more post. As before, no vote is *necessary* at this point, but can possibly improve things.
