# Lowlife pt. 22

You stare down at the Iowa as the battlefield falls silent, the low rumble of the city reasserting itself, even this high up. You can see Mandalay and the landscape *through* the sections of the ship, floating plates of metal held aloft by will and Grief. Mika's still airborne amidst a great, roaring gale that's holding up the two furthest ends of the Iowa.

Well, formerly furthest. She's brought them together, probably for ease of handling. Seeming to notice your look, she offers you a jaunty salute, silhouetted against the sun.

The city seems curiously unbothered, all things considered. No sirens or anything. You're pretty sure that their antimage had been keeping up some kind of perception filter to hide their activities -and to keep *specifics* of those activities from leaking to prospective targets- but *without* that field up... You're going to point a mental finger at Kyuubey.

The hostages. You've got all three of them on a platform of Grief, floating free to the side of the Iowa. You'll need to get to them in a moment, but for now, they all seem dazed, barely stirring. You've *got* a moment, you hope, and one of the things you need to do is to figure out what the Iowa girls *did* to them. They'd been staging their own breakout attempt with their own antimagic, and then... nothing.

Three prisoners, mired in massive, lumpy blobs of Grief. All three have gone still, their struggles stilled for now, and for that, you clear their faces so they can see. You keep plenty of Grief nearby as nanofog, though, ready to slam down on a moment's notice. You... rather hope that they're not claustrophobic.

None of them *look* like they're having a breakdown, though all three seem rather concerned. And scared.

You *also* hope that knockoff Power Girl doesn't have laser vision. You wouldn't be *entirely* surprised, though, so just to be sure, you thicken the concentration of Grief around her face.

Rising with you into the sky are Noriko, Akemi, Yuma... and Homura, the latter of whom you're a tad worried about. *Homura* didn't hesitate to put shots into that girl with the backlash power, but when that means that she'd taken those same shots in return, well. You can't help but worry.

Thankfully, Yuma's seen to the injuries at least, and you'll have to thank her for that later.

The rest of Iowa... their antimage, the first to be taken out, remains lying on the platform currently occupied by Oriko and Kirika - Mami and Homura having both left it. Umika too, leaping off towards the Iowa to join the other Pleiades. You're not sure what Umika did to the antimage, and you're... a touch concerned, now that you take a closer inspection - even her Soul Gem's quiescent.

And then there's the captain and her entourage, deep within the bowels of the Iowa. Layers and layers of bulkheads and armour and individual components floating free obscure them from your view, but with the simple saturation of Grief in the area, that's not exactly a problem to you.

You can't *see* 'em, not from your vantage point, but you sure as hell can sense them. Sense *her* in particular, a dull, simmering throb of power smoldering against your senses. The floor beneath them is still held by her power, straining against the weight of your Witch-construct.

She turned her weapons on her hostages the moment the fight turned for the worse against her. You're *not* inclined to let that slide.

Neither is Sayaka, from the looks of it. She's forced the surrendered girls down to their knees, binding them with ribbons, while the rest of your friends guard them. They've got it well in hand for now, you think, though you worry about whether the Iowa girls are spiteful enough to try their hands at sabotage.

"*Miss Tsuruya,*" you say. "*I'll be there in a moment, but can you make sure that they're not in a position to, ah, disclose certain facts about magical girls?*"

"*Certainly,*" Yuki says.

Mami crashes into you, arms going around you in a tight, *tight* hug as her ribbons wings dissolve.

"Hey, Mami," you say, hugging her back and shifting to support her weight. You dispel your armour of Grief too, the better to soak in her familiar, comforting presence.

"Sabrina," she whispers, burying her face in your chest.

"I'm fine," you murmur. "I'm fine, see?"

Mami stiffens slightly, head popping up to stare at your face, and her grip on you shifts so that she can probe at your ribs with gentle, infinitely careful fingers. You hold still, wincing - not from pain, but from guilt.

"... *Sabrina,*" she says.

"Erm. Right," you say. You'd broken your ribs while getting punched, and suppressed the pain, and then completely forgotten it. It's not like a few ribs are a big deal, right? "I, uh, forgot?"

"I..." Mami says unhappily, leaning back so that she can wind her arms around your neck instead. "Let's get you to Yuma?"

"In a moment," you say, smiling softly at her. "I... ribs aside, Mami, I *am* fine. I'm here with you, aren't I?"

Mami reaches up, cupping your face gently and inspecting you carefully, before softening into a smile and holding you close to lean her forehead against yours.

"You were pretty cool out there, Sabrina," Mami says.

"Oh psht, *you're* telling *me* that?" you say, snorting as a grin splits your lips. "You took on one of the biggest of the big gun battleships to exist and you *won*."

"I couldn't have done it without your support," Mami says, smiling. "Besides, they were fighting at a disadvantage, thanks to Homura's help."

"Nope, I don't accept that," you say, winking at Mami. "You're awesome, and that's final."

Mami laughs, leaning into your arms. "I... well, as much as I would prefer to stay like this forever, we're... on a schedule, aren't we?"

"Yeah," you admit. "That we are. Alright, mm." You flick your eyes out to catch Homura's eye, starting to descend towards the Iowa once more. You should probably look them in the eye, at least.

"*How's it looking, everyone?*" you say, reaching out telepathically.

"*We're goooood,*" Kirika says. Your eyes flick over to Oriko and Kirika's platform, where they're curled up together while keeping a wary eye on their prisoner.

"*One moment...*" Sayaka mutters. "*Sabrina, you can disable the... whatchamacallit, the thingy you've got preventing 'em from tweaking the ship, right? Uh, not right away, but when we need to? Captain here says she can't dismiss the ship unless we do that.*"

"*Yes please,*" Mika says cheerfully. "*I've got the bits you dropped here, Miss Sabrina, but I don't wanna hold onto them forever.*"

"*If they move wrong, we gut 'em,*" Kyouko drawls.

"*But before it comes to that, I'll secure them in the building I claimed here,*" Yuki adds, mental voice sharp.

"*Yeah, of course I can,*" you say, frowning slightly. "*That makes sense, since I was trying to lock down her manipulation of the ship. You're sure you can suppress their magic, Miss Tsuruya? I won't be able to reform the interdictor quickly; I only had so much enchanted Grief at hand.*"

"*I can't suppress their magic - I'll need help for that, or rely on force of arms. But within my domain, I can certainly prevent her from manifesting the Iowa,*" Yuki says. "*I wasn't able to take over their ship, but that was a misunderstanding of the nature of her powers.*"

"*OK, that should be fine, then,*" you say. "*I... mm. Hm. OK, first, Mika, I can take the bow and stern bits of the Iowa, just drop them on top of the pile. Second, I think what we need to do is split up - hostage party and, uh, interrogation party. Miss Tsuruya, can I trouble you to take the lead on the latter?*"

"*... certainly,*" Yuki says, sounding surprised.

"*I need to be on the hostage party,*" you say, semi-apologetic. "And\* I need to stay here to keep the Iowa up, in any case, and I can speak... well, whatever they speak, most likely Burmese? I guess they might speak English, but that's not quite likely? Er. On that note, you *do* speak English, Miss Tsuruya?\*"

"*Of course. Can I request some additional manpower?*" Yuki says. "*Do you have any particular notable points for me to check on, other than finding out about their previous target and any possible stragglers?*"

"*You speak fucking Burmese?*" Kyouko asks.

"*Pretty sure, yeah,*" you say as you drift down beside the Iowa's hull, laying a hand against the scorch marks from Sasami's laser blasts. They're still warm to the touch. "*Uhm. Homura, Sayaka, uh... Kirika, Oriko, Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito? Can I trouble you girls to help Miss Tsuruya with interrogating the Iowa girls? And everyone else with me for checking up on the local girls?*"

You speak to Yuki alone at the same time, hurried, parallel conversation to save time. "*Why, how, where, what, when. Why did they do what they did, how -by which I mean their powersets, which Sayaka will be able to help with- and if... if there are any survivors in their last few raiding locations.*"

"*Understood,*" Yuki says. "*Eminently reasonable.*"

"*I'll go with 'em,*" Umika volunteers. "*I can help lock them down, and I can check if they're telling the truth. It'll make up for my not contributing much to the fight.*"

"*Me too!*" Mirai says. "*I'll help with transport and keeping them under guard.*"

"*Umi, that's not true and you know it,*" Kazumi says.

"*I can contribute more there, Kazumi,*" Umika says fondly. "*And I'll be back as soon as we're done, right?*"

"*And, ah... if Miss Misaki and Miss Wakaba are going to help there, perhaps Akemi and I could stay behind and help with talking to the girls we'd helped?*" Noriko ventures. "*I... I think we could help offer some perspective.*"

"*Uh...*" you say. Dammit. You'd picked out those of your friends who happen to know about the Witchbomb, but that leaves you without a good excuse to offer.

"*If you're worried about certain facts, I can handle that,*" Yuki mutters to you privately.

"*Hrm. Should be fine, then,*" you say, in response to Yuki as much as to Umika and Mirai. Mami smiles quizzically at you, but you just smile back, and shake your head, shrugging before responding to Yuki. "*Right. Mirai, and Umika don't know, everyone else going with you does.*"

"*Understood,*" Yuki says.

As you speak, you draw Homura's -and Noriko, Akemi, and Yuma's- platform alongside yours, along with Oriko and Kirika's. *And* the hostages too, geeeently bringing them alongside you. Mika touches down a moment later, waving.

"Hey," you say, easing back from the hug with Mami so you can face them, beaming. "You did great out there, and..." You squint at Homura, noting the bloodstained *holes* in her costume - two in her torso, and one messily truncated sleeve. Underneath that is just pale, unblemished skin, courtesy of Yuma, but even so.

"You all alright?" you say, looking from face to face. Noriko took hits, you know that much, and Akemi might have too. "All of you?"

"I hardly did anything during the battle itself," Oriko says, shaking her head.

Homura nods at you, steady and measured. She looks... relieved, really, the slightest bit of tension eased from her shoulders, but you can't help but notice the way she angles herself to watch Oriko and Kirika, still ready to spring into action if need be.

You smile at her, trying to convey gratitude and gladness to her.

"We're fine," Akemi says, nodding and smiling at Yuma. "Miss Chitose healed us up nicely."

"Yuma is OK!" Yuma says, bouncing happily on her toes.

"Speaking of, Miss Chitose, could you heal Sabrina, please?" Mami says.

"Ah! Yes!" Yuma says, sticking a hand out towards you. Emerald light floods out, coolness settling into your skin and leaving you feeling lighter. Refreshed, even, and as you ease back on the pain suppression, you find that your breathing comes clear and smooth, not even the slightest twinge of pain or aches left.

"Thank you, Yuma," you say, smiling.

Yuma nods, looking determined. "Miss Homura took some really nasty hits too!" she says. "But she saved us."

"I'm glad," you say, nodding. "Er, not about Homura taking the hits."

"I'd have gotten that girl eventually," Noriko grumbles, rubbing her four forearms.

"I'm happy to help!" Yuma says happily, pulling a Grief Seed out of her pocket to cleanse with, then offering it up to you - you've been actively draining everyone's Soul Gems *except* Kyouko and Yuma's, out of deference to Kyouko's preferences.

Akemi chuckles quietly, eyeing the exchange.

"I have to say," Akemi notes. "I could get used to fighting without having to worry about my Soul Gem." Her smile falters a little as she finishes the sentence, Noriko taking her hand.

"It's what I'm here for," you say. "Alright, so... let's not keep everyone waiting. The local girls..."

You bring the last platform alongside as you speak, and you hurry over to check on them, guilt and worry now gnawing at your gut. They're *not* unconscious, you can tell that much by the movement of their magic, and yet-

They haven't moved.

The local girls lay eerily still on the platform, their eyes open and staring at you as Mami hurries up beside you. Akemi grabs Noriko's wrist, pulling her back and muttering something like 'don't crowd them' in her ear.

They look like sisters, the three of them. Darker skin and long, straight hair in shades of deep blue, greasy and unkempt as if they hadn't had the opportunity to wash in a while - one of them looks like she might have worn them as braids before their captivity. Three sets of wide, terrified eyes staring up at you in mingled fear and hope, and at a guess, two of them are around your age and the last might be thirteen or fourteen.

"Uh-" you switch to burmese, kneeling carefully beside the youngest one. "I'm Sabrina Vee, I'm here to help. Can you understand me?"

Three sets of eyes widen, and three terrified voices burst into your head.

"*Please don't hurt us-*"

"*We can't move-*"

"*Please, we can't do anythin-*"

"Easy, easy," you say, even as you check their Soul Gems, cleansing them once more just to be absolutely sure. The rate of buildup... isn't exactly reassuring. "You're safe now. I promise. We've taken down the Iowa girls, and we'll get you out of this soon. Do you know what they did to you?"

"*We don't know, it was the red one, she- she did something to us and we all just fell over-*"

You bite your lip thoughtfully, and switch back to Japanese. "Mami? Yuma? Is there anything wrong with them?"

"It's nothing magical," Mami says, shaking her head.

"Yuma can't tell," Yuma says, worried frown crossing her brow. She kneels down too, taking one of the girls' hands and patting it gently, emerald magic flickering around her.

"We'll figure it out," you promise as gently as you can.

"*Sabrina, we're ready to get out of here,*" Sayaka mutters to you. "*Can you open it up?*"

"*I... yeah, sure, let's figure that out,*" you say, grimacing. You speak out loud once more in burmese. "Uh- we're going to finish sorting out the Iowa girls, alright? And I'll get them to tell us what they did to you."

You shuffle everyone around, and then you shuffle the Iowa sections around to open a path to the interior. Plates unfurl like a flower, bulkheads and armour pieces alike forced to lie flat against each other to form a metal-lined tunnel leading into the core of the ship.

The procession that makes its way out to join you is an odd one: Sayaka in the lead, along with Kaoru. Six Iowa girls, shuffling single file while flanked by the heavy, stomping tread of Mirai's bears. Another Sayaka follows immediately behind with Kyouko at her side - Kyouko with spear slung over her shoulder and irritated scowl carved into her face, and then Kazumi and Umika and Mirai and Yuki and Sasami and Moe.

More than the physical threat, though, is the fact that Sayaka's holding their Soul Gems, a grim look on her face.

You get your chance to look over the Iowa girls for the first time.

Their captain takes the lead, hard-eyed and unbowed as she strides forward. Her costume is an admiral's uniform in stark black, as you'd noticed before - when she'd tried to shoot you, that is. Gold braid and trimming and a pair of white gloves add splashes of colour, and a peaked cap with empty Soul Gem mounting on the badge completes the look, pristine and crisp even in defeat.

She's older than you, you think, maybe eighteen or so. And she's taller than you, too, so when she stops in front of you, she's looking down at you. Glaring. Glaring, with sharp, obsidian black eyes and simmering fury written in the lines around her eyes and the set of her jaw. You match her gaze evenly, and you find your own anger rising to meet hers, your own measure of wrath. She'd turned her weapons on the helpless - and she's gotten where she is today by killing. Her and the rest of her crew.

"You know what? I don't have time for a pissing contest," you say, not looking away. "What did you do to them?"

Holding your gaze still, she hawks, and spits.

It doesn't get very far, of course. Even if it weren't for Mami at your side, or Sayaka's saber rising in your defense, or *any* of the anger that flashes across the circle of your friends-

You catch the glob of spit mid-air with Grief, and sigh, leaving it hovering in the air in front of her.

"Really?" you say in English, squeezing Mami's wrist gently and waving everyone else off. Your tone remains mild and almost pleasant, holding none of the anger you feel. "Let me ask you again. What did you do to the girls you'd captured?"

"Figure it out yourself," she drawls. You can't place her accent -American, certainly- but it's definitely the voice on the speakers, in the ship. And you can tell she's trying to match your genial tone, but not *quite* managing it, the tremolo of anger lurking in her voice. "Get on with it."

"I... fine," you say, and switch back to Japanese as your frown deepens. "Miss Tsuruya, they're yours. Ah, you'll need help getting everyone back down to the surface-"

"I've got it," Sayaka says, voice tight with anger as she flicks her hand, conjuring a copy of one of your Grief platforms.

"Alright," you say. "And uh, the others..."

The one in red, you'd been told. You spot her at the back of the line, the shortest of their number, with a slender, almost waifish build. Their healer, you're pretty sure, her costume a deep burgundy thing, sleeveless vest and shirt and what you're pretty sure is called a rider's skirt.

You frown at her as you finnagle the transfer of the other four Iowa girls, taking extra care with Power Girl - but with Sayaka keeping her antimagic up and the rest of your group looming, she doesn't make any trouble, quietly filing up along with the rest. A moment later, and they head off, descending towards the city below.

You keep a sharp eye on them as they descend, your nanofog thick around Sayaka's platform as they descend past your range. You're still holding up the fragments of the Iowa, of course, and you hope that Yuki does manage to get the captain to dismiss it soon. And a *name* out of all of them, you can't just keep nicknaming them.

"Sabrina..." Mami murmurs, laying a hand on your arm.

"That was pretty cool," Kyouko admits grudgingly, one hand firmly on Yuma's shoulder, reassuring the younger girl that they're both fine. "Catchin' the spit outta midair, I mean."

"I..." you shake your head, closing your eyes. "*Ugh*. What was the *point*? Nevermind. I've got more important things to handle now."

**\[x] Vote in abeyance
\[] Write-in**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X] Talk to the ex-hostages
\-\[X] Be gentle with them - they've gone through some trauma. Detransform if you think it'll help. Apologize for the witchyness.
\-\[X] Explain who you all are. Make sure they're okay, and offer any help they might need, both immediate healing/cleansing and more long term aid.
\-\[X] Ask if they're willing to talk about themselves and what happened, including whether the lost anyone.
\-\[X] Offer partially/fully cleared seeds (their preference) to help them get back on their feet if they want it.
\[X] Let Madoka and Hitomi know that the dangerous part of things has wrapped up.
\-\[X] Contact Nadia, let her know that Iowa's down and make sure you didn't miss any members.

\=====​

Bah. Had to break this to update in a reasonable timeframe, unfortunately, however, this is an opportunity to fine-tune your approach if necessary. (Feel free to guess at what was done to the local girls - it'll get figured out soon enough, but hey, Sabrina can guess it too!)
