# Lowlife pt. 28

You take a breath and, slowly, start to grin. An alliance, a formal one. Or formal *enough*, anyway: at the core of it, you all started out as *friends*, and friends you remain, just with some responsibilities tacked on top. Even Kyouko's on board, and entirely without fuss from her end.

"Then... I guess we're all more or less agreed, then," you say, looking around the table. Your friends, your allies. "We're in this together."

"We need a *name*," Mami declares, to Kazumi and Mirai's enthusiastic 'Hear, hear!'.

"Agreed!" you say happily, flashing her a bright grin. "So that's something to think about. I was thinking we'd leave it to the end of the meeting, or maybe even next time we meet, so everyone can think about it a bit?"

Mika nods solemnly.

"A name *is* important," she says. "We're an alliance, but we need a common banner to rally around. A name is a starting point."

"Yep," you say. "So... think about it, everyone? And we can discuss it later."

"What else have we got on the 'agenda'?" Moe asks drily. "Solving world hunger?"

"First of all, I'm surprised someone hasn't made a Wish about that yet, second of all, don't you air quote at me," you say, grinning at her. "I bet we could, if we put our minds to it, and it sure as hell is a worthy goal."

"I've got plant powers," Sayaka muses. "I could maybe engineer something... mm, the problem is distribution, right? Immediate localization of production..."

"If you think about it, ending world hunger already *is* one of our goals," Oriko says, nodding in your direction. "The difference is in what *kind* of hunger to be eliminated."

"Fine, fine, we can add world hunger to the list of problems to be solved," you say, grinning. "I mean, honestly, it's a pretty good goal, and it makes a better segue into my next point: we have rapid transport, and effectively unlimited magic to spend. Curing cancer and fixing world hunger might honestly be just the *start* of what we can do together, but... there's *so much* we can do."

"You certainly don't want for ambition, Miss Vee," Yuki observes, but the sharp smirk and glowing interest in her eyes belies the jab.

"As I said, we can start with taking over the family company," Mika says, grinning.

You snort.

"Why *should* I dream small?" you ask, spreading your arms. Mami sways out of the way, an amused smile on her face. "But *anyway*, to drag this back to my point: we can accomplish a lot if we put our minds to it, and we should like... actually formalize something towards that end, if we're all for it. Maybe not this meeting, but we can think about it and talk about it next meeting?"

"One goal per person?" Akemi suggests.

"Or something like that," you say. "And... mm. So, I suppose one of the things we should think about is a broad... charter? A mission statement?"

"It sounds like you have something in mind?" Umika asks.

"Yeah, I do," you say, leaning forward in your chair. "Building on what I just said, well... mutual aid. To each of us, from each of us, to help everyone accomplish their goals, and beyond that, to *help* all magi survive and prosper, to use magic to help humanity at large. How does that sound?"

"It sounds like what we already agreed to," Noriko says. Akemi elbows her. "Perhaps a bit broader than initially mentioned?"

"It does," Mika says. "But that's how formalizing something works! I'm all for it."

"Yeah, mm. We don't have to formalize a real written charter just yet, but I think it's something we should start thinking about?" you say. "Mutual defense within the limits of our abilities, and decent behaviour, that kind of thing. And like... our overarching goal is to *help*. But only to what each person can *do*."

You wave your hand vaguely.

"Like... the United Nations feeds hungry children, but it doesn't ask 'em to memorize and forward the United Nations Charter or whatever," you say. "By analogy. We help those who need it. And if you can't give anything back, that's fine. We're just gonna ask you to be a decent person. Right?"

Sayaka laughs shakily.

"Hey, can I say something?" she asks.

"Go ahead?" you say.

"I..." Sayaka starts, then closes her mouth. After a moment, she pushes her chair back and stands. "OK, like. This feels *big*. I mean, magical girl United Nations! Just think about it, it's something that could change the *world*, and we're going to make it *real*. We're all just teenagers mostly but why *shouldn't* we dream big? This all sounded better in my head and I didn't think of a conclusion, but... yeah! That's what I wanted to say."

She drops back into her chair.

"We've all been focused on survival, for so long," Akemi murmurs. "We don't. Not any more."

"Indeed, Miss Saito," Mami says, smiling. "I think we're all broadly in agreement, then?"

You beam, bright and wide as the agreements roll in.

"Thanks, everyone," you say. "I... you know what? One day, ten years down the line, twenty years, we're gonna look back on this moment and laugh, because we didn't have any idea what we were doing. We don't even have anything properly written up yet, even."

"I can help there!" Mika says. "I mean, I've got the experience. But as Miss Akemi says, let's not borrow trouble for now."

"And we can consult Hitomi and Madoka too," you add quietly. Sayaka and Mami nod, while Homura gives you a searching, thoughtful look.

"Ah, yes," Yuki says. "If we may pivot to another topic - Miss Vee, Miss Akemi, you were working on acquiring a building which I could take possession of in Mitakihara, correct? First of all, I'd like to enquire if there's been any progress on that front, and second of all, I'd like to extend the offer to everyone else. As you've all seen today, among other things, I can transport myself and others between buildings under my power, and it would be beneficial to everyone if I were to establish footholds in your cities."

"Hah, I was going to bring that up soonish, actually," you say, rubbing your nose, then looking to Homura. You'd left it in her hands, after all. "Uhm. So, yeah, Homura?"

"I'm working on it with Hitomi," Homura says, brows knitting slightly as she sits forward. "The district is high value, and acquiring a house there is harder."

"Noted," Yuki says, nodding. A thoughtful frown flickers across her face, and she raps on the table, jugs of water and glasses sliding into existence before you. "That said, Miss Akemi - note that it can be as small as a shed or something similar, if all that's required is a staging area."

You pour yourself and Mami glasses of water, tipping it to Yuki in vague salute and thanks as you sit back to let people think and discuss.

"So you're saying that with Miss Tsuruya's magic, we're going to set up *fast travel*?" Kazumi says, lurching upright with a bright gleam in her eye - she'd discovered at some point how to recline her chair. "Because I am *here* for that."

"And here, and there, and everywhere," Sasami says.

"Not the museum," Mirai says.

"Our apartment?" Kazumi says. She scrubs a hand through her hair, leaving it in even more of a mess than yours is.

"My magic is all or nothing," Yuki says, pursing her lips. "I can't claim a single apartment out of an entire building, and I assume you aren't alone in that building - as I mentioned, however, even a small shed or some such would work, provided it's not currently in use by anyone?"

"Oh! Sure, could do," Kazumi says, grinning. "Later today?"

"Certainly," Yuki says, nodding. "We don't have anything else slated today other than this discussion, and retrieving Atsuko, of course."

"Who's getting kind of bored," Moe notes.

You cough.

"Sorry 'bout that," you say. "Er. Pass on my apologies, I mean?"

"Eh, guard duty's guard duty," Moe says, flapping a hand at you. "She gets it, we get it, and you said you wanted us to be bored, anyway."

"Hm!" Kazumi says. "How 'bout this - later, we head off to Mitakihara with you, pick up, er, Miss Atsuko, and *I* fly me and Umi and Kaoru and Mirai back home, along with Miss Tsuruya and Miss Atsuko? Then I'll find us a building and make us a link that Miss Tsuruya can use to get back here."

That is an *excellent* plan, actually, one that saves you a round trip. Two, even. But it's one that's not *your* decision to make, so you hold your hands up and motion towards Yuki to let her respond.

"I would be amenable," Yuki agrees. "With the only concern being that Miss Nakano might have a building to be claimed too, so perhaps a diversion might be in order?"

"Mm... would *absolutely* be nice, but not necessary today?" Mika says. She considers it for a matter, then nods decisively. "If anything urgent comes up, I can just fly in. Not a problem for now."

"Then I'm entirely amenable to accompanying you to Asunaro and making a claim there, Miss Michiru," Yuki says. She smiles slightly as she pours herself a glass of water. "It would be nice to see Asunaro, in any case. Additionally - Miss Akemi, Miss Vee, I understand that you have reasons for wanting me to claim a specific building, but there's no reason I can't have more than one claim in Mitakihara? It's your choice, of course."

"Uh..." you scratch your head, exchanging a look with Mami, Sayaka, and Homura. "I guess it never occurred to us -not to me, anyway- that it was an option on the table. Then again, I suppose the last time we were discussing the matter was when we were still kind of new to our alliance?"

"True enough," Yuki says. She waves a hand dismissively. "In any case, it's an option on the table."

"Gotcha. We'll discuss it and get back to you later," you say. "And uh... OK, speaking of your power, and buildings in general, and to be absolutely clear I'm only about half joking here, would you consider a moon base?"

Yuki tilts her head to the side, absolutely nonplussed.

"I'm..." You wave your hands vaguely skyward. "Look, I can definitely *get* us there. We don't actually *need* to breathe, but we can crib something from NASA designs or something. If I can fab up some kind of structure, I can tow it up there, too, maybe assemble it in place. We can put it on the far side of the moon and bury it under the regolith, nobody'll notice it. It's... not *impossible*?"

"I, ah," Yuki says. "I've never thought about it before. I... have no idea? The distance might be too great?"

She doesn't sound certain at *all*, a far cry from her usual self-assurance, but there's a gleam of *interest* in her eyes and a slowly growing smile on her face.

"... but I would love to make the *attempt*," she finishes.

"We'll pencil it in, then!" you say.

Mika raises a hand.

"Hey, unrelated question," Mika says. "I suppose I should have asked this one earlier, but in joining this alliance, am I making additional enemies? I wouldn't say it changes my decision, but I'd rather not be blindsided."

"Ah, yes," Yuki says, clasping her hands on the table in front of her. "I'll give the same answer as I did the last time - I don't foresee it becoming an issue from my end. We always made it a policy to keep our jobs... clean, as much as possible. We made mistakes, of course, Sendai, for example. That said, I can't think of anyone who would be *willing* to attack us."

Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Kyouko giving Yuki a thoughtful, dubious look. You can't quite blame her for the doubt, either - it's a thought that's been niggling at the back of your mind. Of everyone here, Yuki's group is perhaps the one with the most exposure working with other groups around Japan, for better or for worse, and yes, she'd given that same spiel when *you* had asked that question too, but it might be worth looking into at some point to preempt problems.

But that's a thought for later, and for private discussions, perhaps.

"Nothing from our end!" Kazumi chirps. "We've kept to ourselves."

"Nor from us," Akemi says. "We... we weren't really notable, either."

"And as for us..." you wince. "I mean. Why are we here again?"

"For the same reason that I keep my Clear Seed hidden and safe?" Mika says with a grin. "Nah, I expected *that* much. Cool! I'm fine with all that."

"Ah, yes, uh. On that note - Miss Nakano, we'll be meeting with the Tokyo Council tomorrow," you say. "Completely optional, but if you want to come along?"

"Right, *them*," Kazumi says. "They're snooty."

"Snooty, and one of the biggest group of magical girls in Japan," Mika points out, frowning thoughtfully. "I'd love to be there."

"Fantastic," you say gravely. You take a breath, closing your eyes to think for a second, and then nod. "Alright. Unless anyone else has any other matters, then I think that brings us to the last issue for today's impromptu first executive meeting - what is this the First Executive Meeting *of*?"

"The Constellation!" Kazumi says immediately, slamming her hands on the table.

"Mages' Association!" Sayaka adds.

"The Spanish Inquisition," Kirika says, also contributing her own table slam with an excited gleam in her eyes. "Iowa sure as hell didn't expect us!"

"Spain is literally on the other side of the planet," Sasami mutters.

"So it's even *more* unexpected!" Kirika crows happily.

"Mami's Exceptionally Grand and Ultra Cool Alliance," you suggest. In English, of course. "MEGUCA for short."

"Sabrina," Mami says, putting her hand on your face.

"'Sabrina' doesn't sound like a good name for an organization," Noriko observes. "No offense."

"None taken," you mumble, your voice muffled by Mami's hand.

"Hope Foundation?" Kaoru offers.

"I think that's already taken," Mirai says. "I mean, it's gotta be."

"I would suggest something that avoids direct reference to magic in the name?" Mika says. "For subtlety value, and... future-proofing, it would be easier to do *business* business if we have a legit name we can register as a company. 'course, we could just have a fake name for that."

"I suppose that rules out Mahoukyoukai," you say, pouting.

"I do actually like 'Hope Foundation'," Yuki muses. "Hope Coalition? Hope Federation?" She shakes her head, frowning.

Sayaka snickers.

"Hey, don't you have a business card already?" she says, nudging Mami. "Sabrina made one, right? 'White Ribbon'. That could work too - it's super innocuous."

You smile, sitting back and letting the discussion wash over you. Mami removes her hand from your face and leans against you, her eyes sparkling as she listens, too.

---

- [ ] Meeting wrap-up
- [ ] Any last points to raise?
- [ ] Heading back to Mitakihara!
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

So! Apologies once more for the weird break point, but I wanted to update today rather than tomorrow.

Also, this is the point to throw out all the name suggestions - I'll be taking some for general suggestions from the others. (There are two hard problems in programming...)
