# Lowlife pt. 29

You lean back, chair creaking slightly behind you as it reclines backwards, and you just... let the discussion wash over you for the moment. Peace amidst chaos, of a sort - it's a welcome chaos, of a lighthearted decision and a rousing debate. An *important* decision, but a lighthearted one nevertheless.

"-Starlight Coalition!"

"Not bad, but if we're going for star themeing I do think I prefer Constellation," Sasami opines.

"Do we want to be Googleable?" Noriko asks. "If yes, it can't be *too* generic."

"We have international ambitions, and not just in magical girl society, don't we?" Mika asks. "If yes, then we want to be Googleable."

"Fondazione della speranza?" Mami offers. "It's, um, Italian for Hope Foundation."

Mami all but *glows* with happiness, gesturing with her free hand even as her opposite hand remains interlaced with yours. Golden eyes flicker over to you, delight dancing in her gaze. You beam back at her, brushing your thumb over the back of her hand.

"Possible..." Yuki muses. "But we *are* based in Japan, or at least we started here. Our name should... if not reflect that, then not mislead?"

"Hm..." Mami nods thoughtfully. "True enough."

"I still think 'White Ribbon' would be good," Sayaka says, pouting.

"Too much of an injoke," you say, and grin at Sayaka. "As much as I appreciate the support, it's probably not a good name for the whole organization. How about... Morning Rescue?"

"... What, like the drink?" Kaoru says, tilting her head.

"Copyright issues," Kazumi points out. "But I kind of like the general idea?"

"Dawn's Salvation," Umika suggests. "Dawn's Light? Dawn's Hope... Hah, Morningstar."

"Ew, veto on Morningstar," Sayaka says, cringing a little. "Bad implications."

*That* earns her a sidelong look from you, one that she either doesn't notice or chooses to ignore. But really, she's not wrong, suspiciously angel-related comments aside.

"Brighter Dawn Foundation," you offer. "... Hah, Brighter Future Society."

"Spectrum?" Homura ventures quietly.

You shoot her an encouraging grin.

"Because of our Soul Gem colours?" Sayaka asks, tapping her chin. "I kind of like it. Uh... Spectrum Corporation, Spectrum Foundation, Spectrum Association. Spectrum Union?"

"Grief-B-Gone!" Kirika declares happily.

"That might make a better mission statement than a name, dear," Oriko says fondly.

"Yeah, it kind of *is* our mission statement, eh?" you say, grinning. "Hmm... Seeds of Hope? Or... mm, maybe not - sounds kind of like an agricultural company to outsiders. Hrm."

"There's a certain elegance in something that becomes immediately obvious only to those who are aware of magic," Yuki says, propping her chin on her fist. "In particular if the listener has heard of your Clear Seeds, which is not an unreasonable assumption."

"Actually, on reflection, sounding like an agricultural company might be a feature, not a bug," you say, brushing hair out of your eyes and frowning. "I mean, *sustainability* is our goal, after all, just not in the way people would expect. It gives the right impression, maybe?"

"Sounds too bloody twee," Kyouko grumbles, and you blink in surprise.

Not because you'd forgotten her angry, brooding presence, but because she's... actually *engaging*. And she hasn't actually been snacking this entire time, either, and now that you think about it, she's just been sitting there. Not sulking, just watching, and listening silently.

Which actually bothers you a little, because you're not entirely sure what changed. She'd given you that odd lecture earlier, too, which...

Well, she was trying to tell you something, that much you're sure of. The surface level of people dealing with things differently, obviously. You're not *that* dumb. But you should probably think more about what *else* she was saying, and what *prompted* that? What changed? It certainly wasn't just bringing her along for a good brawl, though burning off some of her resentment probably helped.

You file those thoughts away for now, because the conversation's moved on with the general consensus that there's potential in 'Seeds of Hope' but it might be relegated to a secondary consideration.

"... uh, since we're all throwing out ideas, Time Space Administration Bureau?" Shinobu ventures.

"I thought you said you didn't like that show," Yuki says, raising an eyebrow at Shinobu.

"I don't! I always felt like it didn't do enough to earn its emotional payoffs," Shinobu says, folding her arms.

The sheer intimidation factor of bulging muscle -biceps the size of Yuki's entire *head*- seems to bounce off Yuki, who simply smirks and arches an eyebrow at Shinobu. She's used to it, you suppose, and Shinobu definitely doesn't mean it as such.

"... but it might make a good name," Shinobu finishes lamely, ducking her head. "But, uh, now that I think about it, I guess it's not really fitting. Nevermind."

Yuki pats her arm gently, smiling.

"Negentropy?" you say, picking up the slack for the slightly awkward silence. "Negentropy Union? Negentropy United?"

"Whassat mean?" Kazumi asks.

"Negative entropy, or so I presume," Umika says. "Based on that thing Kyu... based on what *it* says sometimes, correct?"

"Yeah, exactly," you say, bouncing on your chair. "*Magic* is negentropy, we bring forth magic from our souls and with it energy. Liiike, you know, uh, more than half of us can kick off of thin air or do reactionless flight or straight up conjure light or matter or whatever from *literally* nothing? Negentropy."

"Too obscure, perhaps," Mika says. "I don't hate the idea, but... needs too much explanation. We need common appeal, so in the same vein... Infinity Foundation, or something of the like?"

And on the conversation goes, suggestions ranging from Starlight Brigade to The Coven to Mages Without Borders lobbed and shot down. Yuki provides refills of water, while you discreetly check the time - this *is* an entirely worthwhile endeavour, and one that will change the *world*, but you'd love to be able to get back in time to see Nagisa off if nothing else.

"You know," Mami muses, finally. "I think, of all the names we've suggested, I keep coming back to Constellation. It's simple and evocative, of the radiance of our Soul Gems and the hope we want to bring, and the fact that the same stars shine over the whole world."

"And the idea that we *unite* to form a greater whole is entirely implicit in the name," you say thoughtfully. "And it's innocuous enough too. It's... not the most exciting name we could choose, I suppose. Do you think it's too plain, maybe? People'll think we're an astronomy company or something."

Kazumi beams across the table.

"I do agree," Yuki says. "Though I would regard the plainness as a feature of the name. It's innocuous enough that we can discuss it freely."

"Hey, there's worse things to be associated with than *space*!" Kirika says.

"Not just Constellation," Sayaka murmurs thoughtfully, rubbing her chin. "We'll be *The* Constellation."

"I like it," Mika says. "Bold symbology, while being... tastefully understated. I could see it as the name of a proper company, but it's *just* dramatic enough to be cool."

"There's an air of the mythic to it," Noriko says. "All the stars in the night sky, the guiding lights of humanity..."

"... you know what? I can *definitely* live with that. 'Hope Foundation' could be a runner up, but... yeah. The Constellation. Uh..." You purse your lips, looking around the table. "OK, look, maybe in the future we'll want to have formal voting and all that, probably ranked voting or something like that? But just for now, for something like this, shall we just try for a unanimous decision?"

"That sounds reasonable," Oriko says, nodding. "Besides, we are the... founding members, are we not? We should be unanimous on the name and goals of our organization, if nothing else."

Murmurs of agreement around the table. You grin, and nudge Mami, giving her an encouraging look. She rises to her feet.

"Alright!" Mami says, standing with back straight and the gleam of eager anticipation in her eyes. "All in favour of calling ourselves The Constellation?"

"Aye!" The call goes around the table, Kazumi's hand shooting up the quickest, followed by Kaoru and Umika and Mirai and Kirika... even Homura raises her hand, murmuring quiet assent. And finally-

Kyouko rolls her eyes, and grudgingly raises her hand.

"Then it's unanimous!" Mami says happily. "Henceforth, we shall be known as The Constellation!"

"Woo!" Kirika cheers, bouncing to her feet.

"Woo!" Yuma echoes.

"May we accomplish all we set out to do," Yuki murmurs like a benediction. And heck, maybe it is.

You find yourself grinning as you push your chair back and hop lightly to your feet, joining Mami.

"Tomorrow, Tokyo, the day after, Japan!" you declare. "And let's pencil in the world for Monday."

"Yeah! World domination!" Kazumi crows, pumping her fists in the air.

"World domination?" you say, infusing polite disdain to your voice and the furrow of a raised brow. "Oh no, my good lady, we are going for world *optimization*. World domination isn't good enough for us."

"Ah, of course," Kazumi says, nodding solemnly. "My mistake."

"However!" You clap your hands together, smiling. "I think that brings us to the end of our first meeting, unless there's any other business?"

"What, no party?" Mika asks.

"... hm," you say, drawn up short and blinking. "I, uh, didn't even think about that."

"Ennnh," Kirika says, stretching. "A party'd be nice, but..."

"I can respect that," Mika says. "Was mostly a joke, anyway."

"Maybe next time?" you offer.

"Sounds like a plan, then," Mika says, interlacing her fingers and inverting them in a stretch. "I should probably get back home, anyway."

"Alright! Then thank you, Miss Tsuruya, for hosting," you say with a warm smile. "And thank you, everyone, for being here, and coming when I called."

"It was very much my pleasure, Miss Vee," Yuki says, also getting up - and that seems to be the cue for everyone to stand, stretching or shaking themselves out. "So, I'll be accompanying you as far as Mitakihara, and from there joining Miss Kazusa to Asunaro, correct?"

"That's the plan, unless... Homura? Miss Nakano? Any changes of plans on your end?" you say.

"None from me," Homura says, with a slight shake of her head.

"Nah, I'm fine for the moment," Mika says. "But I'll figure out something soonish, yeah."

"Same," you say, nodding. "OK! Let's head up to the- roof, yes, thank you, Miss Tsuruya."

You tilt your face back to the sun, revelling briefly in the warmth and the simple joy of having taken a concrete step forward. And now, if you're lucky, if you rush, you'll be back in time to hang out with Nagisa for just a little while longer. And perhaps it's time to talk to Homura, and it's time to think about Kyouko.

The rush of wind fills your hair as you take to the skies, the Mobile Oppression Fortress formed around you and your friends. The Constellation. It *is* a little plain, perhaps, not exactly exciting, but when it lends itself to turns of phrases like 'the stars fell upon Iowa', you can't *really* complain that much.

Telepathy to let Madoka and Hitomi know you're heading back, and you're sure that Yuki, small and quiet and ever-watchful is in contact with Atsuko too.

Homura, sitting on your left, clears her throat slightly and turns to Sayaka with a raised eyebrow. You give her a curious look, leaning back so that Mami can see too.

"'Imperialist'?" Homura says, just loud enough to be heard over the passage of the wind.

"Eh?" Sayaka says, blinking. "Oh, you mean what I said about the Iowa gang? I mean, it sort of fits."

"No empire, no imperialism," Homura points out.

"I... hm, yeah, imperialism has a certain political aspect to it," Sayaka says, frowning. "Definitely not colonialism either. I suppose raiding or murderhoboing *is* the most accurate description."

"Capitalist slavers?" you offer. "Or, well... I mean, look, if we want a description, 'raiders' is probably the most accurate. If we're looking for a historical analogue, well, Vikings."

"Shut up, Sabrina," Sayaka says. "*You* started this. 'Gunboat diplomacy' my fine ass, it's put imperialism on my brain."

"I'm afraid I'm not following, Sayaka," Mami says, blinking at Sayaka with innocent curiosity. "Your... posterior put imperialism on your brain?"

Sayaka stares at Mami for a long moment in silence, and then transfers her incandescently accusatory glare to you. Then she sticks her nose in the air and pointedly turns away, folding her arms with a huff.

Mami giggles, snuggling into your side. You beam at her, leaning over to press a kiss against her cheek.

"You did *great* today, Mami," you say.

"So did you," Mami says.

You chuckle quietly, and relax as she wraps an arm around you. Your other friends chatter away quietly behind you as Japan unspools beneath you, the familiar greens and greys and browns of fields and mountains and towns a vast tapestry stitched together by roads and traffic. Fukushima's long gone over the horizon, and you'll soon be home.

Home to Mitakihara, and home in time to catch Nagisa, if barely. Four o'clock pickup, Shin had said. You owe him an explanation, too, but perhaps after dinner with the Shizukis.

And sure enough, you spot the great, glittering spires of Mitakihara. Still shrouded by rain - now less a dense curtain, and more a shimmering veil dancing in the afternoon sun. Grief fog billows up ahead and above of you, nudging aside raindrops with careful precision so that none of you get wet.

Atsuko's lounging on the roof of Shimachi Mall, a lounge-chair made of dull metal and shade of steel.

"Hey, Yuki," Atsuko calls in all her untied-laces-glory as you drift in for a landing. She turns to you, expression firming up into professional blankness. "No news to report, Miss Vee. Trailed your friends for a while, but didn't pick up a single damn thing."

"Er, sorry bout that," you say. With a thought, you dissolve your flight platform as everyone steps off, milling about the roof with quiet conversation. It smells of rain here, ozone and something earthy, the concrete of the roof slick under your boots.

"It happens," Atsuko says, rolling her eyes. "I just drew the short straw this time, and you gotta guard your flanks just to be sure."

"Well then... instead, let me say thank you," you say, smiling.

"No prob," Atsuko says, waving and wandering off to join Yuki.

"We'll head off!" Kazumi says, waving. She's already frowning, shadows gathering in her hand and flowing forth to form her copy of your flight platform. "Everyone's expecting us back home. But we gotta hang out properly sometime, yeah? Maybe after Tokyo tomorrow?"

"Speaking of Tokyo," Yuki says. "When will you pick us up?"

"Tomorrow afternoon," you say. "The meeting's at two, so... pickup at one thirty, something like that? Since you're setting up the link for Asunaro?"

"Certainly," Yuki says. "Let me know."

"Can do," you say, smiling. "And again, thank you."

Yuki waves it off.

"Er, Miss Akiyama," Sayaka says, trying to catch the other girl's attention discreetly.

"Yes, Miss Miki?" Atsuko asks, obligingly stepping closer to listen.

"Your shoelaces," Sayaka says.

Atsuko blinks, and then belly-laughs. "*Oh*. No, they're just like that. If I tie them up-"

She loops it into a quick butterfly knot, raises her foot, shakes once, and the laces unravel instantly.

"Oh," Sayaka says, then shrugs. "Eh, it makes sense that it doesn't make sense."

"That's kind of cool," Kazumi says. "What happens if you put a safety pin in?"

"*Boing*," Atsuko says, shrugging.

"Cool!" Kazumi says. "Anyway, all aboard to Asunaro!"

---

- [x] Get back to Nagisa
  - [ ] Anything to say to anyone before they head off?
  - [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

And that's that little excursion wrapped up!
