# Lowlife pt. 30

"Alright!" you say, waving at Kazumi and her friends as they load up on the flight platform, before Kazumi apparently has a brainwave and chases everyone off again. Mirai's bears stomp up and promptly lie down, turning themselves giant mattresses for the Asunaro girls to rest on.

"See ya!" Kazumi says, bouncing back onto the copied flight platform. "We've gotta today this again sometime, and I don't mean tomorrow! I mean, like, without all the politics or fighting. Just hanging out!"

"That sounds like fun," Mami says, smiling. "But I don't know. Fighting for justice isn't such a bad thing, is it?"

"It definitely isn't!" Kazumi says happily as she sprawls out across her friends' laps, Kaoru and Umika and Mirai looking fondly tolerant. "Still, it'll be nice to hang out without the trouble sometime."

"It would!" you say with a smile. "One day soon when we're not all revving up to save the world."

"Sooner than that, even," Sayaka says, elbowing you. "There's a lot of world to save."

"Count me in on that too, sometime," Mika says, green eyes dancing. "Not like travel isn't cheap now, anyway."

"Sooner than that," you amend, stepping back and waving. "Have a safe trip! One last cleansing for the road?"

"I'm good," Kazumi says cheerfully, rolling over and propping her chin on her hands to peer down at you. "Clear Seed back home, anyway."

"On that note," Yuki says, raising a finger and stepping between all of you. "Before we leave, one last matter: the Grief Seeds we took from the Iowa group. I believe we should distribute them evenly among our groups?"

"I assumed we were going to just leave them to you, actually," Mika says with a shrug. "Since you need to take care of the prisoners."

"I certainly wouldn't *object* to the notion, but we all took part in the fight, and it seems only right to share the spoils, such as it is," Yuki says. She reaches into the depths of her cloak, withdrawing a double handful of Grief Seeds.

Eleven Grief Seeds balance on her hands, gleaming under the sullen light filtering through the rainstorm. Eighteen magical girls, four or five or six or seven teams depending on how you count it, which makes distribution a little tricky. Yuki seems to have the same issue too, hesitating slightly as her gaze roams around the group.

"Ah..." Mami clears her throat, stepping forward. "Three for you, Miss Tsuruya, since you'll get the most immediate utility out of them, if only for the prisoners. Two for Miss Nakano, since you'll have to fly back to Ishinomaki by yourself, and three for Kazumi, for the same reason, albeit a longer distance?"

Kyouko eyes Mami, the crimson of her eyes intent.

"And three for your group?" Yuki says, raising an eyebrow. "It hardly seems a fair distribution, by number of magical girls."

You clear your throat.

Mami's smile turns just the slightest bit smug.

"A fair point," Yuki allows.

"We'll just take two," Kazumi says firmly. "Clear Seed back home, and flying's plenty safe. And yes, we're sure. Right, girls?"

"Right!" Mirai says, underscored by the low rumble of the bear she's reclining on.

"Very well, then," Yuki says, and starts handing out Seeds. "Two for you, two for you, four for you-" Mami receives them with a gracious smile as Yuki continues, "-leaving three for me. There."

"Minor note?" you say. "Ah... I think I've mentioned this to most of everyone here, but since we're officially an alliance and everything - *if* it isn't too much trouble, could you, ah, try not to use up the Grief Seeds all the way, if you use them? Fill them up to ninety percent or so, hang on to 'em, and I can refresh them for you."

Every last Grief Seed you can prevent Kyuubey from taking is, you hope, a magical girl you might one day save.

"Can do!" Kazumi says, offering a sloppy salute.

"Mmh," Mika agrees, nodding thoughtfully as she slips the Grief Seeds into the sleeves of her robe.

"Then that's the last matter I wanted to handle before we left," Yuki says. "Shall we, Atsuko?"

"Uh, sure," Atsuko says, blinking.

Yuki joins Kazumi's group on the flight platform, primly taking a seat on one of the chairs instead of on a bear, and waves Atsuko up with her - who in turn dithers for a second before hesitantly seating herself on one of the giant bears.

You snicker quietly to yourself, smiling at Mami as she leans into your side.

"Alright! Now departing to Asunaro, please ensure all your hands, legs, and assorted appendages are within the vehicle," Kazumi declares happily. "Catch you around, everyone!"

A chorus of farewells chases her as Kazumi lifts off, the flight platform wobbling a little as she evidently learns to compensate for the weight, and then they're off.

"I'll take my leave too," Mika says, nodding. She strides to the edge of the roof and turns back to face you all. "Good luck on your endeavours."

"Thanks," you say. "See you!"

"See ya!" Mika sweeps into a theatrical bow, and without straightening, allows herself to fall backwards, the roar of winds bearing her skywards an instant later, leaving just you and your friends on the roof: Kyouko and Yuma, Noriko and Akemi and Noriko, Oriko and Kirika, Sayaka and Homura and Mami and you.

"Yep, we're heading off too," Kyouko grunts. "Good fight, call me if you've got more. We've still got Witches to hunt."

"Ah, before you go," Mami says, smiling as she holds out a Grief Seed. "Take it, Kyouko, you've definitely earned at least one."

"... Fine, whatever," Kyouko says, swiping it from Mami's hand. She looks like she's chewing on something unpleasant for a second before spitting a grudging, "Thanks."

"You earned it," you say firmly, echoing Mami's words. You meet Kyouko's gaze, holding it for a second, and then turn to look at Yuma. "You too, Yuma - without your help, we couldn't have helped the locals. I only wish we could give you more, but well... I'm around, and I'm still happy to refresh your Grief Seeds, yeah?"

"Um- you're welcome!" Yuma says, with a tentatively pleased smile. "Yuma- I was glad to help!"

"You sure you don't want to come hang out with us?" Sayaka says, propping her fist on her hip. "We don't mind, y'know?"

"Things to do, Witches to hunt," Kyouko grumbles, pulling a chocolate bar from her pocket, which she snaps in two and passes half to Yuma. "See ya 'round."

She turns, and leaps off towards the next building in a flurry of red. Yuma waves shyly and follows.

"Hmph," Sayaka grumbles, folding her arms and frowning off in the direction Kyouko left.

"We'll head home as well," Noriko says. "It's been a long day, and it *feels* much longer."

"No offense, Miss Akemi, but your magic is, ah, as terrifying as it is powerful," Akemi says. "I won't deny it gave us an enormous advantage today, but..."

Homura shrugs slightly, and you exchange farewells. And that leaves you with Mami, Homura, Sayaka, and... Oriko, and Kirika. You can tell Homura's getting a little antsy, as is Sayaka. Truth be told, so are you. You're eager to get back to Nagisa, too.

The moment stretches out, the silence broken by the incessant drumming of the rain.

"We should take our leave, too," Oriko says, and hesitates. "We might not head directly back home, if that's alright with you? I'd like to do some shopping, too, but not here. We're still wearing the trackers."

You bite your lip. You want to give them permission, but it's not really *your* permission to give, so you just glance from Sayaka to Homura, wordlessly leaving the decision in their hands.

Homura nods, once, tightly.

"You were- helpful today," she says through clenched jaws.

"It's not a reward," Sayaka says. She turns a scowl and folded arms on Oriko and Kirika. "That's not how it works. It's *trust*. We're extending you some. Don't abuse it."

"We won't!" Kirika says. "I promise!"

"Make sure you don't," Sayaka says. "Go, before we change our minds."

"See you," you offer, subdued.

"See ya!" Kirika says, all but dragging Oriko away with a bright grin on her face, undampened by the rain.

"And then there were four," Sayaka says, detransforming in a flash of cerulean blue. She turns a grin on you. "Man, that feels like it took forever. Shall we get back to Madoka and Hitomi? Or..." She frowns. "Well, I mean, I'm still there with them, so I'll excuse myself to the toilet and swap out."

"Sounds like a plan, Sayaka, and it feels like I've been waiting forever," you say. "Let's go!"

Mami takes your hand as you make for the stairs, Homura lingering a step behind you with a distant look in her eyes before shaking herself and following as Sayaka splits off to take a different path.

"Thank you," Homura mutters quietly.

"Hm?" you say, blinking back at her. Your footsteps slow as you half-twist to look at her quizzically.

"For..." Homura trails off, and shrugs helplessly. "The... the Kures. For splitting them up. Minimizing harm."

"Ah," you say. "Well... anytime, Homura." You grin at her. "You're my *friend*, Homura. If it's for making you just the slightest bit more comfortable... well, yeah."

"Thank you," Homura says again, with slightly more emphasis on the words.

You grin, clap her shoulder gently, and start back down the stairs. "Let's get back to our friends, OK?"

And so you do, plunging once more into the dull roar of the crowd and the press of people. You ping Hitomi and Madoka for their location, of course, rather than try to fumble through the crowd - you *could* probably just saturate the entire shopping centre with nanofog and locate them by brute force, but why would you bother when you can just ask?

As you make your way through the crowd, though, you have another quick conversation to sort out.

"*Hey, Masami, Hiroko?*" you say. "*Situation has been handled, you can, uh, stand down now.*"

"*Right,*" Masami responds. "*Good. What happened?*"

"*It *was* the Iowa Group,*" you say. "*That said, now that we've fought them, I'm not sure that they're actually from Iowa. They had *an* Iowa. As in, the battleship USS Iowa.*"

"*Oh. Well.*" Masami seems... mildly flummoxed by *that* little tidbit.

"*We're sorry we couldn't come along and help,*" Hiroko says, smoothly stepping in to fill the conversational gap. "*And not just because we'd both have loved to see that. But... you understand, I hope.*"

Because... well, you've reunited Mami with Kazumi and Kyouko, but you *haven't* even begun to help Masami and Mami mend bridges. No way in hell would Masami have volunteered to step into *that* pit of worms, and there's no way you'd have let Mami open that can of vipers either, even if Masami had been willing. Not without warning, not just before going into a fight.

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*For what it's worth, I'm grateful we had you back in Mitakihara, just in case.*"

"*It's not like we would've run off,*" Masami says with a snort. "*This is *our* home. Anyway, uh... good work, and thank you for handling it?*"

"*I didn't do it alone, but you're welcome,*" you say.

"*Sure,*" Masami says.

"*Anyway, that's what I wanted to let you know about, so... later,*" you say, and end the call. Just in time, because-

"Big sis!" Nagisa crashes into your knees, arms locking around your legs.

"Hey, Nagisa," you say, stooping down and ruffling her hair. "Sorry I had to rush off."

"Welcome back, everyone!" Madoka says, beaming at you as she hurries over, Hitomi alongside. You'd found them sitting near the fountain, the centerpiece of the shopping centre with water cascading from sculpted marble in burbling splashes. Homura sidles over to Madoka's side, glancing about carefully.

"Oh hey, welcome back!" Sayaka says, jogging over from a different direction.

"It- it's OK, big sis," Nagisa says.

"I wish I'd done better," you say softly. Mami touches your elbow gently, her other hand taking yours and squeezing.

"But you're back now!" Nagisa says, beaming.

"That we are," you say. "Did you have fun?"

"Yeah! Madoka and Hitomi are really nice!" Nagisa says.

"And how much cheese have they bribed you with?" you tease.

"Not enough," Nagisa says without a single iota of hesitation. "There is never enough cheese."

"None at all, actually," Hitomi says with a smile. "Nagisa was perfectly behaved."

"But I missed you, big sis!" Nagisa says, still wrapped around your legs.

You huff out a laugh and haul Nagisa up into a hug, resting her weight comfortably on your hip. Mami giggles, smiling at you and reaching out to ruffle Nagisa's hair too.

"You know what? It's good to be back," you say. "And we've got about ten minutes before your uncle gets back, so where do you want to go, Nagisa? Also, hey everyone. I'm really sorry I had to run off. And don't tell me it's OK, because even if something came out, I shouldn't have."

"Well... don't worry about it," Madoka says, offering up an impish, cheeky grin.

"I want to just stay here at the fountain," Nagisa says. "Walking around too much!"

"That's fine," you say, smiling.

And so you just hang out, chatting idly - about school, about her home life, and Nagisa *doesn't* ask you about what you'd run off to. And then it's time to escort Nagisa back out to the meeting point, tucking her back into the protection of her raincoat and covering her with overlapped umbrellas. The rain's dwindled to a fuzzy drizzle by the time you poke your head out, but still!

The streets, still slick with rain, throng with the noise of conversation and cars as you make your way to the pickup area. Rows of cars line up in patient queues, people crowding about as they await their rides, wardens ushering cars and passengers alike with careful precision and calm order.

Shin looks rather surprised to see you when he pulls up at the pickup point, exactly on the dot of four o'clock, and you immediately dip into a bow.

"I'm very sorry I had to leave midway," you blurt. "I wanted to stay, and I wanted to hang out with Nagisa, but I... I completely failed to consider that I was effectively on call for some responsibilities I couldn't ignore. I apologise for not considering it and discussing it with you ahead of time."

Shin sighs quietly. For a moment, he looks every bit the worn Japanese businessman he is, older than his years. Younger than the pure white of his hair might suggest, but then again, hair colour is no indicator of age.

"I'm a little disappointed, but I entirely understand the feeling," he says. "After all, part of the reason Nagisa was with you today was because *I* had responsibilities I couldn't ignore, and by happy coincidence, you were available. I can't say you didn't make adequate arrangements in turn, though."

He smiles at you, taking the sting out of the reprimand.

"But big sis came back!" Nagisa says, hugging you. You smile at her, ignoring the way she presses drops of rain into your leg.

"I shouldn't have left in the first place," you say.

"Still, I'm grateful to you, Miss Sabrina, and to you two, Miss Kaname and Miss Shizuki," Shin says with a nod. "But I have to ask, in view of the future: what happened?"

"*That* is a bit of a can of worms," you admit. "It's not that I'm unwilling to discuss it, it's just that it's a long explanation." And one you hope that Kyuubey won't wipe from his mind.

You can feel curious eyes on you - Sayaka and Homura and, yes, Nagisa. Mami doesn't blink, though, simply backing you up with a confident smile instead.

"Can you sum it up?" Shin asks, arching an eyebrow. Flecked-gold eyes search yours, coolly assessing, and you can't help but approve: even if he's judging *you*, it's because he cares about his niece.

"I can't," you say. You don't look away, trying to project sincerity and an unwillingness to yield on the matter in your expression and your voice. "It's not something that can or should be summed up quickly."

"I see," Shin says. He's the first to break the staredown, glancing from you to Nagisa - and then he softens, shaking her head. "Then I suppose we'll have to have a conversation sometime. Would Monday dinner suit you?"

"*Tentatively*, yes?" you say, frowning as you internally review your calendar. You don't think you've got anything *scheduled* for Monday, barring the training with Kyouko and Sayaka... which, come to think of it, will probably be a mass training session, now. And Oriko had predicted the Soujos to arrive within the week, too. You nod decisively. "Monday dinner should be fine. Would it be alright if I confirmed it closer in?"

After telling the Shizukis, hah. And at this point, you're on course for telling the Kanames too, really, and... huh, you should double-check with Sayaka, too, and you should probably follow up.

"Uncle Shin, big sis, don't fight," Nagisa says, tugging timidly at your hands.

"We're not fighting, Nagisa," Shin says. "We're just discussing future plans."

"Yeah," you say, smiling at Nagisa. "I have to be responsible for my mistakes, you know? And not planning ahead was my mistake - even if I did manage to fix things up by leaving you with Madoka and Hitomi and Sayaka, I shouldn't have had to. So we're gonna figure things out so I don't have to do that in the future, hopefully."

"Oh," Nagisa says. "Alright. I'll still get to hang out with you, right?"

"Yup," you say. You glance at Shin - he nods slightly, so you continue. "After I have that discussion with your Uncle, but that's probably Monday, so it won't be too long, OK?"

"OK!" Nagisa says, relaxing with a smile.

"Then... until next time, OK?" you say.

"OK!" Nagisa says, beaming. "Bye-bye, everyone! Thank you for letting me come along today!"

"Monday dinner," Shin says. "We'll confirm it on the day itself? And again, thank you, everyone, for helping out today. I appreciate it."

"Definitely," you say as everyone starts to exchange farewells.

Shin nods, and gets back into the car, smiling tolerantly as Nagisa lingers before letting herself in. You wave as they drive off, shepherded away by the wardens, and you relax, smiling at your friends.

"I'm proud of you, Sabrina," Mami says, bringing your hand up to press a gentle kiss to your knuckles.

You blush.

"W-what for?" you ask. You *also* ignore Sayaka's muttered 'Get a *room*' with with what you choose to describe as stately dignity.

"For handling that conversation with Mr. Momoe well," Mami says. "I daresay your demeanour did a lot to convince him to take it on your word alone."

"Oh," you say. "You think so?"

"I do," Mami says, smiling warmly. "What next?"

"Well-" You turn to your friends. "Are we still on for that study session? If yes, I'll want to make a *quiiick* stop to pick up something that I didn't get the opportunity to earlier, and then we're good to go on that?"

"Heck yes," Sayaka groans, shoulders immediately slumping as she tips forward to bury her face on Madoka's shoulder, the very picture of abject despair. "I *neeeeeed* the help. You're my only hope. Well, you and Homura and Mami."

"The help *would* be thoroughly appreciated," Hitomi says. "But don't forget the dinner tonight, Sabrina."

"Oh, I haven't," you say. "In that case, let's get going."

---

- [ ] Vote in abeyance
- [ ] What else do you want to do during the study session?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Purchase a smartphone.
- [x] Work on mind protecting enchantments during the homework session, and covertly book a restaurant for tomorrow's date.
  - [x] Mention that you urgently need to break off and discuss something privately with Mami and Homura -- within the next few hours, even though you're expecting you'll have to use timestop to make that work. This is going to have been a long day, but it is going to have been so worth it.

\=====​

So, the next vote will take you to the study session. Now would be a possible time for a discussion with Homura - if not, the update will take you through the preparing for dinner with the Shizukis.
