# Lowlife pt. 31

A quick stop to pick up something you'd missed the opportunity to, you'd said. Fortunately, the short queues smooth your way, and Mami slides in to pay with an insistent nudge and a sweet smile, just for you, that has your defenses and feeble protests crumbling all but instantly.

The largest amount of time was spent on arguing over *which* phone to get, of course, but you cut it off early and concede in the interests of time. You've spent so much of your friends' time today, and you need to pay it back *some*how - helping with Madoka and Sayaka and Hitomi's homework seems like the least you can do.

Homura too, but not because she needs help with her homework. Rather, you're going to give her the opportunity to hang out. And since you know *she* knows the schoolwork, she can help out too.

You're tempted for some reason by the giant plush brontosaurus -the same one that caught your eye way back then- you see in the window, and you *could* buy it, but... nah. Maybe next time, when you're not rushing off to help your friends. Besides, something tells you it'd just be trouble, anyway.

And so you find yourself headed back home, after a bit of discussion. You take a bus, for obvious pink- and green-haired reasons. It's not a long trip, and you chat happily with your friends until you get home - and Sayaka meets you there, having broken off to fetch her homework from, well, home.

"I'm home," you murmur as you shuck your shoes and head in to home.

"Welcome home," Mami says. The smile she shoots you is nothing short of dazzling, and she laughs when you snatch away her discarded shoes to arrange neatly alongside yours with a bit of Grief.

"Dorks," Sayaka says accusingly, a tiny grin curling the side of her mouth.

"Sa-ba-ka," you counter in exactly the same tone.

"You know, Sayaka," Madoka says, visibly trying to swallow a giggle. "You were telling Mami and Sabrina to get a room, earlier. But... they already have a few, don't they?"

Madoka gestures airily at the familiar walls of the apartment you share with Mami, her expression and posture utterly innocent right down to the smile and the slight, inquisitive tilt of her head.

Sayaka sighs loudly and breezes past you with nose tipped upwards.

Hitomi giggles, politely covering her mouth.

"Oh, do come in, everyone," Mami says. There's the slightest tinge of red to her cheeks, one that you find utterly adorable, and you can't help but lean over to brush a kiss against her cheek. Which definitely improves the colour, so that's nice.

"Everyone, why don't you get set up?" Mami says, clearing her throat. "I'll get us some refreshments."

"And I'll, uh, help everyone get set up?" you say.

Mami flashes you a swift smile, already heading for the kitchen.

"Alright, then!" you say. "Homework out, everyone, uh. Madoka, Hitomi, you can leave the shopping bags here, and... hmm. Homura, how confident do you feel about the schoolwork?"

"Reasonably?" Homura ventures cautiously, like she's expecting a trap.

"Great, you can help out too," you say with a grin. "Good, good..."

You all arrange yourself around Table-kun. There's not quite enough room to fit everyone - not if everyone wants to have room to really *write*, so you add some flat planes of Grief. You *did* get around to figuring out Grief hair extensions, and really, Grief table expansions are just a logical... *extension* of the concept. Right?

There's a little shuffling around, Sayaka taking up the shortest side of the expanded Table-kun while Hitomi and Madoka and Homura take up another side.

"So, what's on the docket for homework?" you ask. "I see... math, biology and, uh... is that music?"

"Music theory. We have an essay to do on it, and it's not my strongest subject," Hitomi says with a sigh. "I know Sayaka and Madoka already started theirs, and I'm fairly confident for my math. Less so my music theory, so I'd appreciate a second opinion."

"Yeah, skimmed and did what I could first, and y'know, I still don't get that," Sayaka says. "Haven't you been having piano lessons since you were, like, two months old?"

"Playing music is nowhere near music theory, Sayaka," Hitomi says. "You *know* that."

"I do, but... y'know," Sayaka says, shrugging demonstratively.

Hitomi shrugs back.

"Anyway, math... huh, number theory," you say, squinting at Sayaka's upside-down paper. Upside-down to you, anyway, right-side-up to her. "Huh, number theory before calculus? Mami-" You shoot Mami a smile as she returns from the kitchen with a tray of cookies and tea, "-weren't you doing integration by parts recently?"

"I was, why?" she asks, setting the tray down on the table. "Ah, number theory. It only makes sense, really, but I don't recall enjoying it." She wrinkles her nose as she settles down beside you. "Still, I can help with that, too!"

You beam proudly at Mami.

"Thank goodness," Sayaka says, shaking her head. "Took a crack at this already, like I said, but some of it is *tough*."

"Well, let's get into it," you say, smiling. "And... Madoka... oh, I see. Krebs cycle?"

Madoka makes a whiny, distressed noise and flops across the table.

"It's all so complicated," she complains. "Fumarate is combined with water via fumarase to form malic acid. Malic acid is acted on by... something. Dehydrogenase? To form..." She makes another annoyed sound.

"Malate dehydrogenase, I believe. Do you have to memorize it, or...?" you say.

Madoka shakes her head without lifting it from the table, grabbing the worksheet and brandishing it with angry impunity. "I started on it too, but I'm a bit stuck on this part. I need to calculate ATP production and energy efficiency, and show my work."

"Ah, that's not so bad," you say, taking the worksheet and looking at it. You nod thoughtfully, and then catch Homura's eye with a slight grin. "OK. Homura, you know this material too, right?"

Homura nods wordlessly.

"OK!" you say, clapping your hands together. "Homura, can you help Madoka with her homework? And Mami, you help Sayaka, then I'll work with Hitomi and bounce between the groups if you need help?"

"I can do that," Mami says with a smile. "Alright, Sayaka, let me see your worksheet..."

Homura blinks slowly, and then once again when Madoka turns to her with a pleading look on her face. But then, she gives in all but instantly, and starts to explain the concepts in a quiet, even tone, helping Madoka out with the chemical formulae.

Meanwhile, you turn your attention to Hitomi's paper.

"I'll need to leave slightly earlier," she notes as you skim the essay topic and her notes, written in an elegant, flowing hand. "To prepare for dinner."

"Yeah, of course," you say. Which reminds you that you still need to have that talk with Homura - sometime tonight. Before or after dinner, but *before* is almost certainly going to be a timestop thing.

... Then again, it's timestop or privacy field, one of two. You're *not* letting the Incubators in on *this* conversation, oh no.

But for now, you have much simpler issues to engage with, namely to help Hitomi lay out an overview of harmonization and reharmonization of musical chords in an essay. Which, of course, doesn't take up all of your attention, so you discreetly retrieve a gold bar, Grief-pressing it into simple hair clips.

You're visiting Tokyo tomorrow. And given that you have what you'd consider well-informed suspicions about their memory modification, it behooves you to prepare appropriately - and that means mind-protection enchantments.

You can split your focus enough to comment cogently and help out with your friends' homework - your actual hands might be busy with the enchantment, but there's nothing preventing you from grabbing a pencil with Grief to scribble with.

Mami leans against your shoulder when she's not helping Sayaka, humming quietly and sneaking you little smiles with a glow of pure, elemental *joy* in her eyes, a look that makes *you* feel warm and pleased. You *like* seeing Mami happy, and you *like* being able to bring her that joy. It's the least you can do for her, when she's done so much for you.

"*What are you thinking about, Sabrina?*" Mami murmurs into your mind during a lull, the scratching of pens the only sound in the room as your friends toil industriously at their homework.

"*How do you know I'm not just focusing on my enchantment?*" you tease, smiling at her.

"*I know you, Sabrina,*" Mami says simply.

"*I... well, I can't argue with that,*" you say, your cheeks heating a little. "*I was thinking that I started out wanting to simply help you not be so lonely. I wanted to help you be happy, and that was... kind of condescending, I suppose, because it was a problem I had to *fix*, you know? But I don't think that's really true anymore.*"

"*Mm?*" Mami says. Her eyes almost glow gold in the warm light of your apartment, looking up at you with an expression that's affectionate and almost coy.

"*Somewhere along the way, it turned into wanting to *be* the one to make you happy,*" you say. "*So that's... yeah.*"

"*You do, Sabrina,*" Mami whispers. "*I can only hope that I bring you as much joy as you've brought to my life.*"

"*Believe me, Mami, you do,*" you say. "*You do.*"

"Ah... Sabrina?" Madoka asks. "Um... could I get some help here?"

"I'm having trouble explaining the enzyme complex," Homura says quietly, her brow knotted in faint consternation. She looks up at you with the slightest hint of pleading in her eyes. "I have little experience teaching."

"Ah... you've been doing a great job, Homura!" Madoka says. "It's just, um, a lot to take in."

"A diagram might work better," Mami suggests, looking up. "You could borrow my laptop, since I take it that you left yours at home?"

"Actually, lemme just..." A slight frown, a bit more Grief, and you form a full model of the enzyme complex that facilitates the Krebs cycle. Well, part of the cycle. You flash Mami a quick grin before getting up and shuffling around the table to join Madoka and Homura - all the better to help explain, both you and Homura pointing out the relevant sections of protein.

Madoka nods along with the explanation, pink eyes bright with enthusiasm as you explain.

And with that explanation done, it's time to help Hitomi out again with some fact-checking and a few bars played on Grief instruments, and then it's time to nudge your head against Mami's while she works on her own english homework, and then it's off to huddling with Mami and Sayaka over math and dredging up the finer intricacies of prime numbers.

You also take the time to mull over where you might book a restaurant, but there's no way you can do it subtly right now. You make a mental note to do it later.

Tapping at the window - and *that* turns out to be Mugin, pecking inquisitively at the glass.

"We really should invest in a perch," Mami muses as you let the crow in. "Since we appear to have been adopted."

"I should make one, just gotta remember to actually do it," you say. "By the way, Sayaka, could you explain the concept of house training to Mugin here? He's been well-behaved enough, but y'know. Just in case."

"Sure, sure," Sayaka says, already pulling out some birdseed.

An hour flies by, and then two, and everyone's gotten over the worst parts of their homework, and you've cranked out a small pile of enchanted hairclips. Which is good, because that's when Hitomi, apparently satisfied with her progress, sets her pen down with a decisive click.

"Time?" you say.

"I'll need the time to get home and prepare," Hitomi says, nodding regally as she starts packing away her homework. She smiles. "Thank you for all the help, Sabrina, Mami."

"Yeah! Thank you too, Homura!" Madoka says happily. "I've made a lot of progress today, and it's all thanks to you."

"Uuugh yeah, you three are lifesavers," Sayaka groans, slumping forward. "I need to manage my time better too, I guess. Maybe I'll start using clones for homework. Can I do that? I think I can do that."

"I'm almost jealous," Mami says with a light smile dancing on her lips. "That would have been *extraordinarily* useful before."

"Before?" Sayaka asks. She raises her voice slightly as Mugin starts to caw and flutter about, excited with the sudden flurry of motion in the room.

"Well, I have Sabrina to help me now," Mami says. Her smile widens a hair, just a hint of a smidgen of a touch of smugness radiating from her expression.

Sayaka snorts.

"Aaaanyway," she says. "Thanks, all three of you."

"Of course," you say. "I mean, it's kind of *my* fault you're having to do other stuff as well, right?"

"Like I wouldn't have been out shopping even if I weren't a magical girl," Sayaka says with a roll of her eyes. "It's *Saturday*. By which I mean just accept the thanks."

"Well..." You exchange a look with Mami. "You're very welcome, then, and- anytime!"

"Yep, yep," Sayaka says. "I'll get going - you've got a dinner to go to. Hope that goes well, yeah?"

"Yeah," you say, making a face. "Hm. Do any of you need a lift home? Hitomi especially? I can fly everyone home and be back."

"I'll be fine - I have plenty of time to get home and prepare," Hitomi says. "I have a pickup, anyway." She waves her phone meaningfully at you. "In fact - Madoka, Sayaka, Homura, can *I* offer you lifts?"

"Um..." Madoka fidgets. "That would be nice?"

"Nah, I'm good," Sayaka says. "I'll just roofhop."

"To echo Mami, I'm almost jealous," Hitomi says with a slight smile. "Homura?"

"That won't be necessary," Homura says, shaking her head.

"It won't be any trouble, but if you're sure," Hitomi says with a smile. "Shall we, then?"

"We'll see you out," you say, standing - and so you do, waving your friends off with farewells.

"*Hey, Homura?*" you say, including Mami in the conversation as you close the door. "*Um... there's stuff to talk about, after dinner or so? It might be a long-ish talk.*"

"*Understood,*" Homura responds. "*I will be near Madoka's.*"

"*Gotcha, we'll come find you,*" you say. Mami gives you a curious look as you end the mental call.

"I'll tell you about it later?" you say. "Not- not because I don't want to tell you, mind you, but because... well, we've got to get ready."

Mami laughs, warm and rich and utterly trusting.

"Alright," she says. "Then let's get ready."

---

- [ ] What do you want to cover with the Shizukis?
  - [ ] Write-in

---

So! The next update will be the dinner with Hitomi and her parents. To remind everyone, just in case: Hitomi's mother, Shizuki Haruka, knew a magical girl when she was much younger. She only knows the bare basics, and lost contact with the girl in question (Tsuchiya Ritsuko) after a while. Her husband is completely unaware, and the meeting is at Haruka's request, to inform him.

On a related note, because *I* have no fashion sense at all, I'm taking suggestions for what Mami might wear to the dinner.

Further note: I may retroactively put in a chapter break around here. Need to think that over.
