# Lowlife pt. 32

A quick shower, trading places with Mami and cheating outrageously with Grief to dry your hair off. Some light makeup, with what you'd bought earlier, and then the part you've actually been looking forward to - changing into the suit! You're not exactly vain, but it's a *nice* suit. And even if you're not one for preening much, but you *do* rather like the professional air it gives you.

Sure, Hitomi said that you didn't have to, but...

Honestly, you *want* to. And maybe you'll look like an overdressed dork, but that's on *you*. You're entirely willing to accept that. *And* outside all but the strictest of social gatherings you can reasonably dress up a rung - or down a rung, but that's not relevant right now. So there.

You take a moment to admire yourself in the mirror, and, well, you're still not vain, but it really is a *nice* suit, in your opinion. A nice, deep navy blue vest with vertical pinstripes, over a collared shirt in pale lavender. Narrow-cut trousers of a matching blue completes the look.

And now that you're looking at yourself, you take another moment to attempt to comb your hair, first with your fingers, then with a comb stolen from Mami's dresser, then with Grief.

Mami finds you attempting to glare a hole in the mirror and your completely untamed hair.

"Gel, maybe?" you mutter as Mami approaches with a curious look, your frown slipping enough to give her a warm, if distracted smile. "Or... I could use Grief to hold it in place on a longer-term basis."

She slips an arm around your waist, nestling against your back while one hand reaches up to smooth away the scowl from your face. Her hair's still damp and cool and hanging loose from the shower, a little chilly where it brushes against your neck.

Grief, then. Nanofog is *such* useful stuff, and it takes just a bit of effort to settle enough along every strand to start trying to neaten your hair out, but then you're not sure *how* to hold it. Straight out like this? Probably not, that doesn't look quite right. A little wavy? Perhaps, but it makes you look a little like Hitomi...

"I think your hair looks just fine the way it normally is," Mami says, reaching up to run her fingers through your hair. "On you, it looks, mm, artistically tousled. It's very much your look, and you look *good*, Sabrina."

"Well... I'm trying to go for a more professional look," you say, softening into the hug and removing your nanofog. And maybe your cheeks are a bit red, but who's counting. "But thank you."

"That *does* explain the suit, even though Hitomi said it wasn't necessary," Mami says, amusement lilting in her voice.

You snicker.

"Hey, I already justified it to myself - it's perfectly acceptable to overdress a bit," you say. "And I'm sure Hitomi's parents would accept that. *And* I want to make it a... I *want* to come off as more professional, ish? Because trying to emphasize that we... more or less know what we're doing is kind of important. Um. Am I making sense?"

"I think so," Mami says, now toying with your hair, curling a lock around her finger. "But it sounds like you have a plan?"

"Somewhat, yeah, I... It's not that I wouldn't appreciate more help or anything, and it's not that I want to sugarcoat the horrible things that are happening, but I want them to..." You trail off, searching for the right words. "I want them to have some confidence. Reassurance. That things might be bad, but we're working on making it better, and that we *can* and *will* make it better. And so I'm trying for a more professional look because confidence starts from first impressions. Does that make more sense?"

"It does," Mami says. She straightens your suit firmly, smiling. "It makes perfect sense. You look wonderful, Sabrina, don't worry about it. Now, let me finish getting changed, we're running out of time."

"I figure we'll be roof hopping or flying there, since it'll be quicker, but yep!" you say, beaming at her and stepping out to the living room. Mugin squawks happily and flutters around your feet as you emerge, apparently sharing the excitement.

And while you're waiting for that, you've got a quick call to make, because something doesn't match up.

"*Heyyy, Homura?*" you say, reaching out with telepathy. "*You're coming for the dinner with the Shizukis, right?*"

"*... oh.*" Homura sounds utterly nonplussed, and just the slightest bit sheepish. "*I... am?*"

"*Yes, you are. Hitomi agreed, remember?*" you say firmly. "*Sorry, I should have reminded you earlier, but it just occurred to me.*"

Homura makes a vaguely agreeing noise and ends the call. You snicker to yourself, nodding in satisfaction - you'd almost forgotten yourself, but something about Homura saying that she'd be at Madoka's twigged your memory. And good thing, too.

A few minutes later, Mami emerges from the bedroom, smiling as she meets your eyes. She's dressed, if not to *match* you, then to complement you in a dress of pale lavender in much the same shade - modest but elegant, cut to mid-calf with a bit of a V-neck and short, ruffled sleeves. Floral patterns swirl across the dress, white and pink breaking up what would otherwise be utter monotony. And speaking of floral pattern, the familiar plastic flower hairbands that hold her distinctive drills in place have been replaced with something that looks like gold. A little purse completes the look.

"You- you look lovely, Mami," you murmur, breath catching in the back of your throat.

"Thank you, Sabrina," Mami says. Her cheeks tint pink as she offers her arm to you. "Shall we get going?"

"Yeah," you say softly. You dip into a sweeping curtsy that's only sarcastic because you're not wearing a skirt, prompting giggles and a warm, utterly fond look from Mami. You grin, and take her arm as you head out, leaving a window open for Mugin, since he doesn't seem to be going anywhere, and you can *probably* trust him.

It's almost a pity that you have to transform when you reach the roof, but really, you don't want to get your nice clothes dirtied or damaged before you even arrive at the restaurant.

Night's fallen properly now, velvet darkness settling across Mitakihara with the glow of streetlights and headlights and the churning life of the city blazing in defiance. And with the night comes chill, the temperature plummeting in the wake of the rain earlier, the fresh air crisp and cold against your face as you bound onwards.

Homura's waiting for you when you arrive, a pool of watchful stillness amidst the darkness of the roof. You're in the heart of the business district, here, not that far from the DBJ tower, a slender spire standing tall even amongst its fellow skyscrapers. Homura swivels to track your arrival, her head tilting in silent question.

"Homura," Mami says with a welcoming smile. "I'm glad you could make it."

"Hey, hey," you say. "And yeah, definitely - thanks for coming." You rub your hands together in eager anticipation. "OK, OK. So, we wanna impress the Shizukis - at Mrs Shizuki's request, we're here to bring her husband in, and... well, they're going to have a lot of questions."

"Shall we leave the questions to you, Sabrina?" Mami asks.

"The opposite!" you say. "We're a team, right? And I kind of wish Sayaka was here, too, then we'd have the whole team here... I should have asked, I suppose, but too late for that. Anyway. You two have *years* of experience, and I... honestly? I want them to know the unvarnished truth. How bad it can get."

You exhale slowly, closing your eyes for a brief moment. When you open them again, you meet Homura's gaze, steady and serious.

"We're here to change things. To fix everything for the better," you say. "And it starts small. But they ought to know where we're starting from."

"We can do that," Mami says, tucking her hand in the crook of your elbow. "But I think... mm. I don't think we should lie, but I think we may want to ease them into it."

"I'll follow your lead," Homura says. She looks a little uncomfortable, but at the same time... she looks *determined*, her expression steady and laser-focused.

"Sounds like a plan, then," you say, checking the time on your shiny new phone. Which reminds you that you need to configure it, though of course you've got Mami's number. And your friends', of course.

And so it's off the roof, down the side of the building, and de-transforming. As it transpires, Homura's wearing a simple but nice dress of a deep grey, diagonal lines in white forming a sharp contrast and cinched in at the waist in a way that accentuates her slender figure. A touch plain, perhaps, but entirely serviceable and in keeping with her style, you think.

Homura looks slight askance at you.

"I didn't buy a suit to *not* wear it," you respond with a grin. "And as I said to Mami - nothing wrong with overdressing a *bit*!"

Homura nods blankly.

"Now, onwards!" you say, gesturing grandly.

It's a nice restaurant. Nice enough to have a dedicated maître d' out front, but not so nice that you or Mami or Homura look out of place, and nice enough to have a *fantastic* view out of the grand windows that take the place of walls. Muted conversation between soberly dressed businessmen and women and just a few families here and there fills the air, the calm, unhurried discussion broken only at the brisk, professional direction of the waiters and waitresses.

Western-styled furnishings to suit what smells *distinctly* like Western-styled food - not that the tasteful sign out front wasn't a hint, of course. You can smell steak, that's for sure.

You're directed to a private room off to the side, the waiter withdrawing to leave you alone with the Shizukis.

Shizuki Haruka rises to greet you as the door closes, the crow's feet around her eyes crinkling into her smile.

"Miss Sabrina, Miss Tomoe, Miss Akemi," she says warmly. Hitomi's mother looks like an older version of Hitomi, a little plump but aging with perfect grace that you'd probably be envious of, under different circumstances. Vibrant green hair cascades down her shoulders, shifting as she offers a hand. "Thank you for coming today."

"Thank you for having us," you respond with a matching smile and a firm shake.

"This is my husband, Shizuki Ichiro," Haruka says, shifting aside to let him step forward. Like his wife, he looks like he's in his late thirties, heavier-set and aging well. His hair is a steely grey, not of age but of natural colouration, and despite the bemused wrinkle to his brow, he smiles at you.

"And dear, this is Miss Sabrina, Tomoe Mami, and Akemi Homura," Haruka continues, before turning to you. "And of course, you know my daughter."

"Rather," Hitomi adds drily, waving at you.

"It's a pleasure, I'm sure," Ichiro says. His voice is a pleasant baritone, smooth and obviously trained. "We've met briefly, haven't we?"

"Very briefly," you say with a smile. When he was dropping Hitomi off, as you recall, and just the once - you hadn't actually met him when you were over at Hitomi's place due to work on his part.

"Well, this promises to be an interesting evening," Ichiro says, smiling at Haruka. "I must admit, dear, I have *no* idea what might be so important to discuss."

"You'll see," Haruka says, and winks at you. "Please, take a seat, everyone."

"Ah, I *do* see," Ichiro says, affably indulgent. "I'm being ganged up on. Well, by all means, then - and of course, you are our guests. Feel free to order as you like."

Mami beats you to the punch, pulling the chair out for you before you can even reach for hers. You laugh, smiling fondly at her as you take a seat, and Mami's smile warms you all the way down to your toes as you inspect the menu.

"I did tell you that it wasn't that formal an event, didn't I?" Hitomi says, leaning over slightly and giving you a deeply amused look.

"Well, first of all, it's a nice suit!" you say, grinning back. "And second of all, you're not exactly dressing down either."

"Of course it is. I did help pick it out," Hitomi says, sniffing haughtily. She *does* look quite nice in her green and white dress, a ruby bracelet lending a splash of variation. Nowhere near as nice as Mami, of course. "As to your second point - I had a... let's call it a hunch."

Mami stifles a giggle, taking your hand. "You *are* a tad predictable, Sabrina," she says.

"I mean, I suppose I am," you say, shrugging. "Anyway, ah... what would you recommend off the menu?"

"Their beef is excellent, if that's to your liking," Ichiro offers. "It's not to mine today, I fear, but as my wife will gladly inform you-"

"They work some kind of absolute black magic with their steaks," Haruka cuts in smoothly. "Even their strip steak is superb, but if you're interested at all, I *insist* that you try the tenderloin or ribeye."

"Mama loves this restaurant," Hitomi adds in a stage whisper. "*I* will be having the glazed salmon, I think. Their pasta is good too."

You take a few minutes to decide, ultimately settling on a lasagna, which Mami happily seconds. Homura *does* hesitantly go for the T-bone steak, to Haruka's firm approval. The waiter is summoned to take your orders -with some appetizers on top at Ichiro's insistence- and departs quietly.

**\[] Continue as planned
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Argh. Apologies once again for breaking in a weird spot - I actually have a section more written, but frankly, I need to sleep and breaking there would have been ever weirder. And if I *don't* update today I wouldn't be updating until next week. Consider this a moment to refine your approach if you want, but it's not needed.
