# Lowlife pt. 35

"The pleasure was all mine," you say, beaming as you shake Ichiro's hand.

And really, it was. You weren't quite expecting it to go *badly* - you trust Hitomi, and by extension, you trust her parents. But you weren't quite expecting unflinching acceptance and acknowledgement, either, and yet, here you stand, having solidified a tentative understanding with them.

... ugh.

You really hope Kyuubey doesn't decide to... *interfere*. It's been pretty good about *not* doing that, all things considered, but all the better for it to swoop in and mess things up for you, right? That's probably your best guess for what it might be up to: fomenting discord while looking for the best time and place to strike.

"Thank you for hearing us out," Mami says with a smile, shaking Ichiro's hand as he transfers his attention to her, then Homura.

"I wish you the best on your endeavours, all of you. Please do ask for help if you need it," he says, then blinks and pulls out his wallet. From the wallet he produces two business cards - one for Homura, and one for you. Not for Mami, but then, you're pretty sure that you've been... unabashedly *with* Mami.

"... thank you," Homura says quietly.

Ichiro nods.

"You carry a heavy burden," he says solemnly. "And you're friends of my daughter. I think it's the least I can offer."

"And for my part, I thank you for coming today," Haruka says, stepping forward. "I could have told Ichiro myself, but it wouldn't have had the same impact, and I couldn't have conveyed the immensity of the... everything, either. Thank you."

"The more people in the know, the better," Mami says firmly. "And as your husband said, we *are* Hitomi's friends."

Hitomi chuckles quietly, smiling at you.

"*I'm* not going to thank you," she says. "But I'll see you soon. Stay safe, alright?"

"How much trouble could we possibly get into?" you say, smiling innocently.

Hitomi gives you an unamused look.

Mami giggles as she takes your arm, the Shizukis heading out of the room with you in tow. With the bill already paid, there's nothing stopping you from stepping into the chill of the evening, the rainstorm having stolen the heat from the air and leaving your breath fogging in little wisps. Well, a *bit*, anyway. Pedestrians throng the streets, chatter overshadowed by the rumble of cars.

You use it as an excuse to cuddle Mami a little closer, even as you bid farewell to the Shizukis and turn your mind to the next matter.

You... you need to talk to Homura.

You carefully don't look at your friend -one step behind you, expression blank as she follows you through the crowd- as thoughts sleet through your mind. It's something you've been turning over in the back of your mind: Homura doesn't think she deserves to be happy. And since when were you ever the type of person to simply let something like *that* go?

It's going to be a big, possibly painful conversation, but it's a necessary one, you think.

Alright.

"Hey, Homura, Mami - is it OK if we don't split up for the night just yet? I'd like to talk about some stuff first, Homura," you say, breaking the comfortable silence.

Mami glances towards you, eyes questioning, and you offer her a swift, reassuring grin and the slightest tilt of your head towards Homura. She blinks, golden eyes thoughtful, before nodding an infinitesimal fraction of an inch in agreement.

"Certainly," Homura says. She doesn't *sound* certain, exactly.

"It's nothing bad," you say bracingly, and nudge her so that she's walking alongside you. You beam at her. "It's... stuff for the future, I suppose is a good way to say it?"

"OK," Homura says, then nods firmly. "Yes."

"Mind if we hang out at your place instead? I, uh..." you glance at Mami. "Do you think Kyouko and Yuma will be back yet? It might be a bit, um, awkward to talk with them there."

"Mm..." Mami hums thoughtfully. "Probably?"

"Yeah, I thought so," you say, and make a face. "Would it be alright if we hung out at your place instead, Homura?"

"Actually, I may have a better idea?" Mami says, a tiny smile dancing on her lips.

"Oh?" you say.

"I do," Mami says, nodding firmly.

You exchange a look with Homura. She raises an eyebrow at you, expression otherwise blank, as if to say that *you're* the expert. Which is entirely fair, really, and so, finding yourself hoisted upon your own petard, you smile at Mami.

"Well, lead on, then," you say, smiling at her. You have to admit you're a little disappointed in not getting to see Homura's apartment outside of timestop -you haven't *been* there since forever, and definitely not since you'd figured out nanofog- but when Mami smiles at you with that look in her eye that says *trust me*, well.

Kirika was right, you're kind of a wimp.

... but you *really* want to check that pendulum out. And maybe take a ride on it, if it's an actual physical thing. You're not convinced, either way. Maybe you should make an excuse specifically to visit Homura's home soon.

Huh.

Does Homura even consider it her *home*, or just somewhere she sleeps? You're not entirely sure how much time she actually spends in it, come to that. Now that you think about it, she probably doesn't. Not much. Which is something else that you're... if not *quite* addressing today, well, it's related. She deserves to be happy, and she deserves to have a home, and friends, and *everything*. Admittedly, that apartment might not be home for her, but she deserves one, wherever it may be.

Your thoughts are possibly meandering a bit, much like Mami isn't. She's taken charge with aplomb, leading you and Homura down a quiet alleyway and up across the rooftops with quick, purposeful steps, and *ah*, you have an inkling of where she's taking you now.

"*I can fly us there?*" you tell her as you bound after her.

"*Let's get there the normal way,*" she says, shooting you a quick smile with the wind in her hair and a glint in her eye. She doesn't know what you're planning -not like you'd spoken of the idea out loud to *anyone* yet- but you think she's guessed at some of it because that's just how she is.

You speed across the city, bounding steps and tucked-in rolls and firmly on Mami's tail. The buildings grow taller, glass and steel replacing brick and mortar as you head towards the heart of Mitakihara, the city aglow with light that blazes defiance against the night. One building in particular stands out: not, perhaps, the tallest building in Mitakihara, but definitely one of the tallest, and the most distinct.

Homura falters for a second as she seems to cotton on too, but follows you gamely up to the spire of the DBJ building.

"We're here," Mami declares a touch needlessly, but there's a pleased smile on her face as she surveys the city. "I take it you've been here *before*, Homura?"

Rather than answer, Homura slides bonelessly into a half-seated, half-slumped position, leaning against the central antenna spire of the DBJ tower. She closes her eyes, thumping her head lightly against the steel spar, shivering the few remaining raindrops off the antenna dishes and cables.

You flop down beside her, the grating of the platform a little rough, a little uncomfortable beneath you, but somehow, with Mitakihara sprawled out past your dangling feet, with Homura at your left and Mami settling in on your other side, it feels *right*.

"When you feel ready, Homura," Mami says softly.

Homura nods, her eyes remaining closed. You can't help but fret a little - with how much Homura tries hides any signs of weakness, it's outright strange for her to be showing her exhaustion right now, but... you can understand a bit of it, you suppose. You can only imagine part of the significance of this place, for her. And she trusts you, you think. You and Mami. Trusts you enough to let her guard down a bit.

You spend a few moments in silence, before amethyst eyes flicker open in the corner of your vision, filled with purpose and unyielding intent once more. She reaches for her shield, and a stuttered instant later, Mami's unwinding ribbon to link the three of you together once more.

"We did used to come here," Homura murmurs quietly, staring out over the frozen city. "After hunts."

"I thought so," Mami says, leaning back against one of the supporting struts. There's just enough room on the platform for her to kick her feet over the edge, dangling idly, Homura matching her.

"Kyouko loved sitting on that dish over there," Homura continues in the same low, grave-whisper tone. "You always told her it would spoil the reception."

"I did," Mami says, nostalgia and old regret in her voice as she tracks the antenna dish in question. "Well... she's back, now, thanks to Sabrina."

You wrap your arm around Mami's shoulder, and she burrows into your side with a pleased, quiet sigh.

"What did you want to talk about?" Homura asks after a moment of not quite uncomfortable, frozen silence.

"Let me start by saying that Homura, if at any point, you want me to stop, if you want space to think, if you want to interject - tell me," you say, meeting her eyes squarely. "I know I can be a bit much at the best of times, and this is... this is something that I feel strongly about, you know? So I might be, um, even more *me* than usual. And Mami, you're here too. You're a part of this conversation too, OK?"

And heck, Mami's *already* helped you set the stage perfectly for the conversation, working off little more than a few hints and her own intuition. You can't help but feel so very grateful to have someone like her in your life.

"I will," Homura says. She sounds like she means it, too, so you continue.

"Well... the heart of it, the starting point, is that I want you to be happy," you say. Your smile turns a little sheepish. "Which I know sounds really obvious, but that's where things *start*. And I think I can speak for Mami when I say that it's something we *both* want, for you to be happy. Having you around makes *us* happy, too."

Because...

Heh.

Saving one lost, scared girl. Saving the world. What's the difference, really?

It starts with *one*.

"You're our friend, Homura," Mami adds. "We... we may have fought, other times. But I'm *me*, not those, those *other* mes. *I* care about you, and if those other mes had known, they would too."

"And so do I," you add. "So... that's where we're starting from. You know that, right?"

"Yes," Homura says, her voice bleak and quiet and a little bit hesitant. "I know."

"Good," you say warmly. "So..."

You kick your feet, looking at the stars above, one arm still around Mami's shoulders and the other propping you up. Homura tracks your gaze to stare up at the night sky.

"I... well. I mean this in the gentlest way, but..." you trail off for a moment, uncertain. But you need Homura to understand where you're coming from, for all this. "While *we* want you to be happy, *you* don't think you *deserve* to be happy, do you?"

Silence. You tip your head to the side, looking at Homura with a raised eyebrow, and it's a long, long moment before she speaks again.

"It's irrelevant," she whispers. "As long as Madoka's safe."

"Well, see, that's a problem," you say, smiling at her to take the sting out of it. Gently, you reach out to put your hand over hers. "I don't accept that. Because if that's true, then it's... it's not enough for *us* to want you to be happy. *You* have to believe you deserve it, too, or..."

Her hand is tiny, and cold, and unmoving beneath yours. You'd say you take a moment to check her Soul Gem, but you don't, not really. You can *sense* the Grief in it, knowledge at the back of your mind like how the temperature's a little chilly. She's fine for now.

"I mean, if *you* don't believe it, it's not gonna work, right?" you continue, waving listlessly at the world before you. "It just... it doesn't. And even if you try, it's... I mean, *forcing* yourself to be happy doesn't *work*, does it? And I can't... I can't accept the alternative."

Homura shrugs fractionally, more of a tired slump than anything.

You snort in response, closing your eyes and hooking your free arm on the nearest antenna spar so you can lean on it.

"I'm sorry, I don't mean to just... trample over you," you say. "It's not like I'm trying to *force* you to be happy. Well, in a way, um, I am, I suppose. But um, in a good way, I hope? I want you to be happy, which I suppose, um..."

"We do want you to be happy, Homura," Mami supplies, visibly fighting back a gigglefit as you trail off sheepishly. "Sabrina's right. You deserve it."

"And just to go back slightly, I want you to believe it, too," you add, shaking off your momentary confusion. "I want us all together, ten years down the line, twenty, thirty, all friends, all happy still. But it's something I can only help you towards, because if I try to, to, *convince* you to be happy, and you just go along with it, one day it'll all come crashing down."

"If Madoka's still safe, then that... that's enough," Homura murmurs. "I..."

"Mm?" You smile at Homura, waiting for her to continue.

"It doesn't matter," Homura whispers. "I just want Madoka to be safe. Whatever it takes."

"She will be," you say. "And you Wished for her, Homura. That's no small thing. You Wished to become strong enough to protect her, and you... Wishes come true. *Your* Wish can come true. It *will* come true. You *will* become someone strong enough to protect Madoka, and you *will* do it. And maybe you feel that you don't deserve happiness, but that's something that can change. By your own standards, not just mine, or Mami's. You just have to be willing to *want* it."

"It's irrelevant," Homura says. Amethyst eyes cut towards you, lost and scared for a second before she subsumes it beneath her expressionless mask. "It's not so *easy*."

"Happiness isn't easy," Mami says gently. "But do you *want* it, Homura? Because we can help with that."

Homura looks away, face as frozen as the world beyond.

You smile at Mami, lifting your arm from her shoulders so you can stand, and then step off into thin air, supported upon Grief, and you drop to both knees in front of Homura, so that you're looking up at her. Mami seems to sense your intention, shuffling so that she's sitting beside Homura now.

"Can I tell you a story, Homura?" you say softly. You were going to wait for an opening, but... you know Homura. She won't, maybe *can't* say it out loud, but you know you're not imagining the way she clings to your words, her eyes snapping back to track your movements the moment you stood, desperate for reassurance. A desperate hunger for answers.

"There was a girl who walked into a classroom at school," you murmur. "I'm sure you know her story. But let's talk about a different part of it."

You take a breath, still smiling. Reassuring, gentle, warm. Because you know that things might hurt, but that's the way an intervention goes, isn't it? And this *is* an intervention.

"She found she was *different*," you murmur quietly, your mind providing you with a highlight reel of Homura's first days at school. "She couldn't keep up, she didn't know what everyone else seemed to. But she was smart and determined. So very, very determined. So she practiced. She put blood and sweat and tears into it, into learning things she'd never known before. And it was worth it. She excelled."

Homura watches you with laser-sharp intent, her expression tired as you dredge up history long gone.

"She practiced everything that made people look at her different for not knowing," you add softly. You reach out to take Homura's hand, small and thin and cold. Mami adds her own a moment later, squeezing gently. "And nothing else. No one told her about the intangible things. The things that everyone needs, but few teach. And when she found that she needed them, she couldn't do it. And so she *wrongly* thought of herself as a failure. A..."

You hesitate for a second.

"...*good-for-nothing*," you finish, echoing an *epithet* from another time, another reality. Homura's darkest thoughts, the ones that whisper in the darkness of her soul. The despair at the end of everything. You force back the sneer at the thought - Homura would definitely misinterpret it. "That she was someone already broken before life found her."

"But that's not true," Mami whispers, a deadly quiet counterpoint to your words.

And when you look up again, you imagine your eyes must be blazing. Because Mami's right. Because that's *not* how things are. Homura's the *opposite* of a good-for-nothing. That's not how things will unfurl. You won't *let* it.

Homura wavers, unable to meet your gaze. You can feel the trembling in her hand, though, even as she stares out over the city.

"It's *not* true," you say. "You're not broken. You're not good-for-nothing. You just had no one to tell you: social skills are *skills*. They're something that can be *learned*, practiced, and *sharpened*. I..." You trail off, and laugh. "Heck, *I* didn't even have the thought until last night, when I was talking to Mami. *They are skills*, Homura. And they're something *you* can learn."

"I *know* that," Homura whispers. "I've *tried*. It- it doesn't *work* for me. Not like you or Mami or Madoka."

"How did you try, Homura?" Mami asks.

Homura shrugs again, another tired slump.

"Guides on the Internet," she mumbles. "Books."

"Ah," Mami murmurs. Her eyes flicker to you, and you reassure her with a swift smile. "Sabrina's right. It's a skill that can be learned, but... to learn to interact with people, you have to practice *with* people. I know it might have been hard, but... we'd be happy to teach you."

"And it's not just that," you say. "It's about..." You smile, briefly. "It's not a concept that comes up much in common conversation, but skills break down... a lot further than you think. Like, running is a skill, right? Everyone knows how to run, but not everyone knows how to run *well*, even beyond physical ability. You've got to get your limbs moving just right, and get your breaths synced up."

You hold out your hand, as if trying to balance the skyline of Mitakihara on the palm of your hand.

"What about walking?" you say. "Everyone knows how to walk, but people hurt really badly? They wind up having to relearn how to walk. It's another skill. And... talking to people? *Understanding* people? How to predict and plan? We can teach you that."

"It doesn't *work*," Homura whispers. "It's all- it's too *much*. I don't- I just want to protect Madoka. I-"

She breaks off, mutely shaking her head. Her eyes are dry, but the exhausted slump of her shoulders and the tense wavering of her lip tells of how *tired* of all this she is.

"Tell me how," she whispers.

---

- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

I took some fair liberties with the vote, to get it to flow well, and a chunk of it didn't make it into the update. This is a breakpoint to course-correct as necessary (or to proceed, otherwise).
