# Lowlife pt. 36

"Homura, look at me?" Mami murmurs. She waits until Homura looks at her, and then she smiles, comforting and gentle. "Homura, I think I can safely speak for both Sabrina and myself when I say that we both know how important Madoka is to you. Sabrina even more so than myself."

Honey-gold eyes flick your way for a second in silent prompt, and you nod firmly but hold your tongue - Mami has something in mind, and you trust her.

"So I can once again speak for both Sabrina and myself when I say that we're not going to tell you what to do," Mami says softly. "We're not going to take over from you, Homura. You gave your Wish for Madoka, and you *will* fulfill it. We'll be right behind you, showing you how it might be done, but it's *your* Wish. *Your* Soul."

... ah.

You get it.

"Yeah, definitely," you say. Your voice is firm and steady and, you hope, *assuring*. "I- you know what I like to say, right? I'm here to *help*, Homura. But helping isn't- it isn't doing it *instead* of you. OK?"

Homura closes her eyes, shoulders trembling. You squeeze Homura's hand in yours, Mami adding her own gentle reassurance, and you can't help but be just a little scared. You *worry* for Homura. You want her to succeed, but you *can't* take over for her, either. It goes hand in hand with wanting her to be happy - how *can* she be happy if you've taken away her heart's desire?

"OK," Homura whispers with eyes still squeezed shut. "OK. I- please. Tell... teach me."

"Are you sure, Homura?" Mami says. Her voice lightens deliberately. "We have all the time in the world, after all. How are you feeling?"

"Yeah," you agree. "I can cleanse you whenever you need. Speaking of..." You trail off with a questioning tone, and wait for Homura to make a noise of assent before you cleanse her Soul Gem.

"I-" Homura looks at you, then at Mami, then out at the city, nervous, jittery glances. "I'm OK."

"A-" Mami seems to think better of what she was going to say, and changes tactics. "Well... Sabrina, do you need to take a moment to figure out a lesson plan?"

"It could help, yeah," you say, humming. You swing yourself back onto the platform, hand on rough steel and legs dangling off the edge once more, positioned on Homura's other side. She's stuck between you and Mami, who shoots you a swift smile over Homura's bowed head.

The smile is for you, but the note of worry creasing Mami's forehead is for Homura. You need to be careful, Mami says to you in that one look. This might help, but the ice you tread upon is thin and creaking a little.

You nod back at her, returning the smile, and quirk an eyebrow in return. How's she handling the silence of the time stop? It's not Mami's first time in here any more, but you remember she was particularly discomfited by it. Mami tips her head towards Homura, smiling still, and shrugs with one shoulder - she's dealing with it, and will continue to deal with it for Homura's sake.

You nod, and rest your hand lightly on Homura's shoulder. Your friend -your *best* friend- twitches under the touch before relaxing just a fraction, the cable-taut tension of her muscles easing as she slumps.

"Do you feel up to continuing?" you ask gently.

"Please," Homura says, her voice perhaps a touch more resolute.

"Alright," you say, squeezing her shoulder gently before standing, stepping off once more into thin air. You spread your arms wide, encompassing the time-stopped world at large. "Well. Welcome to How To Learn 101 - I'm Sabrina Vee, and I'll be your professor today."

You smile at Homura, because this might be something *important* for her to hear, to learn, but you... you don't want the atmosphere to be too heavy either. You want Homura to learn, and you don't want her to be too *scared*, either.

"So..." you say, starting to pace back and forth on instantly-formed platforms. "The first step to mastering a skill is recognizing that they are comprised of smaller components. And I know that might seem obvious, but it bears repeating. Then after understanding each of those parts, you can put them together to make a greater whole."

You shrug lightly, lifting one foot off its Grief platform and flexing said foot.

"To go back to, well, walking, first you've got to know how to control your muscles. Then you've got to be able to balance, then you've got to be able to coordinate your arms and leg and all that," you say. "And then you get good enough at walking, then running, that you don't even have to think about the basic things any more, yeah?"

Homura nods, her head tracking your movement as if on a swivel, drinking in the words.

"Reading books wasn't a bad idea," you say, nodding at her. "But even then, it's... look, books are written with unspoken biases and assumptions. And generally? The big assumption is that you have some 'basic' level of skill already... which might not apply, if someone's spent, oh, a few formative years confined to bed rest."

You exhale, stopping to give Homura a solemn, serious look.

"None of that is your fault," you say. "It wasn't in any way your fault that you were deprived of opportunities almost everyone else has, and it certainly isn't something that can't be remedied. If someone spends a few years in a coma and wakes up to find that they don't know how to *walk* anymore, we don't *give up* on them, we teach them how to walk again from the very *basics*. To extend the metaphor, that person buying a book on 'How to run' and it not helping isn't *their* failure."

Grief shimmers behind you to form a solid plane hanging mid-air, like a blackboard. Or more accurately, given what you intend - a screen. A skip, a step as you twist and flop back down next to Homura, the platform and the antenna spars reverberating with the impact of your body.

"So. Class is now in session," you say. "And I'll be teaching by case study. In this case, your first meeting with Madoka in this timeline, if that's alright? I'll play it out for all three of us to see, and I'll break it down for you?"

Homura nods once more, with her brow knitted into a frown of intense concentration as she glares into the screen as if attempting to divine its secrets by force of will alone.

"So we'll go over it play-by-play," you say, your eyes flickering over to Mami, who catches your attention and nods in approval. "I'll be pointing out what you're doing, the kind of effects it's having, and how you might conduct yourself in the future. With that in mind-"

You close your eyes, *visualizing* the scene, and hit your mental 'play' button. Distortions wash across the Grief screen, millions of protrusions forming to refract the unearthly half-light of the timestop into vibrant colour, the image warping before snapping into crisp focus.

Together with Mami and Homura herself, you watch as Homura chases Kyuubey through the dilapidated remains of what must have been a parking lot for cars and bikes alike, thick with dust and strewn with old bicycles. Rust coats exposed metal, discarded crates and mouldering equipment stacked haphazardly against the walls, all illuminated by dim, weak light. Homura's footsteps ring loud, flickering blasts of purple chasing the Incubator.

Your attention flicks to Mami. She seems alright, admittedly, watching with her lips pressed together in a thin line, and you can guess at her thoughts, from the look on her face. It doesn't take a genius, after all, in light of what she knows now about Kyuubey. She's dissecting its manipulations... and contrasting it to how she herself had been duped into feeding into it.

And then comes Madoka, sprinting in just to see Kyuubey tumble out of a hatch in the ceiling, injured and panting. Some chain clatters down after it, Madoka's panting and the rattle of metal the only sound until Homura's footsteps join in. You can feel Homura tensing as she watches herself speak, trying to convince Madoka to step aside... and when that didn't work, she strode towards Madoka, who in turn cradles the Incubator against herself, trying to protect it.

"Madoka was afraid of you," you say softly, pausing the playback. "Even before you spoke there, she was afraid. Do you see how she flinched?"

"I know," Homura whispers. "I *know*. I wanted-" She shakes her head, lips sealing shut as she turns away from the screen.

"Hey," you murmur. "Homura, it's OK. What are you thinking?"

You bite back on the impulse to hug Homura for the moment, as much as you'd like to. You *ache* to comfort her, but she needs to work through this - and she looks like she *is*, her jaw tense. Maybe you should get a pillow.

You shake off the thought as Homura starts to speak at last.

"I *wanted* to scare her," Homura whispers. "I can't- it *hurt* her, I know it did, but. Scaring her *worked*. Show her the bad things about magical girls, and she wouldn't Wish until she was pushed."

She takes a shuddering, shaky breath.

"It's- it's the closest thing that's come to working," she says, her voice low and choked and pained. "Scare her. Make her hate me, hate magical girls. I- I can't be *charming* like you. She- *Sayaka* called me *cool* yesterday. Madoka is- *Madoka*."

The last word is less a name and more a *prayer*, uttered in fervence and attempting to encapsulate...

Well, you can guess.

Attempting to encapsulate everything to do with Madoka's current circumstances: read in on the secrets, *participating*, and yet happy and smiling and a *friend* to Homura, despite everything she's done. A complete reversal of everything she'd tried to accomplish, and yet the *better* for it.

"Teach me that," Homura whispers. "Please."

---

- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Was the scene in full anime?
The *real* question, of course, is whether it was subbed or not.
Perhaps. You can't prove nothin'.

Also: First of all, apologies for the late update. It's been a... it's been a good few days. Second of all, a lot of the original vote didn't get used, but that's because Homura decided to take off in a different direction.
