# Lowlife pt. 37

Well, there goes your train of thought, doesn't it? You'd been sort of leaning into the whole issue with Homura not understanding how to social, nor how to *learn* how to be social, but she's torpedoed that with just a few words - with just as much precision as she shoots.

There are... a lot of things to address here, and you're not entirely sure where to *star-*

"There are... a lot of things to address here," you say slowly, before the silence stretches out too far. Before Homura can think better of her question, of her *plea*. "But the first thing is that... Sayaka called you cool, yes, and I didn't make her do that. *I* didn't make her do that. *You* did, Homura, because you *are* cool. I-"

Homura opens her mouth to speak, and you cut her off with a quick shake of your head and a smile.

"I *mean* it, Homura," you say. "I- well, c'mon, you know Sayaka. She's stubborn and proud and *principled*. If she says something, it's because she believes it. You know that, right?"

"She's never done that before," Homura whispers, low, quiet and perhaps just a bit pained in the way she hunches down ever so slightly on herself. "She- she's never liked me. She's always been suspicious of me."

You exhale slowly, tipping your head back and looking at the night sky, frozen in hues of monochrome, taking a moment to gather your skittering thoughts. You can feel Mami's eyes on you, and your gazes lock for a second - you nod slightly. You've got this.

You think.

"You know what I *did* do, Homura?" you murmur quietly, sitting down so that you're eye-level with her. You can hardly remain standing when you'd been about to critique Homura's first impression to Madoka: towering over Madoka, intimidating her with height alone. So you bring yourself down, perching on a tiny platform of Grief to hover before Homura and Mami. Your smile remains in place, gentle and -you hope- reassuring.

"I made it so that you and Sayaka could exist in the same space without her being at your throat all the time," you say. "And that *is* something I can teach you, but... that's really all I did. I opened the possibility up, and Sayaka considering you cool, considering you a friend? That's between you and her. It's because you *are* cool, and you *are* worth befriending."

"I'm no-"

Mami cuts Homura off with a ruthless 'tut'.

"You are, Homura," you say, shooting Mami a swift smile.

"Perhaps you don't feel like it," Mami says. "I understand how you feel, Homura. I haven't been in quite the same situation you have before, Homura, but I understand the feeling."

*That* gets a twitch out of Homura. Her expression flickers to confusion, eyes darting up to Mami's face for a moment.

"I... I *pretended* to be the perfect sempai," Mami says softly. "Partially because... because *it* encouraged me to, but also because I was lonely. If I were just *good enough*, then my friends wouldn't abandon me, right? So I put on a facade. If I could seem cool enough, then people would want to stay, but there was always worry. That it was fake, that people would *know* it was fake, and..."

The smile Mami graces you with is nothing short of dazzling.

"I don't... I don't have to worry about that now, but I truly *do* understand what it feels like to not... not see yourself as others see you," she says. "And I understand that our circumstances are quite, quite different. But I hope you can believe that you're not alone."

"And... well, on that same note, Homura," you say, deciding to pick up the thread from Mami. "You say that I'm charming, but half the time, I feel like *I'm* a failure there too, you know? I can get it right *some* of the time, but it feels like I'm cheating because I know *enough* about people to, to *manipulate* them. So believe me, I get it too."

Homura shakes her head mutely.

"'But it's different for me'," Mami murmurs. "'But they're *succeeding*, and I'm not'. Right, Homura?"

She doesn't answer, simply hunching her shoulders in on herself, head bowing low.

"*Wrong*," you say. "Homura, I..."

You wave your hands.

"There's a lot to cover here. I'm not saying I won't teach you or that I can't teach you," you say. "I'm saying that you've got some... gah, some advantages that are beneficial, that have already been the cause of beneficial outcomes. Yes, the circumstances are different, but it was because of circumstances-" You weigh something invisible in one hand "-*and* the traits that you possess-" another invisible weight in your other hand "-that resulted in the outcomes we're seeing. Does that make sense?"

Homura stills for a moment. Then she nods.

"And taking that as given, I *can* teach you to leverage your advantages better, *and* how the circumstances can come up," you say. "And I think that's what you want, right?"

Another measured nod, less certain than the last.

"But there's something to address before that. It's... I'm a little stuck on the word 'charming'?" you say, air-quoting the word. "Because I'm... *not* charming."

"Yes, you are," Mami says. A tiny smile curls her lips, humour dancing in her eyes. "You are *very* charming, Sabrina."

"Well, I know you think so, but that *does* kind of feed into my point," you say, returning Mami's smile. "'Charming' is a bit of a nebulous thing. And. Most importantly: it's not a catch-all thing. It's a trap *I'm* prone to falling into, too: social interactions are very much *not* a one-size-fits-all thing. Do you get that, Homura?"

"No," Homura says.

"Well... do *you* think I'm charming?" you ask Homura. "I promise I'm going somewhere with this."

"I suppose?" Homura says hesitantly.

"Am I? To *you*?" you press gently, leaning forward a little. "I mean... I promise you won't hurt my ego."

Hesitantly, Homura shakes her head, fidgeting with the hem of her skirt.

"I'm a little intense, right? A little controlling sometimes. I keep pushing you, and sometimes I'm kind of weird, right? Like now, or our very first conversation, way back then," you say. "Sometimes I mess up, and I mess up hard. Maybe other annoyances too. Right?" Taking Homura's silence as answer enough by itself, you grin. "I'm a *little* self-aware. Sometimes. The point is: despite all that, you... I like to think you trust me? You consider me a friend?"

This time, Homura's nod is sure and firm, and *oh* you can't help the smile on your face.

"That's my point," you say. "'Charming' isn't a one size fits all. Mami thinks I am, you don't. And... that's a mistake *I'm* prone to making too, like I said: social situations aren't a *problem* in want of a *solution*. They're interactions, give and take, and everyone reacts differently, and that's *fine*."

You thump your fist to your chest for emphasis, and grin.

"So that's my first lesson, I suppose," you say. "What works for me doesn't necessarily work for you. What works to convince Sayaka might not work on Madoka. *I* am a hammer. When all I've got is a hammer, well..."

Mami nods in agreement.

"Perhaps some examples to help Homura understand better, Sabrina?" she says.

"I was thinking that, yeah," you say with a smile. "But... Homura? Are we making sense? Are you following OK?"

"I... think so," Homura says hesitantly. "Approaches have to be tailored."

Mami hums thoughtfully, drawing the attention of both you and Homura.

"Have you ever heard the advice 'just be yourself'?" Mami says. At Homura's nod, Mami continues. "There's a lot of truth to it, as trite as it sounds. It's not wrong to say that talking to different people requires different approaches, but you mustn't let it become *false*. You shouldn't, for example, try to be Sabrina."

"Yeah. It's the little things *you* do that helped Sayaka get to like you, not to mention Madoka and Hitomi," you say. "Like when you joke around - did I ever tell you that you're actually really funny when you want to be? You're fantastic at the dry, deadpan delivery, and it works very well for *you*."

Mami's nodding in agreement. "Not only that, you've fought side by side with us, and allowed us to make earnest connections to you," she says. "Speaking for myself, Homura, I'm truly grateful and humbled that you've shared your story with me, and that you're comfortable enough to *have* this conversation we're having right now. And... in turn, I've been sharing my personal anecdotes and fears to help you. Does that make sense?"

"It... it does," Homura says, her eyes darting from you to Mami.

"Sayaka and Madoka would do no less, I believe," you say, and hold up a hand. "I know you're against sharing your story with Madoka, and I'm not asking you to right now. I'm saying that people generally reciprocate. One person has to let their guard down first, and others, recognizing that, will in turn let their guards down too. That's the general idea of how you start building a rapport, and then trust, and friendship. Make sense?"

Homura exhales, her expression hungry and almost painfully eager. She's hanging on to your every word, drinking it all in, and for a fraction of a second, you can see the timid, scared girl she used to be, before the wheels of time ground her down. She *wants* to learn, she *wants* to understand.

She nods silently.

"Would you like a moment to think over what we've said?" Mami offers. "Do you have any questions?"

The silence of the timestop stretches out for a moment, Homura's brow furrowing in intense concentration. You take the moment to stand and stretch, catching Mami's eye for a moment - another lightning fast exchange of glances, confirming that the both of you are feeling good about this. You think you're on the right track.

"You... you said I had advantages," Homura says, finally.

"Ah," you say, and grin as you plop back down into a seated position. "Well, the first and foremost is that you *are* cool. You've got that whole cool, reserved mien that's backed up by sheer competence. You're a veteran magical girl with years of experience behind you, and it *shows*, you know? Even to people who aren't fighters. Plus, your sense of humour is absolutely superb, and you *care*."

"And by most objective measures, you're very pretty," Mami says, smiling slightly. "I'm rather biased-" a swift smile your way "-but I believe that most would agree."

"And your *hair*," you say. "I... Homura, I know I've commented on your hair before, but *your hair*."

"It *is* very nice hair," Mami says with a smile.

Homura absorbs that, raising her hand to her hair and fidget with a lock of the silken strands, rubbing them between two fingers.

"How\..." Homura licks her lips. "How does it all... *work*?"

"Ah..." you exchange another look with Mami. "Maybe an example. Mami, Homura, do you remember when we were hunting Oriko in timestop?"

"Ah, yes," Mami says. "I remember."

"And... Homura, do you remember how Mami's opinion effectively did a complete reversal over the course of that?" you continue, transferring your attention to Homura.

"Yes," Homura says.

"Well, why do you think that is?" you say, smiling.

"Because..." If the frown on Homura's brow were any deeper, it'd split right through her skull. "Because I was fighting with her?"

"That's part of it," Mami says, smiling. "Even if we had separate reasons for going after her, the fact that we were fighting as a unified front, towards the same goal, did a lot to help earn my trust. And... you were comfortable enough to fall asleep in my living room. I... I know now that it was in part because it was familiar surroundings for you, but at the time, the fact that you felt safe enough to show vulnerability around me did a lot to ease my concerns."

"Oh," Homura says. She swallows, looking from Mami, to you, and back. "OK."

"Mm... unrelated to that hunt," Mami says, tapping her chin thoughtfully. "I'm not sure if you've noticed it yourself, Homura, but when you fight, you have a tendency to support other people when they need it - covering their backs from unexpected attackers and clearing space for them to breathe. I'm sure it's something that Sayaka must have noticed, too, and that's something that would have helped."

Homura nods again.

"Take a moment to process it," you say encouragingly. "Alright?"

You take a moment to cleanse Homura's Soul Gem, as well as your own, and Mami's. Mami smiles at you, reaching out to take your hand, and you hop across the platform to join her and wrap her in a hug as Homura thinks, staring out over the frozen skyline of Mitakihara.

Mami leans against you with a pleased sigh, burrowing contentedly under your arm.

After a few minutes of silence, Homura finally breaks the quiet.

"How does it all come together?" she asks quietly. "I... my, my advantages. And circumstances."

**\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Amalgamated votes for this update.
