# Lowlife pt. 39

The smile that spreads across your face is slow and wide enough that someone could probably make a pretty good go at knocking the top of your head off. Then you shake yourself, and wipe it off your face so that you don't scare Homura too much.

It might not be what you'd come into this meaning *intending* to teach Homura -you're not even entirely sure whether you were on the right *track* with that any more- but you've convinced Homura to try. And as you told her not five minutes ago - that's enough. And even should the worst case scenario should come to pass, well, you hope you've given her enough reassurance.

It won't, of course. You're here to *help*. But fear isn't rational. Offering Homura a lifeline, offering her a way to hedge her bets against the ever-present fear of *but what if* is more than worth the effort. And heck, it's not like *you* don't understand wanting to protect yourself and your friends against the neverending *what if*s of the world.

"Good," you say. You force yourself to not dance with absolute glee, rocking back on your heels and just smiling - at Homura, at Mami. "I'm glad."

"Do remember to take it at your own pace, Homura," Mami cautions gently. "It does no good rushing into it."

Homura nods once more, still silent and thoughtful and *thinking*, expression just a little strained.

You catch Mami's eye, quirking an eyebrow and raising both hands slightly. She raises her eyebrows right back at you, her expression quizzical as she tilts her head just a fraction towards Homura. You grin, and nod, and grin a little wider as Mami's eyebrows contrive to climb a little further. She nods slowly, gracing you with a tiny, secret smile.

"Homura?" you say. "Would it be OK if I gave you a hug? Would you feel better for it?"

Homura's eyes flicker from you to Mami, a tiny crease on her brow. She nods, uncertainly at first, then seems to find resolve from within herself to nod once again, more firmly this time.

Mami moves at the same time as you do, and you both engulf Homura in a hug. She stiffens for a second before she realizes what's happening, making a confused noise.

"We're your friends, Homura," you murmur. "We want you to be happy."

"And we'll help you in your goals," Mami promises. "That's what friends are for."

"... Thank you," Homura mumbles, leaning into the hug after a long pause. She doesn't hug back, stiff and awkward, but neither does she pull away, either. And maybe *your* position's a little uncomfortable, balanced on Grief platforms and leaning forward so you can wrap your arms around Mami and Homura, but...

Eh.

A bit of discomfort is an utter pittance of a price to pay.

None of you speak for a moment, the slight creak of the metal platform under Mami and Homura's weights the only sound to accompany your breathing. Mami feels a little tense under your arms, uncomfortable still in the timestop, but she's hiding it well for Homura's sake.

You're really, *really* glad to have Mami by your side. Not just here and now, but... in general. And it's not like you don't already have plans to take her out for dinner tomorrow, but... you want to do nice things for her. It's that simple.

Hah.

Still, that's for later. You have more things to sort out before then.

Homura stirs a little, and so you release her from the hug, still smiling as you swing yourself over to sit on the platform once more, by Mami's other side. Mami nestles against your side with a happy sigh, tucking herself under your arm. Her hand finds yours, fingers intertwining.

"There's... two more things that I'd like to raise before we head off tonight, if that's OK with you, Mami, Homura?" you say. "They're... well, they're just as serious as the other stuff we've been talking about, but uh... *different* serious. I... we could talk about it another time, if you don't feel up to it right now, but since the three of us are here...?"

Homura makes a noise of vague agreement.

"I would be alright with it either way," Mami says, despite the tension in her shoulders, and you smile at her.

"There's not *too* much to it, just... Walpurgisnacht," you say, and *that* has Homura jolting upright. "So... this is *slightly* speculation, but only slightly."

You bite your lip, thinking, then nod decisively.

"Homura, do you recall how I described it, the *first* time we spoke?" you say.

"The Stage-constructing Witch," Homura murmurs. And if her voice is quiet, her eyes are sharp and alert, once more back on familiar ground.

"Yeah," you say, nodding in agreement. "That epithet is... kind of literal, as far as I know, and... I'm going to caution, again, that this is *somewhat* speculative. I'm willing to stake a lot on this, and I *have* been, with all the preparations I've been making, but it doesn't mean that we shouldn't prepare alternatives."

"Understood," Homura says. Mami's pulled herself upright, peering at you with curiosity.

"So: stage constructing Witch," you say. "And that's literal, insofar as Walpurgisnacht runs on *drama*. On, on *narrative terms*. And that's why it's so strong, that's why Madoka's the person who can defeat it. The... the self-sacrificing, pure-hearted heroine is... well, it's a powerful *story*, isn't it?"

"Are you sure?" Homura says. There's a tremor in her voice, a crackle of worry in her posture and a tightening of her brow.

"Not completely," you say, shaking your head as you reach across Mami and beckon for Homura's hand. Wordlessly, she presents the back of her hand to you, and you drain her Soul Gem as you continue. Mami's too, just to be sure. "But if I'm right on that front, then we *are* going to beat Walpurgisnacht this time. Because we're going to, uh, metaphorically change the genre - switch it up from tragedy."

You grin at Homura, kicking your feet and letting the Grief swirl in a theatrical spiral before you, thick and viscous and syrupy as you 'drain' it away into hammerspace.

"And following that logic, just... *working* on the problems you've had will help," you say, and hold your hand up. "I'm *not* staking everything on it, and we're still going to recruit more allies and more firepower and everything to our side, but - I genuinely think this has a good chance of helping. The hero fighting to improve herself and overcome past difficulties and all."

Homura looks askance at you, expression tightening, and you can guess at her thoughts - she's not a hero, she's a failure, and... Wonder of wonders, you watch her swallow those thoughts, violet eyes hooded by her brows but nevertheless relaxing by the tiniest fraction.

"Witches do often have themes," Mami muses thoughtfully. "And sometimes playing along is the best way to defeat them, but it's rare that a Witch can't be overcome by force. A story-based theme doesn't sound too unlikely."

"Mm," you say, leaning forward and propping your elbows on your knees and your chin on your hands - at least in part so you can watch Homura out of the corner of your eye. "Part of it is Walpurgisnacht's seeming invincibility schtick. I *think*... well. Homura, you'd have better knowledge than I do - it's nearly invulnerable to mundane weaponry, right?"

"Not completely," Homura says. "Enough force can push it around. Superficial damage." She exhales slowly, shaking her head, and when she speaks again, it's through a clenched jaw. "I've only seen Madoka hurt it seriously. You've... damaged it before, Mami."

"But not enough, I imagine," Mami says. She nods slowly. "It adds credence to Sabrina's theory."

"I'd say it's a hypothesis," you correct. "I've got... some knowledge supporting it, but it's something I haven't really *tested* properly, and it's not exactly something that's easy to test anyway. So. Hypothesis, not theory, albeit one I think is reasonably well founded, but still not something to totally rely on. So it's... *one* of our prongs of attack."

"Hypothesis, then," Mami says, accepting that. "Perhaps there's a magical girl out there with a similar kind of power, too, that we can recruit."

"It's more data," Homura says. "Thank you." After a pause, she hesitantly adds, "It's good that it's not the... core of your strategy."

"'course," you say, grinning. "I know I goof off a lot, but hey. I don't goof off on the important things."

"Yes," Homura agrees.

"It's part of your charm, Sabrina," Mami says, slipping her hand into your elbow. You cover her hand with yours and beam at her, but just for a moment as your mind turns to the *last* thing you want to raise for now.

"So, I said two things," you say. "Walpurgisnacht was the first, and the second..."

"Kyuubey?" Mami guesses, her expression hardening.

"Yeah," you say, squeezing her hand as you exhale a slow, drawn-out sigh. "So. You know how it always tells the truth?"

"Yes?" Homura says and there you go, *that's* why you wanted to bring this up before more damage is done.

"Well... doesn't it?" you say.

"... No?" Homura says, now hesitant and unsure. "I've never caught it in a lie."

You nod.

"That's an important distinction, don't you think? Just because it doesn't lie doesn't mean it always tells the truth," you say. "And yes, there is a pretty important difference. I..." You search for an example, but many of the ones you could use are off the table, given that Mami doesn't know the secret of Witches. "I, um, Mami, would you mind if I used an example from a... a private moment a while ago?"

Golden eyes lock onto yours, uncomprehending for a second before widening a hair in realization. She nods slowly, but something in the set of her shoulders and the twixt of her lips has you shutting up before you say anything. The silence stretches out, a looking between the two of you in confusion.

"I... this was a while ago, as Sabrina said," Mami murmurs at last, her back straight and head held high, gaze fixed on the skyline beyond. As steady as her voice and bearing are, though, her fingers are tight around yours. "Sabrina was comforting me. Kyuubey showed up, and said that Sabrina was an excellent actress."

A steady undercurrent of raw *fury* simmers beneath Mami's calm voice as she speaks.

"It was telling the truth, I think," Mami says. "Sabrina *is* an excellent actress. But in the moment, I was afraid that Sabrina *was* acting, only *pretending* to care about me. That she wasn't truly my friend. Kyuubey didn't say anything untrue, but still it lied to me."

"Kyuubey uses its 'truths' to mislead and to hurt," you say. You're proud of how even your voice is, really. And if Mami's grip on your hand is enough to make your bones creak, well, it's only fair to return the favour. "And we frankly have no guarantee that it only tells the truth - it's useful to have a *reputation* for it, and even more useful to be able to break that when the situation aligns perfectly."

You look at Homura. "The right word to the right person at the right time, that's all it takes," you say. "It uses its words to hurt. To kill. What I've just told you about Walpurgisnacht, for example - it could have told you that and *implied* that you would never beat it."

"It's an enemy," Homura says, deadly soft and dangerous. "It's always been the enemy."

She doesn't look upset. Not really. Nor does she seem worried or dismayed or anything at all, but then her response is reason enough: she's always considered Kyuubey an enemy. This just makes another avenue for her to be wary of.

"It's an enemy," Mami echoes quietly. You close your other hand over Mami's, running your thumb gently over the delicate skin between her knuckles.

"And we treat it as such," you finish. "Words included."

Homura shrugs, a sort of vague tilt of her shoulder that's mostly agreement and very slightly tinged with the tiniest smidgen of a soupcon of reproachful 'I was going to anyway'.

"Strength in numbers," you add. "One of its key tactics is to isolate people, and use that to pick them apart. If something comes up, if it starts telling you things... reach out. Treat it as hostile action, because Kyuubey *is* willing to *kill* us with its words, and... strength in numbers the best remedy to that."

Homura nods sharply, eyes flickering to Mami.

"I will," Mami says quietly. She exhales. "We should tell Sayaka about this too, soon."

"Definitely," you agree. "Heck, Madoka and Hitomi too - they need to know to be wary of Kyuubey, if it wasn't already abundantly obvious."

Homura's lips thin, but after a moment, she nods. Because *this* is something she can see the value of, or so you hope. Anything to push Madoka further from the Incubator. She nods again, sharper this time.

"Then... with that out of the way, that's pretty much the last of what I had to say," you say. "Thanks for being here, and... thanks for listening, Homura, Mami. Is there anything you wanna talk about before we head off?"

"No," Homura says, shaking her head. "Thank you."

Mami shakes her head too.

---

- [ ] Hug Mami
- [x] Confirm Grief Seed clearing with Ishinomaki for the morning
- [x] Check with the University Group about the Tome group
- [x] Book restaurant for dinner tomorrow
- [ ] Turn in for the night
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

So, a slightly early break because there's housekeeping for Sabrina to sort out before sleeping, but other than that, the next update will probably bring you to Sunday!
