# Lowlife pt. 40

"Then that's that," you say. You huff out a relieved sigh and beam at Homura and Mami. "One more time, then: thanks for listening, Homura. And thank you for being here, Mami."

You're a little worried that Homura isn't taking the warning about Kyuubey seriously enough, but really... she already considered the little white rat an enemy. Your warning, to her, is one more weapon uncovered in its arsenal, and a contingency to counter that weapon which she's accepted and agreed to. That's all it is, and that's all it needs to be - to Homura.

Mami, on the other hand...

"... Thank you for teaching me," Homura says, rising gracefully to her feet, her heels scraping on the steel grating of the platform and sending reverberations up the frozen antenna. She reaches for her shield, giving you a questioning look.

You nod, and Homura allows time to resume.

Mami flinches as noise and sound and *colour* rushes over you, dulled greys bleeding into velvet darkness studded and streaked with light: endless threads of cars and people and life in the city laid out at your feet, the sounds of Mitakihara a distant roar to drown out the twinkle of the stars in the heavens. The air feels fresher, a breeze curling past your face and ruffling your hair as if grateful to be released from the tyranny of time stop.

Raindrops shiver from the antennas above, shaken loose by vibrations now free to propagate through the steel structure, chilly droplets that you bat out of the air before they can soak your hair and your clothes. Mami sighs, golden eyes flicking up for a second before curling a little closer under your arm, her grip still crushing on yours.

You squeeze her gently around her shoulders, and as you begin to get to your feet, she immediately tightens her hand on yours and you sit back - but for all that, her expression remains calm, even relieved to be out of Homura's timestop. She's not trembling, not quite, but she *is* tense.

Homura stands stock-still for a moment, expression distant, before unfreezing and blinking at you.

"You're going to Ishinomaki tomorrow," she asks, without making it a question.

"Yep," you say. "Why?"

"May I come along?" Homura asks. "I want to consult with Miss Inoue." She pauses, then adds, "Weather-related."

"Uh, sure," you say. You give her a quizzical frown - the only thing you can really think of in conjunction with Inoue Yuuki and the weather is the meteorological institute hack so that they'll 'find' Walpurgisnacht as a supercell storm, but she already *did* that. "I'll come get you in the morning. Speaking of, do you wanna stay over tonight? Well, uh, I'd have to check if Kyouko's there already, but if not...?"

Homura shakes her head.

"Not tonight," she says.

"Fair enough," you say. "Our door's always open, anyway. So... goodnight, and see you tomorrow!"

"... goodnight," Homura says, nodding at the two of you, then dropping off the side of the building with a long step. You track her as she turns her fall into a leap, pushing off the side of the building, and then as she disappears beyond your range - but only with a tiny fraction of your consciousness, turning your attention to Mami instead.

"I-" Mami shivers, looking up at you and smiling. Wobbly, but true. "I'm alright."

"Are you sure, Mami?" you murmur, peering worriedly at her. She hasn't let go of your hand yet. Not that you'd want her to, of course.

"I'm-" Mami takes a deep breath, and nods. "I am. I *am* alright, I'm just..."

She trails off, her expression steady and fixed on your face, before shivering and shifting closer to tuck her head under your chin, finally releasing your hand so that she can wrap her arms around you in a hug that has your breath whooshing from your lungs.

... well, honestly, you're mystified, and concerned, just a bit. You believe her if she says she's alright, but if Mami wants hugs, then Mami *gets* hugs. You close your arms around her. She sways, and nuzzles closer still, making a soft, incomprehensible noise.

"S-so," Mami mumbles into the fabric of your coat after a while. "Why anime?"

You blink at her, and then giggle.

"Why *not* anime?" you say, rubbing her back gently.

"Mmm... I'm not the biggest fan of shounen," Mami murmurs. "But it sounds like it might be good for Homura."

"I can't quite imagine Homura as a shounen character," you observe.

"Mm. Maybe not," Mami says. She finally releases her death grip on you, one hand freed to toy with your hair. "... sorry."

"What on earth for?" you say, smiling and pressing a gentle kiss to the top of her head. "Are you alright?"

"I am," she says, her voice stronger. "I'm just... that was a *lot*, Sabrina. I know\... I know about Homura, but hearing it all like that put it in... contrast, I suppose."

"Ah," you say, and it's your turn to squeeze her in a tight hug. "For what it's worth, thank you."

"I wouldn't be anywhere else for the *world*, Sabrina," Mami says.

Looking at yourself, *examining* yourself and realizing that elsewhere, else*when*, you would have been an enemy to your friend, realizing that you would have *fought* and realizing that you had *died* elsewhere... well. That can't have been easy, can it?

There was an elsewhen -the *majority*, even- where *you* never existed, where all the changes you've made never existed. It's something *you* shrugged off, but Mami has had it shoved in her face, stark and bleak and painful that things could have gone so very, very differently. And she took a look at herself, soul-deep, all the ugly truths and possibilities... and came away with an honest answer.

And she smiled, nevertheless, for Homura's sake.

You hug Mami a little tighter still. She says she's alright, and you believe her, but the *least* she deserves is a hug, and you hope that some of your gratitude and adoration and utter, absolute *respect* is getting through to her. You are so, *so* glad for Mami, and not just for her help today, and you hope she knows that.

"The *least* I can say is thank you," you say, smiling. "You do so much to help, Mami, and you mean so much to me."

"Then I'll say thank *you* for being you," Mami says softly. "And you can't reject that. Let's just stay like this for a while longer?"

"As long as you want," you say, tilting your head back to rest on the metal of the antenna spars. Mami nestles comfortably under your arm with a pleased sigh, so you'll take that as general agreeability with the notion. She *did* suggest it, after all.

It's peaceful up here, comfortable in a way that timestop wasn't *quite*. You're less susceptible to it than most, you suspect, and... ah, another thing Mami endured for Homura's sake. The endless, *hungry* silence of the timestop, the yawning abyss that drank down every scrap of sound and asked for more. Here and now, the heartbeat of the city is a low thrum at the edge of your perception, humming onwards.

You can't help but start toying with Mami's hair after a few minutes, curling strands around your finger and teasing them into smaller ringlets to match her trademark drills. By the time Mami stirs again, you've turned her entire fringe into a sheet of dangling curls.

... which you admit isn't the most *fashionable* look, but Mami can make *anything* look good.

Golden eyes flicker open, Mami tilting her head back to look at you, and you don't need a word to understand her. She smiles, standing without letting go of your hand, and tugs you to your feet and away. Away from the antenna spar, away from the DBJ building, away from the heart of the city.

Home.

The apartment's empty when you get there, Kyouko evidently having not returned yet from her hunting and... perhaps not necessarily brooding, but probably *some* brooding. She'd seemed more cheerful after helping kick down Iowa's door, but she'd still ditched you to go hunt Witches with Yuma. That's fair enough, you suppose - as you'd said to Homura, your intensity and *energy* might not be the easiest thing for everyone to swallow.

*And* whatever's been annoying her, too. Mami reckons that it's just that she's not used to all the changes, but you can't help but worry. It's in your nature, after all.

Mami hums quietly, her hand still in yours as she tows you over to the sofa and tugging you down insistently - not that she did have to *insist*. And you stay like that for a while, simply luxuriating in being home and in each other's presence.

There's a flutter of wings, and Mugin pokes his head in through the open window, cawing cheerfully at you as he hops over.

Mami giggles, cautiously reaching out to scratch Mugin on the head. The crow caws happily, bumping its head against Mami's hand, and she smiles, delighted.

"It seems we really have been adopted," Mami observes as Mugin loses interest and hops off to explore the apartment some more.

"Apparently so," you say, amused.

"Ah, well," Mami says, stretching luxuriously. "I do still have some homework to finish up, so... if you don't mind, Sabrina?"

"Not at all," you say, beaming, and just to punctuate your assertion, you grab Mami's schoolbag for her, swinging it over with a bit of Grief. "Do you mind if I use your laptop?"

"Go ahead," Mami says with a smile.

It takes a bit of squirming around to get comfortable while leaving Mami able to write out her homework, but with a bit of Grief to form a floating desk in front of her, both of you can stay cuddled up on the sofa while Mami does her homework, and you skim over the Internet. You make a booking at the nicest restaurant you can find - and the nicest one that doesn't need a credit card. You could borrow Mami's, but you want it to be a surprise!

With that done, you shuffle around so you can prop your chin on Mami's shoulder and watch as she works on her homework, neat handwriting flowing across the page. Back to science homework this time, it seems - chemistry.

Ultimately, you disengage, and check on the mind-protection enchantments you'd made - little hairclips of solid gold, cold-forged and enchanted with your best guess defence against Tokyo's memory-tweaking. You *might* be immune yourself, but your friends and allies aren't.

You make a few more, just in case.

And speaking of your friends and allies, there's a few quick conversations that you should probably be checking off before you head to sleep tonight, too.

"*Hey, Sayaka, Kyouko, we're still on fo-*"

"*Hunting. Busy. Later,*" Kyouko cuts you off with short, clipped grunts and drops off the call.

"*... what's *her* problem?*" Sayaka mutters.

"*... well, I suppose she *is* hunting,*" you say, finishing the last enchantment and dropping them into a cloth bag, to be tucked into your hammerspace. "*Um.*"

"*I guess,*" Sayaka says. "*So what was this about?*"

"*Well, I *was* gonna say that we're still on for the training on Monday, right? And I was thinking we might want to do a big cleanup of Mitakihara - I'm worried 'bout the number of Witches that we're not hunting,*" you say. "*And you can bring yourself too without being a delinquent and all.*"

"*I'm down, but we should probably check with Kyouko when she's not hunting,*" Sayaka says. "*Sounds like a good idea, either way.*"

"*Mmmrm,*" you say. "*Well. See you tomorrow?*"

"*Yep yep,*" Sayaka says. "*Lookin' forward to *that* for sure!*"

"*Great,*" you say. "*Then... 'night!*"

"*'night!*" Sayaka says, and signs off the call.

"Is everything alright?" Mami asks, her eyes flicking up to you and pen slowing.

"Yeah," you say, smiling back at Mami and shuffling over to drape your arm over her shoulder. "Just sorting out scheduling stuff - didn't go too well, Kyouko's in the middle of hunting Witches, so she blew me off."

"Ah," Mami says, considering. "She's probably just venting."

"I figured," you say. "How's the homework going?"

"I could use a second look, if you don't mind?" Mami says. "And... mmm, maybe we should take our showers early. I certainly wouldn't mind sleeping a little early today - this day's been longer than expected."

"I'll say," you agree with a little laugh, taking the worksheet from Mami. "Go, shower - I'll look over this in the meantime, then you can edit it when you're done?"

"Alright," Mami says, tilting her head back to press a kiss to your cheek. "Thank you, Sabrina."

You laugh, and fail to not blush, but you can't deny the smile on your face as you watch Mami all but *dance* to the bathroom, turning to wave at you before shutting the door.

Your attention turns towards the homework, going over the chemical formulae carefully. Organic chemistry - messy, but useful, you suppose. Still, checking over Mami's work only takes a fraction of your attention, and you have more scheduling stuff to sort out.

"*Miss Inoue? Do you have a moment?*" you reach out, mental connection stretching across the Japanese coastline to Ishinomaki.

"*Ah, Miss Sabrina! Can I help you? Have you had any trouble with the credentials?*" Yuuki says.

"*Nope, they seem to be perfect,*" you say. "*And again, thank you.*"

"*They shouldn't *seem* to be perfect, they should *be* perfect,*" Yuuki says dismissively. "*Though I suppose you wouldn't be able to tell if you're not me.*"

"*Well, I haven't had any issues with the ID in use, and it matches Mami's right down to the watermark, so really, I have no complaint,*" you say. She probably didn't intend that to be quite so cutting - she's right, you suppose. Without hooking into the national databases, it's not like you'd be able to tell if it matches up.

... you probably could, if you really wanted to, but that's effort.

"*Good, good,*" Yuuki says. "*So, why the call? Ah, about tomorrow?*"

"*About tomorrow, yeah,*" you say. "*Is the morning good for a cleansing trip?*"

"*How early we talking? We'll be free, mostly,*" Yuuki says. "*You need us all to gather up, or...?*"

"*Probably ten or eleven?*" you say.

"*That early? It's *Sunday*,*" Yuuki says. "*But sure.*"

"*Afternoon's taken, sorry,*" you say.

"*Yeah, well,*" Yuuki says. "*Sure, ten or eleven. Call ahead.*"

"*Will do,*" you say. "*By the way, before you go - detailed discussions are for tomorrow, but generally speaking, do you do longer term retainers? I might want to have your services available on some kind of indefinite agreement or such.*"

"*Uh. I haven't before, but like... it's not like my plate's packed with stuff to do,*" Yuuki says. "*So... sure, depending on the work.*"

"*Alright, great,*" you say. "*See you tomorrow, then - we can hash that out in detail tomorrow.*"

"*Until tomorrow,*" Yuuki agrees, and ends the call.

You nod thoughtfully. Not like you were expecting her to turn you down or anything, really, considering that you're offering free cleansing - but it's only polite to confirm your plans.

... speaking of confirming your plans, you'd asked Chouko over in Sendai to see about introducing you to the Tome group, on the basis of one of their members having left for the latter. More specifically, you'd asked *yesterday*, and Chouko had said something about getting in touch by the end of the day, but... she hasn't.

You'll leave it for one more day, you think. You get the impression that there was some bad blood between them, or old regrets, or *something* that ran rather deeper than things first appeared. It's entirely possible that Chouko chickened out rather than poke at an old wound, but you think you can give her a bit more time.

It's the weekend, anyway.

Mami emerges from the shower, hair still damp and smelling of soap and shampoo and eyes snapping over to you - but she seems more relaxed than she's ever been, smiling and hurrying over to claim more cuddles, heedless of that fact that *you* haven't showered.

"My turn to shower," you say, disentangling yourself. And now it's your turn to press a kiss to Mami's cheek before darting for the shower.

When you emerge, you find Mami curled up on the sofa, homework tucked away and television on, her eyes flicking up to you and crinkling into a soft smile as you join her.

"Anything good on?" you ask.

"Just the news," Mami says, leaning her head on your shoulder and dampening the oversized shirt you're wearing instead of proper pajamas. "Might rain tomorrow again. Maybe we should pull out the kotatsu, if the weather's gonna stay this cool."

"Mm," you hum. "Maybe. But if we did, we'd never leave the apartment."

"Would that be so bad?" Mami asks.

"Not if you're here," you say, smiling.

"Then it's settled," Mami declares. "We'll pull out the kotatsu, and stay here forever more."

You chuckle quietly, wrapping an arm around Mami's waist and cuddling closer, Mami in turn tracing her hand slowly through your hair. You stay like that, content and pleased with the world, and let the news roll into some gameshow or another. Mugin departs out of the window at some point, most likely in search of somewhere to sleep. There are probably things that you could do, but... you deserve a bit of peace, too.

"Time to go to bed, I think," Mami announces eventually. "My hair's dried out enough."

And so you do, switching off the lights and curling up with Mami. It might be time to get a bigger bed, perhaps, but... eh. This is cozy.

"I... I was hoping Kyouko would be back before we headed to sleep," Mami murmurs sleepily, her eyes already fluttering shut as you pull the blankets up. "But I'm sure she will be eventually."

"Yeah," you agree, sighing as you wiggle to get comfy. "She's around, I'm sure."

"Kyouko's... stubborn," Mami says, a smile curling her lips.

"Half-feral alley cat," you say with a laugh. "But we'll win her over eventually."

"We will," Mami agrees sleepily. "Goodnight, Sabrina."

---

- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Check with the University Group about the Tome group.

---​

So, apologies: I've decided, OoC, to push the checkin with the University Group back a bit. It's something that requires at least an update for a back-and-forth, and it's been a *long* day.

Still. It's been a *really* long day, and we finally draw it to a close. Here ends Lowlife! With the next update, we begin a new chapter at last: Power Up.
