# Power Up Pt. 1

For once, you don't quite sleep the night through. Some preternatural instinct has you swimming towards awareness, and you take stock, cracking one eye open. Nothing out of the ordinary, the sliver of moonlight peeking through the drawn curtains just enough for you to see by. Mami's still curled against your back, arm around your waist and breaths puffing against the back of your neck in the steady, even cadence of deep slumber.

... ah.

It takes you a moment to place the disturbance - two magical presences, now having clambered into the room next door, presumably via the window. You take a deep breath, and *check*.

*Ophelia*. *Airmed*.

The names speak themselves into the depths of your mind, primal resonances you recognise, bone-deep and unmistakable. A relief, then, despite the rather morbid source. Kyouko and Yuma are fine, and they've returned from their hunt unharmed and with two more Grief Seeds.

You settle back onto the bed, chasing away the grave-cold whispers with the reminder of Mami's warmth at your back as you drift back off to sleep.

---​

When you awaken, it's to sunlight casting a sharp ray through the curtains, and a finger tracing slowly over the back of your hand.

"Good morning, Sabrina," Mami murmurs.

"Good morning," you say, rolling over.

"Did I wake you?" she asks. She's sleep-soft and tousled and smiling nevertheless.

"Nah, the sun did," you say, smothering a yawn. "*And* it's about time to wake up, anyway."

"Mm. It got me first," Mami says.

"Accursed sun," you say with perfect, solemn seriousness. "One day the hateful daystar will too be defeated, for having the *temerity* to disturb Tomoe Mami."

"I feel like that might cause a few problems," Mami says, appearing to give the notion equally serious consideration.

"Bah, details," you say, smiling.

Mami giggles, and disentangles herself to sit up and stretch.

"Ah, well," Mami says. "Ah... since we're both up, could I-"

You obligingly make way for her to hop off the bed, whereupon she makes a beeline right for the bathroom. You chuckle and stretch yourself - it *is*, in fact, morning, you suppose. There's plenty to do today.

Absently, you check on Kyouko and Yuma, who appear to both be dead asleep still. And that's fine too - they had a longer day than you did, what with hunting Witches deep into the night. You can afford to let them sleep in, and maybe wake them up for breakfast.

And so the kitchen is where Mami finds you when she emerges from the bathroom, dithering over breakfast options.

"What do you think, Mami?" you ask, tilting your head to smile at Mami as she walks up behind you and wraps her arms around your waist. "Waffles, porridge, pancakes, rice and miso, toast, or..."

"Hm... porridge for breakfast?" Mami mumbles against your back, sounding a little dubious.

"Chinese style, not okayu," you say with a huffing laugh.

"Maybe..." Mami says thoughtfully. "But I think... we're looking at a long day ahead of us, aren't we? Let's start it with rice and miso and... mm, maybe some fried pork to give us energy."

"Alright, that sounds good," you say.

Mami releases you from the hug, her voice turning teasing. "I'll get it started then, while you go wash up."

"Ah, so *that's* your cunning plan," you say, grinning at Mami.

"Go brush your teeth, Sabrina," Mami says, wagging an admonishing finger at you. "And maybe I'll leave something for you to do when you finish."

"Fine, fine," you say, laughing, and proceed to do just that.

By the time you *do* finish with your morning ablutions, you find Mami in the midst of slicing up some pork, the rice cooker already building up a merry head of steam. It's your turn to not-so-surreptitiously sneak up behind Mami to ambush her with a hug, dropping a gentle kiss amidst still-tousled hair.

"Welcome back, Sabrina," Mami murmurs, leaning back against you and tilting her head back so she can look at you, eyes dancing. Even without looking, her hands move with utter certainty, neatly slicing the pork without hesitation. "See? There's plenty left to do."

"Cheeky," you say, laughing and poking her cheek with a finger. "Le'see... ginger marinade?"

"I thought so too," Mami agrees happily.

"I'll get started on that, then," you say, wandering over to the fridge. Fresh ginger, of course, garlic, honey in the cupboards... you start sorting through the ingredients in the fridge, and as you return to the counter with an armful, a thought occurs to you. "Oh, Mami - I suppose you're aware, but Kyouko and Yuma came back. Sometime last night."

"I noticed!" Mami says, nodding. "Mm... I suppose we'll wake her up *after* breakfast is done."

"Or even let her sleep in," you agree.

"We'll see!" Mami says. "Chances are she'll smell the food cooking and wake up anyway."

"That... sounds completely like her, yeah," you say with a laugh. "We'll see, then."

You busy yourself with mixing up the sauce, bobbing an easy half step to let Mami grab the salt, offering her a swift grin as she passes you the sliced pork before you can ask for it... you find yourself humming as you cook, no particular turn but one that Mami matches cheerfully as you share tiny smiles over the cookware.

In the midst of boiling water, your eye catches on the microwave, and you pause for a long moment, considering.

"No, Sabrina," Mami says, nudging you with her hip.

"... fair enough, the joke's played out, anyway," you say. "Well, maybe to horrify Oriko, because that was funny."

"And we aren't having tea this morning, anyway," Mami says decisively. "Not with miso soup - that's just too much fluid. Speaking of, could you pass me the seaweed?"

"Of course," you say, smiling at Mami.

To your mild surprise, Kyouko *hasn't* woken up by the time you and Mami are sitting down with breakfast. Mami catches your eye, seeming to sense your thoughts, and shrugs - might as well leave her to sleep.

You snicker.

"Honestly, I worry that if I try and wake her up I'll just get a spear to the face, anyway," you say, grinning across the table at Mami.

"She's not that bad," Mami says. "But we might as well let her sleep in. She's not coming with us to Ishinomaki, is she?"

"I mean, if she wants to, I'd be happy to bring her along, but... It's not really her thing, is it?" you say, shrugging. "Ditto for Tokyo."

Mami nods thoughtfully.

"I don't think she'd be interested, but we should ask her when she wakes up," she says. "Ah, well. Itadakimasu!"

You echo her, and dig into breakfast. Rice and miso soup are the inevitable staples, of course, with some pickled plums and the sweet, ginger-glazed fried pork to add some more substance, with servings set aside for Kyouko and Yuma. And of course, since it's your usual morning ritual, and since you've spent enough time cooking that you can reasonably expect your friends to be awake:

"*GoooOOOD morning Mitakihara!*" you crow over telepathy. Across the table, Mami giggles into her bowl of rice.

You *don't* include Oriko and Kirika, even though you do consider them friends now, Oriko's Oriko-ing aside. You *do* give it a moment of serious thought, but frankly, it's something you'd definitely want to clear with Homura and Sayaka first.

"*Why are we friends again,*" Sayaka says, grumpy. "*Be glad I was already getting up.*"

"*Good morning!*" Madoka says happily. "*One moment, it's time to wake mama too.*"

"*Ugh, morning people,*" Sayaka grumbles.

"*Good morning, everyone,*" Hitomi says. "*How is everyone?*"

"*... good morning,*" Homura adds quietly.

"*Good morning,*" Mami echoes, shooting you a smile over a dainty spoonful of soup. "*We're all quite well, I believe.*"

"*Oh?*" Hitomi says.

"*I'm uncertain about Sayaka,*" Mami says, winking at you.

"You know, I remember the early days," you observe out loud. "You could barely wake up."

"I would have been up, but not... awake, you know? But now, I've slept better than I have in years, so why wouldn't I be?" Mami says, offering you a warm smile. "And with you there... well, I have more reason to want to wake up early."

"... Fair enough," you say, blushing because gosh, you still have no idea how to respond to that.

Mami giggles softly.

"*So. Tokyo today in the afternoon,*" Sayaka says. "*I'm... looking forward to it?*"

"*You don't sound very sure,*" Hitomi teases.

"*'cuz I'm not,*" Sayaka says. You can imagine the face she's making right now, sour and pouty. "*I dunno. I'm looking forward to meeting them, but I'm not looking forward to the politics, I suppose. That's your thing, and Madoka's.*"

"*Yeah, kinda there with you, Sayaka,*" you say. "*I really, *really* hope they're people we can work with.*"

"*I'm sure they'll be nice people!*" Madoka says. "*And ah... Even if you have to deal with politics, we can help, right Hitomi?*"

"*I'm *hoping* to help,*" Hitomi says, archly amused. "*I'm not a magical girl, but this is... *exciting*, to say the least.*"

You snicker, grinning at Mami as you take a bite of the fried pork.

"*Fair enough,*" you say. "*I *might* want to have you guys on call later, actually, like we did for the negotiations with Miss Tsuruya. It'd be helpful to have someone experienced on the line to advise me, but... we'll see how things look later, and if it's practical. And only if you guys can spare the time later.*"

"*I'll help however I can!*" Madoka promises.

"*As Sabrina said, it depends on the situation later,*" Mami says. "*But if it should come to politics, we know where to turn to for help!*"

"*OK!*" Madoka says happily.

"*Oh, before I forget - Sayaka, could I borrow a clone of yours?*" you say. "*Cleansing trip to Ishinomaki.*"

"*Uhh, sure... Does it have to be a clone?*" Sayaka asks. "*It doesn't, right?*"

"*Sayaka, don't you still have homework to do?*" Hitomi asks.

"*I'll have a clone do my homework instead, then I can go for the trip!*" Sayaka says.

"*I mean, sure, but... isn't the clone, y'know, still you? It's still you doing the homework,*" you say dubiously.

"*Sure, but at least it's not *me* me doing it,*" Sayaka says, shrug audible in her mental voice. "*'sides, uh, I got the clone power from one of the Ishinomaki girls. Bet she'd recognise it.*"

"*Well, if you're sure,*" you say, still dubious. You exchange a look with Mami, who in turn shrugs, giving you an amused smile. "*We're headed out after breakfast, so... You know where to find us.*"

"*Yup, yup, I'll be there,*" Sayaka says cheerfully.

And with that settled, the conversation lightens to happy chatter as you make your way through a leisurely breakfast. Half-way through, the gdoor to the guest room opens, and a zombie shambles out, red hair a poofy, disheveled mess and a smaller green lump attached to her leg.

"F'd," the zombie demands, dragging a chair out and sitting with a thump. The smaller lump clambers up to curl up on her lap.

"I'll get it," you say before Mami can, bustling off to collect the breakfast you'd set aside earlier.

Kyouko grazes her way through breakfast, still blearily asleep and still able to shovel food into the bottomless pit evidently taking the place of her stomach, and Yuma's barely a step behind her, having migrated to a seat -and servings- of her own. It's probably a good thing you made extra.

Still, that leaves you time to chat with your friends, Mami abandoning the far side of the table in favour of a seat next to you so that she can cuddle up under your arm as you relax. You don't *quite* have to go yet, and you're waiting for Sayaka and Homura, anyway.

You take a bit of time to poke at your phone, too, poking through the app store for an IRC client. It's not like there are many good options, sadly - the problem is that the entire protocol is built on the fundamental assumption of a *continuous* connection, which mobile phones are terrible at maintaining. Still, you pick the least bad seeming client and add nyantokanyaru and milesgloriosus too.

With Mami propping her head against your arm so she can cast a curious eye on your phone, you take a glance through the app store for anything else that might seem useful, and grab whatsapp while you're at it - Kurenai mentioned that her group used it, after all. Maybe you can grab her contact, since you're almost certainly going to run into her later today.

"Mrrg." Having polished her plate clean Kyouko seems to finally be waking up, pushing back her dishes and casting a baleful eye upon your phone.

"Good morning to you too," you say cheerily, giving her a grin.

"Good-" Yuma interrupts herself with a massive, jaw-cracking yawn. "Good morning."

"Did the hunts go well?" Mami asks, smiling.

"Mrmph. Well 'nuff," Kyouko grumbles. "Walpurgisnacht attracting Witches... pfeh."

"Hey, speaking of, I was thinking of doing a *big* hunt Monday," you say, and smile apologetically at Mami. "Probably during school hours, sorry, but... it needs doing, and soon."

Mami's smile slips a little, but she nods, cuddling closer to you. You tighten your arm around her.

"Yeah?" Kyouko says. Her gaze sharpens, eyes narrowing as she glances between you and Mami.

"I wanted to invite you? You and Sayaka, if she can spare herself," you say.

"I should work on my clones too," Mami murmurs quietly, half to herself.

Kyouko shrugs.

"Not like Yuma 'n I need the help," she drawls. "But sure, you and Wondergirl can come along too."

"Great," you say. "We'll sort that out later, then. For now, weeeee are going to Ishinomaki for a cleansing trip. Do you want to come along?"

"Ishinomaki?" Kyouko says, wrinkling her nose. "Why the heck?"

"Cleansing trip, like I said," you say with a shrug. "Y'know. Offering to cleanse them and such?"

"Oh," Kyouko says, scowling. "Right. Girl scout, you are. You have fun with that."

"You sure? It wouldn't be an imposition to have you along," you say.

"Psh, nah, we're gonna make ourselves comfy right here," Kyouko says, slouching in the chair as if to prove the point. "... leave the dishes, I'll do 'em."

"Yuma will help!" Yuma declares.

Mami beams. Kyouko, in turn, scowls and looks away, and you hide your smile.

Still, that *is* your cue to start getting ready to leave - changing into something more presentable, just in case you have to detransform. And in this case, 'something more presentable' happens to be the suit. Sure, you haven't washed it, but then, you've only worn it for one dinner. Just a few hours. It's still perfectly fine, *and* Mami likes the suit. So there.

Mami takes your arm as you emerge, smiling at you. She's in a nice, formal-ish dress to match your suit, but only for a few moments - you'll be transforming soon, anyway.

"Are you sure you don't want to come with us, Kyouko?" Mami offers.

"Yep," Kyouko says, popping the 'p'. "Shoo, go do your charity mission."

---

- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Meet with Homura and a Sayaklone, and head over to Ishinomaki.
- [x] Ask Homura if she wants to come to Tokyo.
- [x] During the trip:
- [x] Check with the University Group about the Tome group.
- [x] Try to schedule a meeting in Hozuki with Tsubaki Mikoto for Thursday or Friday.
- [x] Contact everyone who's planning on coming on the Constellation delegation to Tokyo, and make sure they're all ready to meet up in Fukushima by 1 PM, so you can pick them up and fly over to Tokyo by 2 PM.
  - [x] While contacting Asunaro, let Niko know that there's something you'd like to discuss with her where a certain cabbit can't overhear it. (Dewitching talk + Niko's help re-embodying the Souju's victims)

---​

Bah. Apologies for the weird break point, but I'm fading fast and I wanted to get this update out before I slept. The next update *should* come earlier, but I can't promise.
