# Power Up Pt. 2

Neither Homura nor Sayaka have arrived by the time you get up to the rooftop, but then, you didn't give them an exact timeframe to arrive at either, so you're content to wait - you consider heading out to pick them up, but... eh. You've got a bit of flexibility to play with today.

And there's something else important to do too.

"Mmm... do you ever think about the apartment, Mami?" you say, wrapping your arm around her shoulder and pulling her into a sidelong hug. It's a lovely morning, a scant few clouds scudding across the clear, blue sky. The concrete of the roof scrapes under your boots as Mami nudges you to stand in the sun, soaking in the warmth.

"The apartment?" Mami blinks up at you.

"Yeah," you say, smiling. "It makes a terrible segue into other topics."

And not to mention slightly confusing at times - sometimes you'd swear that the rooms aren't where you thought they were, but that's probably just your brain playing tricks on you. Memory issues and all. Maybe Oriko had the right idea with foisting endless amounts of green tea on you.

Mami blinks up at you, and then giggles, leaning into your side. "Oh, *Sabrina,*" she says, utterly fond.

"There we go," you say, beaming at her. "What's on your mind, Mami?"

"Nothing," she says, shaking her head and smiling at you. "It's nothing, Sabrina."

"Well..." you say. "You know that going hunting with Sayaka and Kyouko doesn't mean I don't want to spend time with you, right? It's... The opposite, even."

"I know," Mami says, offering you a soft smile. "I know, Sabrina. It's just... old fears, I suppose. It's... I can't help but worry that you..."

"It's *because* I want to come back to you that I'm going hunting with Sayaka and Kyouko," you add softly.

Some indefinable tension seems to seep out of Mami at that, her smile strengthening.

"You've always come back," she says, her voice equally soft. "I just can't help but worry. Witch hunts are always dangerous, and..." She shakes her head.

Unspoken is the fear that there's more than one reason you might leave and never return, a fear beaten into her year after year, friend after friend... a fear beaten into her by Kyubey, the better to manipulate her. Things are getting better, but it isn't something you can solve in an instant. You can only be *here* for Mami, and that's what you'll do.

"I'll always come back to you, Mami," you say. "And I wanted to reassure you, because I care about you."

Mami's smile is nothing short of brilliant as she tucks herself against you, curling closer. And that's how Sayaka and Homura find you, both of them arriving from the same direction, Sayaka streaking through the air on a glowing banner of shining cerulean while Homura just roofhops. To your mild surprise, Mugin's accompanying Sayaka, perched proudly on her shoulder.

"Heyoooo," Sayaka calls, waving enthusiastically as she soars in for a landing. "Good morning!"

"Good morning!" you call in return, trading a nod with Homura as she drops onto the roof. "You seem chipper."

"Good morning, Sayaka, good morning, Homura," Mami adds, straightening with a smile.

"Adventure!" Sayaka says cheerfully. "I'm looking forward to it. Speaking of, I ran into Mugin here, and he wants to come along."

You raise your eyebrow, holding your arm out to let Mugin flutter across, perching happily on your shoulder with a soft chirrup.

"Not too much adventure, ideally," Homura adds, her tone bone dry.

"... yeah, that's true," Sayaka says. "This should be a quick business trip of sorts, and the... real adventure will be this afternoon, eh? Well. Politics."

"I hope *that* isn't going to be too much adventure either," you say with a snort. "I mean, yeah. We're mostly sure they're using memory editing or something to keep a lid on the peace, and that's... not great, but still. I'm hoping for peaceful contact and a resolution to that. So... adventure, but not *too* much adventure, as Homura said."

"Ugh, yeah, you've got a point there," Sayaka says, wrinkling her nose. "By the sounds of it, they've got good intentions? I think?"

"Maybe," you say, half-turning away. A grand, sweeping gesture has Grief coalescing out of hammerspace, a swathe of nightmare purple bleeding out of thin air to form your flight platform. "I... definitely want to be able to work with them, if *only* because I really don't want to see Tokyo destabilize."

"Yeah, I can see that," Sayaka sighs, shaking her head. She steps up to the platform without prompting, slouching into one of the seats. "That many magical girls... I mean, hey, we know that whatever they're doing has kept it stable for a while. There aren't girls dying willy nilly or something."

She pauses.

"Er. There aren't, right?" she adds awkwardly.

"Not as far as I've heard of," Mami says. She looks troubled by the thought, brow furrowing. "It *may* be possible that they've covered it up, but I haven't heard of any rumours remotely like it."

"There aren't," Homura says, quiet and firm and certain. "They *are* stable."

"Hunh," Sayaka says. "Well, they've got that going for them. Ah, here." She digs a small handful of birdseed from her pocket for Mugin, offering it to the bird.

"Yup," you say, stepping up onto the platform with Mami. A thought raises a windscreen and walls and a roof, nanoscopic structures rippling across the outer surface to dampen radar and mimic the blue of the sky, and you're off, lifting into the air.

Mami sighs happily, leaning against your side with eyes half-closed, apparently content to doze and watch as Mitakihara recedes beneath you, then behind you. Sayaka and Homura watch the landscape blurring by in a comfortable silence, lost in their own thoughts - well, Sayaka might be lost on thoughts of homework. Mugin, meanwhile, has hopped down to the floor, his claws clattering over Grief as he explores the confines of your flight platform.

You, on the other hand, have calls to make.

"*Miss Inoue? We're on our way, we'll be there, uh...*" You check your phone quickly. "*We'll be there on the hour.*"

"*Alright. I'll grab everyone and meet you at the central train station - you must have seen it before, right?*" Yuuki responds. "*The rail admin building opposite it.*"

"*I... think I know where it is, yeah - near the center of the city, right?*" you say. "*Either way, I can just follow the railway.*"

"*That's the one, and that's the plan,*" Yuuki says. "*You can't miss it.*"

"*Right, see you soon, then,*" you say.

"*See ya,*" Yuuki says, and ends the call.

You resist the urge to nod to yourself, so as not to disturb Mami. One thing cleared out, and the next most important thing...

"*'morning, everyone!*" you say, mentally reaching out for your friends and allies. Kazumi, Yuki, Mika... and after a moment of hesitation, you include Oriko, too. Neither she nor Kirika are going, but you want them in the loop. "*Everyone ready for the Tokyo trip later today?*"

"*Good morning,*" Yuki says. "*We will be ready - one thirty, I believe you mentioned?*"

"*Iiiii was thinking of revising that to one, actually, and a bit later for Miss Nakano?*" you say. "*If that's alright with everyone?*"

"*One's fine with us!*" Kazumi chirps. "*And good morning!*"

"*For me as well,*" Mika adds. "*'morning, by the by.*"

"*One would be acceptable, and gives us an hour for travel and early strategizing,*" Yuki says. "*Then I will help with bringing Miss Kazumi's delegation to Fukushima for pickup?*"

"*Yeah, if it isn't too much trouble,*" you say. "*I'll pick you up, then Miss Nakano on the way to Tokyo.*"

"*Sounds like a plan,*" Kazumi agrees. "*Just a bit before one, then.*"

"*I'll coordinate with Miss Kazumi,*" Yuki agrees. "*Miss Mikuni, will you be joining us?*"

"*I'll be there!*" Mika says. "*Looking forward to it.*"

"*Unlikely, but I will be keeping an eye on the proceedings from afar,*" Oriko says.

"*That sounds like an excellent idea,*" Yuki agrees.

"*That's the plan, so... ah, yes, Kazumi? Could you do me a favour?*" you say, blinking as something occurs to you.

"*Mh?*" Kazumi says.

"*Could you pass on a message to Niko for me?*" you say. "*When possible, maybe after Tokyo today, I'd like to have a chat with her about something where a certain mutant cabbit can't hear us.*"

Because once upon a never, she will have taken Kazumi's Grief Seed and created a body, created a way to bring that Witch to sanity. And if Miss Mad Scientist *isn't* to be your conspirator-in-chief to working on de-Witching, then who *is*? Not to mention that with the Soujus incoming, you're going to need help to re-embody their victims, and again, who better to help with that?

It's an avenue of research you'll have to be careful of, but you're hopeful.

"*Sure, that's easy!*" Kazumi says brightly. "*Will do.*"

"*Alright, fantastic. Thank you, Kazumi, and in that case, uh, see you all soon, then?*" you say, and wait as everyone says their goodbyes and disconnects... barring Oriko, whose presence lingers in the back of your mind.

"*Was there something in particular you need to speak to me about, Sabrina?*" Oriko asks curiously.

"*Yeah. We'll be out of Mitakihara for most of today, so... be careful, yeah?*" you say. You can't help the way your lips purse - at this point, you definitely *do* consider Oriko and Kirika friends, and you don't want anything happening to them. "*I'm... kind of sorry I never asked if you wanted to go to Tokyo as well, but...*"

Oriko's predictions did place the mysterious danger on when *you* aren't around, after all. Not to mention the Soujus.

"*That's perfectly understandable,*" Oriko says. "*Even if you trust me-*" and you can *hear* her wrestling the urge to qualify that "*-neither Miss Miki nor Miss Akemi do.*"

"*Yeah,*" you say, rubbing your nose and frowning out at the landscape blurring past. "*That said, if trouble *does* happen... both Homura and the, uh, original Sayaka will be in Mitakihara, so please do call for help, OK? If not from them, then from me. I'll sort something out.*"

"*... I will,*" Oriko allows. "*Thank you.*"

"*Alright, see you later, then!*" you say, and end *that* call. You nod thoughtfully to yourself, drawing a sleepy, curious look from Mami. You smile at her. "You know me, just keeping busy and scheduling things while we travel."

"Mm," Mami says, returning the smile.

"I wanna set up a meeting with Tsubaki Mikoto," you say. "Do you want to help?"

"Oh?" Mami says. She sits up properly, giving you a curious look. "The magical girl in Hozuki?"

"That's her, yeah," you say. "She's... well, you know. She's survived a long time in this vocation of ours, and that's notable. So I want to establish proper connection. Also, Hozuki's in Hokkaido, so... it's a bit of a trip, but it would be good to start networking over there, you know?"

"How long're we talking here?" Sayaka asks, leaning forward.

"Uhh..." you scratch your head, half-twisting in your seat so as to include Sayaka in the conversation. "I don't know for sure, but I believe she's in her early twenties. So... rough estimate would be as much as ten years and as few as five? Around there."

"That doesn't sound that long," Sayaka mutters, making a face. "I know, I know, we're in a dangerous business, but it doesn't *sound* that long."

"It is," Homura says quietly.

"Bleh," Sayaka says. "*Bleh*."

"Bleh," you agree, and turn back to Mami. "But yeah. How about it, Mami? I could use someone to help me smooth over my mistakes."

"I'd love to," she says.

"Alright then!" you say. With a thought, you cast the mental connection out - north, north to Hokkaido and north to Hozuki City, though in truth the geography matters less than the fact that you've been *introduced* once to Mikoto, courtesy of Nadia. "*Miss Tsubaki? Do you have a moment to spare right now?*"

"*Good morning, Miss Vee, Miss Tomoe,*" Mikoto responds after a moment, her voice neutral. "*Can I help you?*"

"*Good morning, Miss Tsubaki,*" Mami says. "*If it isn't an imposition, Sabrina and I were wondering if the offer to visit was still open?*"

"*On Thursday or Friday, perhaps?*" you add.

"*Ah, I see,*" Mikoto says. "*Just so that we're clear, why would you be visiting?*"

"*To make your acquaintance,*" you say, at Mami's prompting look. "*To make friends, hopefully.*"

"*That would be nice,*" Mikoto says. "*If possible, I'd prefer Thursday night? I work longer hours on Friday, you see.*"

"*Thursday night, then,*" Mami says.

"*I'll look forward to your visit on Thursday,*" Mikoto says, her voice finally gaining a touch of warmth. "*Until then, Miss Tomoe, Miss Vee.*"

"*Until then!*" you say, and grin at Mami as Mikoto ends the telepathic conversation. "That went well."

"As I recall, she wasn't entirely opposed to the notion of a visit when we last spoke," Mami says, tapping her chin thoughtfully. "She was simply wary, because it... unfortunately does behoove us magical girls to be careful."

"Agreed," you say, and smile. "Alright. So, Thursday trip to Hokkaido."

"Bring some ice cream back!" Sayaka says with a grin.

"If I don't forget," you say, snorting. "Alright, uh..." You gesture out the windscreen, at the neatly tended fields giving way to the concrete jungle of a city. "We're on approach to Ishinomaki, so. Ahem. The sealtbelt sign is now on. All passengers are to remain seated until the aircraft has come to a complete halt."

"*What* seatbelts?" Sayaka asks.

"These seatbelts," you say, and promptly belt her down with Grief.

"... yeah, I was asking for that," Sayaka says, shrugging and slouching back into her chair.

"Yep," you say, snickering. "Right, right. So, the central train station..."

The railway tracks are obvious, even from the air, steel rails and heavy wooden trusses, rubble ballast and webs of cable carving canyons between buildings. You hadn't quite followed one in, but you match a parallel course, and, yes, there's the central station: the intersection of three different lines, a sprawling complex for the exchange of passengers and cargo.

And across the road from it is an office building, the cheery red symbol marking it as the administration centre for that particular stretch of road, and yes, there's the Ishinomaki group standing tall atop the roof. Five of them, not seven, Yuuki lifting her hand in a wave as you glide in for a smooth landing.

---

- [ ] Offer cleansing around
  - [ ] Ask about Tokyo
  - [ ] Ask about local gossip
  - [ ] What other business do you want to bring up?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

So, apropos asking the University Group about Tome: I've decided to push it to after the Tokyo meeting/the night, primarily for pacing reasons. If I forget, remind me, but I've left a big note for myself.

Also, Homura'll talk to Yuuki on her own about her business, no need to prompt her for that.
