# Power Up Pt. 3

"G'morning!" you call, bouncing off the flight platform in an easy bound. You can hear Mami huff with amusement as she leaps after you, the both of you touching down on the rooftop with easy synchronization. A sliver of attention brings the flight platform in for a smooth landing behind you, allowing Homura and Sayaka to arrive with rather more dignity.

"Good morning, Miss Sabrina, Miss Tomoe," Yuuki says. She's transformed, the green and grey of her armored bodysuit seeming to gleam under the morning sun, and she looks oddly uncomfortable, at odds with the bluff confidence she seems to project normally.

"Miss Inoue," Mami says, stepping up beside you with regal dignity and a placid, unruffled smile as she touches a hand to your elbow, seeming to ground herself with the simple touch.

Ayaka glances at Mami, and then away. Mami's old student, and yet... here and now, she seems more uncomfortable than Mami does. Come to that, all of them look a little worried, to some greater or lesser degree. Miyako in particular, worrying at one of the many, many orange ribbons adorning her outfit.

"How are you all today?" you say, beaming anyway and looking around at the rest of her team, receiving nods in return. "Ah, and yes - you know Miki Sayaka, and this is Akemi Homura."

Heh. Of course they'd know Sayaka - this *is* where she picked up some of her most used powers, after all. Like clones. And lightning.

"Caw," Mugin declares, alighting proudly atop Mami's shoulder with a flutter of wings.

"... and this is Mugin," Mami adds, smiling faintly.

"It's a pleasure to meet you," Yuuki says, her eyes flickering from Homura to Mugin. "We're good, but unfortunately, Hoshiko couldn't make it today, and Yuuna decided to look after her."

"Ah, that's a shame," you say, and... well, judging by the challenging tilt to Yuuki's expression, you probably shouldn't push the topic *too* much. "I hope she'll be OK? Pass on my well wishes, if you think it's appropriate?"

Hoshiko, the one in the purple armour, who you'd restrained all the way back then when you'd first encountered -fought- them. She did *not* take well to it, and you'd never asked because, well, it's not your place to. And... Yuuna, Yuuki's sister. The one with the geokinesis, as you recall.

"I will, thank you," Yuuki asks, some of the tension bleeding away into a smile. "So, to business, then?"

"Yup," you say, smiling. "Cleansing, refreshing of Grief Seeds, and... well, Homura came along today because she had a job commission for you, plus we've got some news to share?"

"Oh?" Yuuki says, straightening with an interested gleam in her eye.

"Sabrina's business first," Homura murmurs.

"Ah, yes," Yuuki says, deflating a little. "Right. That's important."

The girl standing next to her snickers and reaches over to flick Yuuki's ear. It takes you a moment to match face and lilac costume to a name - Sato Kimiko, the girl whose lightning Sayaka seems to favour as an offensive power.

"It's only critical to our lives, right?" Kimiko says.

"You know me," Yuuki says, the lilt of a familiar argument in her voice. Still, she's fumbling with her Soul Gem, detaching it from its mount on her belly. "I've got my pride."

You tune out of Yuuki and Kimiko's argument as they start into the grooves of what sounds like a well-worn argument as you're presented with an array of Soul Gems and Grief Seeds, some of the former proffered more reluctantly than others. Perfectly understandable, really. Ayaka glances at you again as you look over her Soul Gem, before flicking her eyes away as if scared, or worried. Her Soul Gem's usual mounting is on her hat, as a badge on its front... but you can't help but compare the position, and even the hat itself to Mami's.

You shake those thoughts away as you start cleansing with a theatrical wave of your hands, one Soul Gem at a time. You're quite pleased to note that they've been keeping to their word, partially using and hanging on to their Grief Seeds instead of fully filling them and handing them over to Kyuubey.

The rumble of an arriving train and rattle of the tracks -a heavy cargo hauler, by the sounds of it- underscores the somewhat awkward silence as you work. Sayaka's cape snaps in the wind as she turns to look at the bustle of the station, but you stay focused on the task, adding a little flair to the cleansing with grand swirls of Grief wheeling through the air. Mami takes your arm, as you work, smiling faintly.

"So," Aki says as you turn your attention to her Soul Gem. Tired, yellowish-brown eyes meet yours, narrowed just a hair. "We saw Nakano go tearin' out of town in a hurry yesterday, heading south west. Would you happen to know anything about that?"

Yuuki and Kimiko's argument dies abruptly, the Ishinomaki girls' attention swivelling to you.

"... ah, yeah, that was me," you say, blinking. Well, that's a perfect segue to something you were going to raise anyway. "Uh, sort of me. She saw a neat weather formation starting over Mitakihara and asked us about it, and... have you heard of the Iowa group?"

"Sounds American?" Miyako says hesitantly, still fidgeting with one of her ribbons.

"It is - they are, I should say," you agree. You don't see any signs of recognition on their faces, not even Aki's, even though you've always gotten the impression she's been around the longest of their group. "Er. Well. They're a group of raiders from America, and they were scrying on Mitakihara using some kind of weather magic, which is what Mika noticed."

"So they're coming to Japan?" Yuuki asks, folding her arms.

Sayaka laughs, a noise that winds up half-strangled as the eyes of the Ishinomaki girls snap over to her and she tries to choke it back.

"... er, sorry," Sayaka says, scrubbing her hand through her hair in embarrassment. "Didn't mean to, er. Laugh."

"Ahem," you say. "What Sayaka's alluding to is that we took care of them." You smile sheepishly - you don't want to sound like you're bragging or trying to intimidate them, but there are only so many ways you can tell the story. "Yeah. We pulled together our allies and flew out to meet them, and, well, we have them in custody now?"

"Oh. That's good," Yuuki says, sounding like she's feeling out safe conversational ground with care. "I hope the fight went well for you?"

"It did, thank you," you say. You're *proud* of what you'd accomplished together with your friends, dammit, but you don't want to overwhelm the Ishinomaki girls. "We went in outnumbering them and with surprise on our side, so... yeah."

"Best kind of fight," Aki says with a firm nod. "Good work."

"I like to think so, yeah," you say. "Couldn't have done it without our allies, either." You smile hopefully. "Speaking of, I don't suppose you guys want to join up? We're forming a coalition of a few groups across Japan."

"Wait, you want us?" Kimiko blurts.

"I want *everyone* who's willing to agree to get along," you say. "I mean... same reason I'm extending cleansing to everyone. I can give you the spiel about *everyone* deserving safety, whether it be from starving or from attackers, but... yeah. We've got other objectives, but frankly, that's what the Constellation started with. Mutual defense."

"The Constellation, eh?" Yuuki muses. "I like the name."

"How many groups've you got?" Aki asks, her eyes narrowing.

"Ourselves- Mitakihara, I mean, Fukushima, Asunaro, Kasamino, and Miss Nakano," you say. "Why?"

"Nakano, huh? That figures," Yuuki muses, and shakes her head. "We... thank you for the offer, but would it be possible for us to revisit the question at a later time? I can see the benefits, but we cannot afford the kind of enemies you will be making."

"Even with the mutual defense?" you say, then scowl, and hold your hands up. "I... mm. I *don't* want to pressure you into joining, if that's not what you want - I just want to make sure you've considered everything. And, uh, while we're at it, the offer of a Clear Seed still stands."

You offer them a hopeful, sheepish smile. You don't know them well, and you don't really know their circumstances, but you like doing nice things for people. You like helping out.

"Would it be better if I simply asked for more time to think about it, and evaluate the situation?" Yuuki says. "It's the same thing."

"Well... sure. Like I said, I'm not going to pressure you into it," you say, shrugging. "I'd be happy to put you in touch with the other members so you can hear from a point of view that isn't mine, if you want, but either way, thank you for hearing me out, at least."

Yuuki snorts.

"It's the least we could do, all things considered," she says, reattaching her Soul Gem and bowing slightly. "Which we are *deeply* grateful for. Thank you."

"Hear, hear," Kimiko agrees, which prompts a wave of gratitude and shallow bows.

"It's no problem," you says, smiling warmly. "Anyway, I'm done, so... Homura, you're up."

You step back, allowing Homura to step forward in your stead. Mami shoots you a swift, warm smile, watching with interest as Homura pulls a sheaf of paper from her shield.

"This is the network design and configuration of the governmental meteorology service computing cluster in Mitakihara," she says without preamble, violet eyes intent. "I require a hack on the predictive modelling to discover a supercell formation that will form with little warning to strike Mitakihara."

... *ah*, right. You'd completely forgotten that she'd raised that a while ago, somehow - but an early warning would do well to evacuate the city early and prepare it for the devastation to follow. She'd mentioned it, you'd agreed wholeheartedly, and somehow it'd slipped your mind. Good thing she'd asked to come along to arrange it today.

Yuuki sucks in a breath, hollowing her cheeks into a grimace.

"Now *that's* a difficult one," she murmurs, holding her hand out. "May I?"

Homura nods, handing over the print-outs.

"How on earth did you manage to get your hands on this?" Yuuki murmurs as she pages through the notes. "It looks almost like *my*... well, the only other girl in the hacking business is in *Hokkaido*."

Homura doesn't answer. Granted, it looks like Yuuki's work because it *is* her work from a previous loop.

"I can do it," Yuuki says decisively. "When's the storm supposed to arrive?"

"Thirtieth of April," Homura says.

"Not much time, then," Yuuki says, still poring over the notes. "Can be done."

"Why d'you need it, anyway?" Ayaka ventures, seeming nervous.

"Walpurgisnacht," Homura says. "The Witch. She's going to arrive in Mitakihara."

"... *Christ*," Aki says, eyes widening.

"And before it comes up, *no*, you're not forced to help fight Walpurgisnacht if you join the Constellation," you say, raising a finger. "It's... again, not forcing anyone."

"Aki, what's Walpurgisnacht?" Kimiko asks.

"It's... I've only *heard* about it before," Aki says, shaking her head. "It's the most powerful Witch, and it's been around for... goodness knows how long. Years. Itinerant Witch that destroys entire cities. And you- you're going to *fight* it?"

"Mitakihara is our home," Mami says simply.

"We have a duty to protect the people," Sayaka says, turning back to face them. "Even if we didn't live there, we can't just let it happen."

"Better you than us," Aki says. "Good luck, I suppose. The meteorology thing's a good idea, though, get an evacuation order going."

"So I'd better move fast, then," Yuuki says.

"The faster the better," Homura agrees, stepping back.

You'd been planning on seeing if they'd be interested in being hired to fight Walpurgisnacht, but with Aki's reaction... well, there's plenty of reasons *you* believe you can take Walpurgisnacht on, but they're not reasons the Ishinomaki girls would be aware of. *Maybe* if you told them.

"On that note, er, what kind of payment do you want for this?" you ask instead, pursing your lips. "I mean, do you girls even... need money? You can just put as much money into a bank account as you want, right?"

"I normally take Grief Seeds," Yuuki says with a shrug. "Under the circumstances, though..." She taps her Soul Gem. "I think I'm happy to waive the fee."

"Well... OK," you say. "I mean, I want to make it clear that my cleansing services *aren't* contingent on you doing jobs for us? It's freely offered, and like *hell* I'm selling cleansing."

"You worry about that a lot, huh?" Kimiko says.

"Well, yeah," you say, even as Mami takes your hand, squeezing gently as if trying to convey reassurance to you. And it works, somewhat, your shoulders relaxing a touch. "With great power comes great responsibility and all, and I... *really* don't want to accidentally pressure anyone."

"Cool," Kimiko says, flashing you a thumbs up.

"Alright. Was there anything else?" Yuuki asks, still paging distractedly through the notes, a thoughtful frown on her face.

---

- [ ] Ask after Hoshiko
- [ ] Talk to Ayaka
  - [ ] About?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

A bit of a transitory chapter, but getting things moving! And if you need visuals of the Ishinomaki girls, by the way, Redshirt Army's done some Magireco-style chibis to help visualize [here](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-6381#post-15376420).
