# Power Up Pt. 4

You're tempted, you admit, to ask about Hoshiko. You remember the first time you'd met her, how she'd gone *feral* when you'd trapped her and her friends had begged to let her out - some past trauma and bad memories, you imagine. But it's not your place to pry, and sometimes, you can only ever wave in passing as others' lives intersect yours.

Sometimes, you can only help if someone's willing to accept help from you.

... you're perfectly aware of the hypocrisy, thank you very much. *And* it's not even hypocrisy if it's a trait you're deliberately trying to rein back on. You're *trying* not to sticky your grubby little fingers into *every* personal problem you encounter. Just the important ones.

"I think that's everything from me," you say, shaking your head. "Uh..." You look to your friends questioningly, and at the same time, reach out with your mind.

"*Mami? Do you want to talk to Miss Kagome?*" you ask, squeezing her hand.

"Nah, I'm just here for the ride and get some fresh air," Sayaka drawls cheerfully - well, cheerfully enough, but by the way her eyes flicker momentarily to you and Mami, she's noticed something's up, dragging her words out to stall for just a little bit more time.

"*I-*" Mami squeezes her eyes shut, looking very small for a second before she straightens, and looks directly at her old student.

Ayaka glares back, raising her chin in an expression of sudden defiance. It's only so effective with the way her hat sits slightly askew, disturbing the way her bob of black hair rests.

"Miss Kagome," Mami says, soft and quiet and sincere. "Ayaka. I... I understand. It's alright."

Ayaka's expression crumples. She turns away, first as if to look away from Mami, then into a full motion as she flees the rooftop. Kimiko exchanges a look with Yuuki, pink eyes worried, and Yuuki jerks her head after Ayaka.

"Go," Yuuki says, and Kimiko's gone with a crackle of lightning that sends her soaring into the air. Yuuki looks to you, the distraction of an interesting task rather abruptly gone. "Until next time, Miss Sabrina, Miss Tomoe, Miss Akemi, Miss Miki. Miss Akemi, I'll be in touch about the job soon."

"Until next time," you say, taking the curt dismissal as what it is.

Ayaka was Mami's student, but she's now part of Yuuki's team. And that means Yuuki has a duty to protect her, if necessary, and if Ayaka ran from the encounter? Then they're obliged to close ranks. You understand, and you can definitely respect that attitude. You don't think there's any real animosity behind it and... frankly, you'd do the same.

Mami's back remains straight, her head unbowed as you make your way back to the flight platform, but her hand is tight in yours. Homura and Sayaka flank you like an honour guard, marching shoulder to shoulder with you, and Mugin hops excitedly between your feet. None of you relax until you're in the air, Yuuki lifting her hand in a wave as you rise above the city. No resentment, no animosity, but a definite end to your meeting for the moment.

A sigh, heartfelt and pained as Mami slumps against you.

"I'm... I'm alright," Mami says, before you can ask. You wrap your arm around her, giving her a skeptical look, and she smiles weakly. "I am."

"Alright," you say, squeezing her shoulders gently.

"I suppose I do owe all of you an explanation, though," Mami says.

"Heck no, you don't owe us anything," Sayaka says immediately, but you can *see* the gleam of curiosity in her eye.

"Perhaps not, but..." Mami shakes her head. "It doesn't feel right, to leave you in the dark, after that." She takes a breath, relaxing into your hug. "Kagome Ayaka was my student, for a while. I'm... not sure if you knew?"

You'd mentioned it to Sayaka in passing, as you recall, but she shakes her head anyway. Out of the corner of your eye, you can see Homura lean over slightly, watching.

"We... things were fine, at first, but... she wanted to leave. *Had* to leave," Mami says with a sigh. "I... didn't take it well. She was my fourth student, and... the fourth to leave me, too."

Mami shakes her head, squeezing her eyes shut for a second, and before you can say anything, she presses a finger to your lips.

"I know," she says. She smiles at you, soft and warm and adoring. "I know, Sabrina. Having you here is *why* I can talk about these things easily." She straightens, her shoulders squaring under your arm. "Still. It wasn't her fault, either, and... I wanted her to know that. That's all."

"And us," Sayaka says, leaning forward on her seat with eyes intent. "You've got us, too. We're not *Sabrina*, but we're your friends. Right, Homura?"

Homura nods, and in return, you shoot them both a grateful grin even as you squeeze Mami a little tighter in the hug.

"And I'm thankful," Mami says. "More than you could ever know."

"I... she told me to take care of you," you murmur. "So... there's a chance for you to reconcile. It's not as if she doesn't care."

"Maybe eventually," Mami agrees. "I hope she heard my words, and... I'm not... *un*happy. She has friends who care about her, and so do I. It wouldn't be... *bad*, if we didn't."

"I can respect that," you say. It doesn't mean that it wouldn't be *better* if Mami could reconnect with Ayaka, but... you know little enough about the situation, and you're even still trying to figure out Masami. One thing at a time, perhaps, and perhaps when you know the Ishinomaki group better.

The conversation falls into a lull for a moment, and you let the platform drift to a halt, high over Ishinomaki. Mami nestles under your arm, her fingers tracing patterns on your wrist, and out of the corner of your eye, you can Sayaka glancing wordlessly at Homura with a raised eyebrow. After a moment, Mugin hops up onto Sayaka's lap with an insistent croon, rolling over onto his back.

"Ssssooo, what next?" Sayaka says, gently scratching behind Mugin's head. "We're still kind of early for Tokyo, aren't we?"

"How's the homework going?" Homura asks drily.

"Ugh, don't remind me," Sayaka says. "I'm still working on it back home. But it's getting done. How's *yours*?"

"Done," Homura says, with the faintest trace of a hint of a smidgen of a soupçon of a suggestion of a hint of smugness.

"Oh, right, you cheat," Sayaka huffs, folding her arms and scowling. "*So*. Since we've established that yes, I *am* getting my homework done, what's next, Sabrina?"

You laugh, mood buoyed by the byplay. In retrospect, Homura and Sayaka's odd friendship isn't quite a *surprise*, but it's nice to see nevertheless.

"Well, I was thinking we might want to talk to Miss Nakano," you say. "Which I admit isn't the most exciting thing, but since we're here anyway..."

"Mmph," Sayaka says, shrugging. "I mean, don't look at me. I'm just here to be away from homework."

"Still doesn't make any sense," you say, amused. "You *are* doing the homework, and I'm pretty sure that you're still getting the full experience of sitting at home and doing said homework even while out here, right?"

Mami giggles.

"I suspect it's more about the principle of the thing, Sabrina," she says fondly.

"Yeah, see? I knew I could rely on Mami to get it," Sayaka says, grinning. "Anyway, I'm down to drop by Nakano's if that's what we're doing."

"Alright. Mami, Homura?" you ask.

"I'm alright with anything," Mami says, smiling at you.

"... as long as we head back to Mitakihara after," Homura says, frowning slightly.

"Sure, we can do that," you say, raising an eyebrow. You lock gazes with her, trying to divine meaning from her expression. "Is something wrong, Homura?"

"Want me to make a clone to bring you home now, if you want?" Sayaka offers, shooting you a questioning look, to which you can only shrug in response.

"That won't be necessary," Homura says, frowning slightly. She grimaces, jaw working for a moment as if wrestling with something. "Nothing's wrong. But we shouldn't be away for too long."

Ah. Paranoia. Not completely unfounded paranoia, you suppose. Mitakihara's... light on people she trusts right now - it's just Sayaka's clone. Sayaka is, admittedly, a staunch sentinel, but even so, paranoia has deep roots and a clawing grasp on Homura, after all this time. Hitomi's in Mitakihara too, and she's a good friend, but not a fighter. You understand, you think.

"You sure?" Sayaka says, arching her eyebrows. "It's no trouble at all, I can afford the Grief, since... y'know."

"I'm sure," Homura says. "It's fine."

"OK, well... I'll check in with the birds more, then," Sayaka muses. "Have them keep a closer eye out. Just in case, yeah?"

Homura nods, some complicated expression washing across her face briefly before settling back into studied neutrality. You nod slightly at Sayaka - the reassurance will go a long way.

"Alrighty... if we're sure we're all happy to go see Miss Nakano?" you say, and wait for nods before continuing. "Then I'll check if she's free to talk."

"*Miss Nakano? Sabrina here,*" you say, reaching out telepathically.

"*Good morning again!*" Mika says. "*Wasn't expecting to hear from you again quite so soon, something up?*"

"*Well, uh... we happen to be in Ishinomaki right now, and were wondering if you wanted to meet up for a quick discussion?*" you say.

"*Oh, really? Sure!*" Mika says brightly. "*Cleared my Sunday anyway, so why not. Brunch, or do we wanna just meet up somewhere?*"

"*Er... lemme get back to you on that, one moment,*" you say. "Guys, brunch, or just meet up? Homura, have you had breakfast?"

"I don't think I could eat brunch," Sayaka says, making a face. "Why's magical girl stuff always revolve around food, anyway?"

"I ate," Homura says.

"Perhaps just a meetup, then," Mami says, smiling.

"*Just a meetup,*" you say. "*If that's alright?*"

"*Oh, good, that's a relief,*" Mika says. "*I'd had breakfast already anyway. OK... where are you guys? I can come to you. Wait, lemme guess, if you just met Inoue's group - train station?*"

"*Above the central train station, yeah,*" you say. "*We can come to you if you prefer?*"

"*I want to stretch my legs,*" Mika says. "*Stay there.*"

And indeed, barely two minutes pass before you hear the rush of wind that heralds Mika's approach, a roaring gale that deposits her neatly on your flight platform amidst a flurry of robes. She reaches into her sleeve and produces a pair of thermoses, waggling them at you.

"'morning!" she says, pushing wind-swept brown hair from her eyes. "I know you said no brunch, but I've got coffee *and* green tea here, if you girls want either."

"Good morning, Miss Nakano," Mami says, smiling. "Tea would be lovely."

"Alright, cups, cups..." Mika produces four cups from the voluminous depths of her sleeves and pouring three cups of tea - and oddly, coffee for Sayaka. "So! What did you wanna talk about today?"

"Constellation stuff, sort of," you say with a grin. A gesture raises a chair behind her, and shuffles the other chairs so all five of you are facing each other in a loose ring. You fold back the walls of your Mobile Oppression Platform too - right now, it's really just a Mobile Operations Platform, and one with a rather fantastic view too, in your opinion, with the sprawl of Ishinomaki City laid out beneath you.

"Oho?" Mika says. She leans forward with an interested gleam in her eye.

"Well, to put it bluntly, non-magical matters and... influence in the mundane world, I suppose," you say. "I'm *not* asking for money or anything like that, but I *am* asking for help, if you can offer it. We need..." You sigh. "We need therapists and psychiatrists, we need teachers, we need *support*."

Mami sneaks you a proud smile.

"You- *we* need connections," Mika says.

"Exactly," you say. "I'm working on it - one of our friends in Mitakihara, uh, her parents are pretty highly placed in Maeba Holdings, and they've been read in on most of this whole thing and agreed to help put us in touch. But I was hoping to diversify the networking? And that's all I'm asking for, really, networking help."

Mika snickers.

"Like that isn't a big thing in and of itself," she says, and cracks her neck. "OK. I'm in, but in the end, I'm gonna ask for the same thing I said when I joined the Constellation - I'm being groomed to take over Nakano Corporation, but papa can't just hand it over to me. The board would riot. If I want it to happen early, and I *do*, I'm gonna need help."

For all that she looks relaxed and easy-going, there's an air of honed *intent* to her expression, a hint of teeth bared.

"What kind of help?" Sayaka asks. "I mean, we already sort of agreed back when we had our big meeting yesterday, but..." She glances at you for approval.

"It's a fair question," you say, raising your eyebrows at Mika.

"*Entirely* aboveboard, and not just because there are no laws written for what we do," Mika says. "I don't even really want magic to be used directly for this, though little... *tricks* to help build or transport or whatever will help. Magic's magic, but unexplained occurrences don't track that well with normal people."

She snorts and gestures at you.

"I need the same thing *you* do," she says. "Networking and connections of my own, opportunities opened up." She nods at you. "Your friend with the parents in Maeba Holdings, for example. International relations. All the more impressive if I can just *have* them, as if-" a demonstrative snap of her fingers "-by magic."

"I mean, you know that most magical girls *aren't* necessarily rich heiresses, or have relevant connections, right?" You might be undermining your own position a bit, but it behooves you to be honest, really.

"Oh, sure," Mika says, shrugging. "But there's bound to be some, plus, you underestimate friend-of-a-friend-of-a-friend connections. On the ground impression and market research. Counts for a lot."

"Sakura," Homura murmurs.

"Hm? Oh, the church?" Mika says, flicking her gaze to Homura. "Like I said, papa's grooming me to take over. He trusts me, and he lets me trial with small decisions. The whole church thing wasn't even in serious movement yet, so it was easy enough to handle. Sakura's in this whole tizzy about it, yeah, but I told her it was on Sabrina. Least I could do for the Clear Seed."

Mika shakes her head, and grins at you.

"So, I suppose that's a lot of words to say that yeah, I'll help," she says. "And as I said yesterday - help *me* show up a bunch of stodgy old folks and take over the company, and one day, Nakano Corporation will stand with you."

**\[] Confirm - you'd already more or less agreed yesterday, anyway
\[] Add some caveats/conditions?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

To clarify, she's asking for your... personal buy-in to the notion, as it were.
