# Power Up Pt. 5

"Hmm," you say, dragging the syllable out and then taking a sip of tea to buy yourself time to think. You're not *opposed* to the notion, and you fret for a moment that that makes you inconsistent - and you don't want to mislead Mika, either.

It's pretty good tea, you admit.

You're going to change the *world*, in the long run. You might not even have to lift a finger to do anything. As long as you keep distributing Clear Seeds... well, magical girls are *magic*. The laws of physics are a suggestion at best, the laws of conservation broken and crying in the corner.

There are *already* girls out there making with their abilities. Healing, or hacking, or even just selling things created from nothing - magical girls who can conjure matter from nothing are a dime a dozen, and heck, *you're* one of them. And now you're throwing unlimited magic into the mix.

Resource scarcity isn't going to remain a thing. Even if the masquerade stays in place, *free magic* is going to make itself felt - and it's not like you're planning to let the masquerade stand. You don't know when or how, but you *do* know why. Ignorance is Kyuubey's greatest tool, and eventually, you're going to blow it wide open. The only real variable is how much preparation you'll need, and that *is* admittedly something that needs thought.

And the same goes for, well, *everything* that's happening in the world. Years, decades, short term, long term... the specifics aren't nailed down, but you are going to change the world. You're going to break the system.

You've got *magic*. It's perhaps lost a little of its wonder, an everyday part of your daily life, but again: *you have magic*. The only question is the *how*. How you can turn the world on its head while doing the least harm, without kicking off a dozen wars and without sacrificing the well being of millions -*billions*- in the search for a 'greater' good.

And you're perfectly aware that many would consider that weak. That there are many who would take society, take *people* hostage, just to harm progress. To *spite* you, to hurt people, to protect their own comfort. You're not sure how you'll face them, but it's a fight you will have to seek, and one you *will* have to win.

How good can a 'greater' good be if it's paved with the blood of others?

... and now you're ranting at an imaginary audience in your head. To absolutely no one's surprise, the default settings of magical girls turns out to be long, aggressive speeches about truth and justice, and aggressive speechifying is a conserved quantity, magic notwithstanding. Apparently, not aggressively speechifying out loud means your inner narrative starts aggressively speechifying.

... *anyway*.

Back to the matter at hand.

Good thing you think fast, really.

Mika is the heiress of a multinational corporation. You're willing to help her get a leg up, and if she's willing to turn it to more ethical ends, so much the better - you've got an OK read on her, you think, and if nothing else, she's adaptable. As whimsical, as *capricious* as the winds she controls.

And at the very least, she deserves to know that you're going to be taking a sledgehammer to the very foundations of the system she's inextricably tied into.

You take in a breath, the air clean and cool this high above the city, and you exhale. She deserves to know, for better or for worse.

"I'm OK with that," you say. You pause a moment, consider it again, and nod firmly. "I'm OK with helping you, but there's a caveat of sorts?"

"Oh?" Mika says, both eyebrows rising.

"Yeah, so... I -*we*- are probably going to ruin the existing world economy, long run?" you say, rubbing your nose sheepishly. "I'm speaking collectively, as in we, Constellation, and we, all magical girls we reach out to. And I'm not... I guess one problem at a time, but I'm not happy with the current social order across the world, as it stands."

"And you wanna change that," Mika says, nodding. "Cool."

"Cool?" you say, arching your eyebrows right back at her.

"Cool," she affirms. "I mean, I kind of guessed something like that."

Sayaka coughs in a manner that sounds suspiciously like 'freeClearSeeds'.

"You haven't exactly been subtle about your... general disposition, Sabrina," Mami says, offering you an amused smile. "In any way."

"Oh. That's true, I suppose," you admit. You deflate a bit - you'd been sort of worried that Mika *would* object, you'll admit, and you're glad that she didn't, but you'd been *prepared* to argue your point. "So... that's OK with you, Miss Nakano?"

"Sure. Like I said, I kind of guessed something like that, and I can work with it," Mika says, shrugging. "Not like *I* wasn't gonna go drive the rest of the board to heart attacks, anyway."

"I mean, hey, if you're on board, you'll be at the head of the pack in terms of early adoption," you say, shrugging in kind and holding out both hands. "Resource scarcity isn't... I mean, *magic*."

Mika nods amiably.

"I understand your point," she agrees. "Just helping out magical girls will have knock-on effects, let alone what further plans you have." She taps her chin thoughtfully. "Maybe I'll start a magical girl division to provide a front for such activities."

"If the rest of us don't get there first," you say. "I... actually, I should ask - what kind of timescale are you thinking of, for taking over the company?"

"Perhaps a year at the earliest, two or more most likely," Mika says, shrugging. "I've started my own campaign, but my father isn't intending to step down any time soon, and anyway, that gives me time to build momentum and strengthen my own claim."

"Fair enough," you say, humming thoughtfully. "So it's a longer term thing, but you're laying down the foundations now. Alright, yeah. That's fine by me. I... mm. Mami, Sayaka, Homura? We're all alright with this?"

"I'm with you, Sabrina," Mami says, taking a delicate sip of tea.

"Yeah, why wouldn't I be?" Sayaka says, starting to shrug before thinking the better of it, with Mugin apparently decided to fall asleep on her lap. "We need friends in high places anyway, in the long run. 'sides, we as the Constellation already agreed, this is just... personal agreement? And I'm fine with it."

"Yes," Homura murmurs. "Agreed. It will be useful."

"Cool!" Mika says, and offers you her hand.

You lean forward and shake firmly.

"So, with long term matters settled," Mika says, sitting back and waving her thermoses at you in silent offers for refills. Mami accepts, as do you, Homura still nursing her first cup. "So you were asking, uh... therapists and psychiatrists."

"And really, anything else that might be useful," you say. "I mean, you'd probably know better than I do what we need."

"Mmm..." Mika says, frowning thoughtfully. "Therapists and psychiatrists, though... Nakano Corporation's primary focus is on construction, but we *do* maintain contracts with healthcare providers globally. Therapy is a very small subset of that, but we do have workplace and trauma counselling. I could get you a line to local orgs?"

"That would be *perfect*," you say, beaming. "Well, uh, mm. It's probably not quite their fields of expertise, but it's frankly better than just approaching them out of the blue."

"Great," Mika says, nodding. "I'll get my secretary to find out, then, and... mm, here. Business card, and I'll have her expect your call. She's read in on the whole magical girl business, so you can give her more detailed parameters."

"You have a secretary?" Sayaka asks.

"Delegation!" Mika says with a grin, offering you a business card pulled from her sleeve. "Easiest way to get stuff done. Plus, you know. I'm a busy girl most of the time."

"Ugh, I'm trying to learn to delegate myself," you say as you pocket the card. "I could do better there, I suppose."

"Maybe *you* should get a secretary," Sayaka mutters.

You snicker.

"What, are you volunteering?" you ask.

"Nah, doesn't really seem like a me sort of thing, does it?" Sayaka says, squinting at you and grinning.

"I mean, it *could* be," you say with a smirk, and turn back to Mika. "Anyway, er. Thank you, Miss Nakano, for agreeing to help. And in turn, well... we-" a circled finger to indicate Mami and Homura and Sayaka and yourself "-are actually working on general magical girl outreach as an ongoing thing. Locally and internationally. We can definitely key you in on that, if you want, and bring you in?"

"No, thank *you*, and nah," Mika says, shaking her head. "Just help me find out if anyone has any relevant ties and let me know - I can't exactly come along on every trip, you know?"

"Ah, right, that makes sense," you say. "Delegation, eh?"

"Exactly," Mika says. She hums thoughtfully, looking at the sky. "Anyway, if there's nothing else, I've got to get going? Gonna head home to sort out a couple of things."

"Ah..." you glance at your friends for confirmation, then nod at Mika. "Nope, that's it. Again, thank you."

"And again, no, thank *you*," Mika says with a grin. She stands, unfolding from her chair as the wind picks up, ruffling her robes and hair alike. "It's been beneficial for both of us. Still the same time for the Tokyo trip later?"

"Yep," you say. "See you in a bit."

"Later!" Mika says, and spreads her arms, allowing the wind to snatch her away.

You all watch silently as she soars away, a flurry of green cloth that dwindles into the distance.

"That went well," Mami says, after a moment of silence, and cuddles into your side.

"So it seems," you say, sagging back into your chair. "Alright. That's good."

Sayaka smacks you on the shoulder, Mugin making an annoyed chirrup in response to the movement.

"Were you really expecting a fight?" Sayaka asks.

"I mean... not a *fight* fight, but I was a *bit* worried, you know?" you say. "I mean, Miss Nakano is *literally* set up to inherit a multinational company, which is a position that I'd, you know, expect to have *some* resistance to changing the world order."

"She was right there with us when we formed the Constellation, you know," Sayaka says, snorting. "She *definitely* had a good idea from the get-go, what she was asking, even if she's a bit weird."

"Weird how?" you say, tilting your head curiously.

"Not *weird*-weird, like you, but more..." Sayaka makes a thoughtful noise. "You'd expect someone in her position to act more like, well. Hitomi."

"It's not as if she's not taking things seriously," Mami muses. "It's just that she *acts* as if she isn't."

"Maybe," Sayaka says, draining her coffee, then looks down at the empty mug in her hands. "... also, she left these behind."

"And she seems to actually not care that much about many things," you muse, deciding not to contest being called weird. You deserve that, you suppose, and with Mami snuggling against you, you find you can't really bring yourself to get worked up about it. "*Anyway*. Time to head back to Mitakihara, unless there's anything anyone else wants to sort out here?"

A round of shaken heads and a sharp *look* from Homura, and so, it's time to head back home. Home for lunch, and then collecting your friends, and finally, *Tokyo*. You're already soaring into the sky by the time you reform the walls and reconfigure the seats of the flight platform, Ishinomaki city a checkboard tapestry unfurling beneath you.

Mami giggles quietly, curled up against you with her laughter thrumming through your body.

"Hmm?" you say.

"I'm just thinking," she says. "We certainly won't lack for things to keep us busy even after Walpurgisnacht, will we?"

"I suppose not," you admit. "Do you mind it?"

"Entirely the opposite," Mami says with a beaming smile as she takes your hand. "It's like you said, right? We'll be changing the world for the better."

"I sure hope so," you say with a grin. "With great power comes great responsibility, after all."

"Hahhh... it's kind of crazy, how much things have changed," Sayaka muses. "And how things are gonna *continue* to change. I mean, if you'd told me about all this before... you know, *before* all this, no way I'd have believed you. It's still honestly kind of surreal, sometimes."

"Things change," you say. "That's what they *do*. But... yeah. It's not all bad, right?"

"Hah. I'd say things are pretty good now," Sayaka snorts. "How 'bout you, Homura? Got anything you wanna do after Walpurgisnacht?"

Homura shrugs, glancing away.

"... fair 'nuff," Sayaka says, her tone vaguely apologetic as she settles back in her seat.

"Oh, completely unrelated - Sayaka, Homura, do you want to have lunch with us today?" you offer.

"Nah, gonna have lunch with my family," Sayaka says. "Not gonna leave *that* to a clone."

"No," Homura says. She hesitates for a long moment before adding, "Thank you for asking."

"Alright, no problem," you say. "Kinda figured, but y'know. I thought I should offer."

Mami huffs quietly in amusement, leaning her head against your shoulder. "You like cooking for our friends, don't you?" she asks.

"Like you don't," you tease.

"I do," she says, smiling fondly at you. "It's something we share."

"Well... I can't deny that," you say. You poke her nose, and can't help the giggle that bubbles up your chest as her eyes cross to track your finger.

"*Saps*," Sayaka mutters, her tone amused.

"Sappier than a forest of maple trees," you agree.

"Just as sickening sweet, too," Sayaka says.

"Yup!" you say, and just for emphasis, you stick your tongue out at her.

The rest of the trip home is mostly quiet, not that it's a long trip back, anyway. Sayaka takes the opportunity to ask you a few questions for her homework - she's just finished up with the number theory worksheet and moved on to the biochemistry work you'd helped Madoka with yesterday. Seems that her biology's stronger than her math, but you're happy enough to help speed the homework along.

And apparently, with Mami dozing comfortably against your shoulder, you manage to nod off for a few minutes yourself. You *say* 'apparently', because somewhere above Mitakihara, you're awoken by a raucously loud '*CAW*' right in your ear, and equally loud laughter as Sayaka topples off her seat, cackling. You flail awake, eyes flying wide.

Mugin contrives to look overwhelmingly smug.

"Bad Sayaka," Homura says drily.

Mami blinks at everyone, sleep-soft but smiling gently. "What happened?"

"H-hey," Sayaka gasps in between wheezing breaths. "D-didn't want t-to crash i-into a building, r-right?"

"We're above the clouds," Homura points out.

"A plane, then," Sayaka says.

"Bad Sayaka," Mami says, seeming to have figured it out. She leans down to flick Sayaka's ear.

"Owwwww," Sayaka whines, curling into a ball, still giggling.

"See if I help you with your homework next time," you grumble, rubbing at your ear. Mugin chirrups happily, still perched on your shoulder, and butts against the back of your hand.

"I'll just ask Mami," Sayaka says. "But speaking of, I should actually get going. Finishing up, then lunch, then Tokyo. You gonna sort out having Madoka and Hitomi on wiretap or something, by the way? I think they'd like to help."

"Ppppossibly," you say. "I'll figure that out in a bit."

By which you mean you should probably get Homura's confirmation on that. You slide a glance her way, and she looks at you, expression not quite closed off. She... doesn't look entirely opposed to the idea, none of that diamond-hard rigidity in her spine or jaw, but she doesn't look like she entirely enjoys the notion, either. She's willing to be swayed, you suppose.

"Hokay!" Sayaka says, hopping to her feet and waving at you. "Later, then!"

She takes a long, bouncy step off the rear of the Mobile Operations Platform, and streaks away on a trail of glowing blue and flowing cape.

**\[] Do you bring Madoka along?
\- \[] How do you run it by Homura?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Well. That forum downtime, huh? The next vote will hopefully take you through lunch and heading out to pick up everyone, unless you decide to do something else.
