# Power Up Pt. 6

Homura tilts her head, eyeing you with a calm, unwavering expression as Sayaka leaves. There's a certain set to her jaw and the tilt of her head that suggests she's willing to listen, but the lines around the hard amethyst of her eyes say that she's not willing to compromise on Madoka's safety. Not that that's any surprise - and that's fine, because *you* don't want to, either.

You giggle quietly, shaking your head as you draw the Mobile Operations Platform to a halt, hanging high above Mitakihara.

"This sort of feels familiar, doesn't it?" you say, standing. Homura stands too, her expression shifting to the slightest hint of curiosity as Mami joins you on your feet. "I don't want to make this an argument, and I don't want to keep you too long either, Homura. So..."

You plant your feet and offer a grin for Homura as you wave vaguely in the direction of Madoka's home, not exactly visible at this distance, but... even so, Homura follows the movement, staring as if she could burn through the intervening buildings to Madoka's house with nothing but willpower alone. She nods, tiny and shallow and careful.

"So... let me make it clear, upfront, that I *absolutely do not* want to expose either Madoka or Hitomi to danger," you say, clasping your hands together. "I'm pretty sure we're all on the same page there."

Homura's eyes returns to you, silent and watchful, and you smile at her as the wind picks up, tugging gently at your hair and your coat.

"Entirely agreed," Mami adds, smiling faintly. "And in this case, given that we are *quite* sure Tokyo uses some kind of memory magic as a matter of course..."

"Exactly," you say, blowing out a slow breath, then sneaking Mami a swift, grateful smile. "I don't want Madoka or Hitomi anywhere near Tokyo, either. I *also* think it would be helpful for Madoka to be able to contribute. I completely expect that they would notice things that *I* wouldn't, and perhaps Mami wouldn't either, and the fact that they can *contribute* meaningfully without being a magical girl can only help her."

Another measured nod from Homura, her gaze still fixed on you, unblinking.

"Yes," Homura murmurs. "She has been... more content. Because she was included. And... she's less likely to do something foolish."

"Yeah," you say, beaming at Homura. "So... I *think* Sayaka had the right idea - we'll have Madoka and Hitomi listening in on a muted smartphone, and they can comment and advise us via telepathy. That way they're completely separated from the action, if anything comes up."

"And if they say anything upsetting?" Homura asks, eyes narrowing.

"I mean... it might happen, yeah," you allow. And it *is* a worry of yours, *especially* in the case of Tokyo. "But first of all, it's a phone call, and... look, Tokyo doesn't have a reputation for dealing with *outsiders* in poor faith, right? They probably won't just drop that kind of stuff in conversation."

"That we know of," Homura says dourly.

"... true," you admit with a sigh. "That said, two things - I *am* fast enough to end a call if it looks like it's heading in certain directions, I can promise that much. And you're not coming with us, right? You can keep an eye on things on this end too, along with Sayaka. And *if* you want, you can hang out with Madoka and Hitomi for the duration, just to be even more sure."

"Or even to keep a watch at a distance, if you'd rather not impose on them," Mami adds. She tilts her head, golden eyes thoughtful. "We could perhaps make it a three-way conference call between you, Madoka and Hitomi, and Sabrina, so that you can hear what's being said, in that case? And... Sabrina, I believe that Sayaka will be staying in Mitakihara, and sending a clone with us?"

"Yeah, and yeah!" you say. "I'm not sure what her precise plans are, but maybe Sayaka herself would be staying with Madoka and Hitomi during the meeting, too, which would be another good layer of security, I feel."

"OK," Homura says, nodding.

"OK?" you say. "As in... OK, we can go ahead with this?"

"Yes," Homura says. "I agree with your logic. It's... safe enough."

"Oh," you say, caught wrong-footed for the second time today - but only for a moment, as you feel your face break into a grin. "Well... thank you, Homura, for trusting me."

"Your methods have brought results," Homura says. "It's enough."

"Maybe so, but... I'm glad to have your trust," you say. "That's why I'm thanking you for it. And you're sure you don't want to join us for lunch, right?"

"Yes," Homura says. "I should... check on things."

By which she means she needs to reassure herself of Madoka's safety, you take it. You're kind of glad you didn't suggest that idea you had to her - a telepresence clone *might* work, but it's perhaps one step too far to push Homura. Besides, part of the point of the phone idea is to have Madoka concealed and kept at a remove from any possible hostile. Showing her face would be rather counterproductive.

"Alright. Want me to drop you off somewhere?" you say, nodding.

"That won't be necessary," Homura says. Her eyes flicker out across the distance once more, then back to you, a hint of amusement on her face. "I can make my own way."

"Well... OK, then," you say, already mentally coasting the Grief platform lower to the rooftops below. "See you soon, then."

Homura nods silently at you and Mami, and when you get low enough, leaps off without another word. Mami chuckles quietly, taking your hand and leaning against you as you both watch Homura disappear into the distance.

"I think that was rather successful," Mami says lightly. "Homura seems... a bit more settled, now."

"Do you mean today in general or just now?" you ask, squeezing her hand gently as you start the platform homeward, keeping the acceleration gentle enough that you both remain on your feet without bracing. "I mean, she *was* still kind of antsy to get back and check on Madoka. Though either way, I think *your* doing contributed to a lot of that, you know?"

"Today in general," Mami answers, and swats lightly at your shoulder. "And don't discount your own efforts, Sabrina."

"I'm not!" you say. "But you know me - I'm the *weird* one, and you're the one that people look up to. *Your* good regard means a lot, especially to people who know you."

"Nevertheless," Mami says.

And really, there's no arguing with a 'nevertheless', not when Mami smiles at you like that. You make your way home like that, zipping across Mitakihara on the platform of Grief, and Mami standing tall and unwavering at your side.

"Lunch\~" Mami hums cheerfully as she takes her shoes off, heading into the apartment.

"Lunch!" you agree, following suit and locking the door behind you. "Not too heavy, I think."

"But we'll need the fuel for our wits, I'm sure," Mami says. "Gyudon, perhaps..."

"That sounds good," you say, humming thoughtfully. "We're running low on beef, aren't we? We'll have to make a grocery run soonish."

"Mmh," Mami agrees, already headed to the kitchen.

"Oh, Mami!" you call as you follow, already mentally reviewing the recipe and the ingredients you'll need - not that gyudon is a complex dish, the rice will take the longest out of any of it. "I don't suppose you're any good with enchanting phones?"

"I... can't say I've ever considered it," Mami says, kneeling down to collect ingredients from the fridge. "Why do you ask? Ah, for the call later?"

"Well... I was thinking that we might want to enchant my phone to resist being magically hacked, and to resist the signal being blocked?" you say. "Which... now that I think about it, I should have asked Miss Inoue."

"Perhaps," Mami says, shaking her head as she stands. "I could try if we had more time, but... electronics are delicate. I'm sorry..."

"Don't be, it was my mistake," you say, wrapping your arm around her shoulders and pulling her into a gentle hug. "I really should have thought about it earlier."

Mami cuddles under your arm, squeezing a little closer as you run your hands through her hair. Still, she only stays like that for a moment, blinking up at you with warm, golden eyes, to which you respond with a smile.

"No harm done?" she asks tentatively.

"No harm done," you say firmly. "Now, shall we?"

"Let's!" Mami agrees.

Lunch is delicious, of course, the beef simmered to perfection amidst onions and a sweet, savoury broth, along with a poached egg and served atop fragrant rice. Then again, how could it *not* be delicious, with Mami cooking? As you eat, you and Mami chat comfortably about nothing in particular.

And, for some reason, the notion of Homura in earlier time periods.

"All I'm saying is, ninja Homura!" you say, beaming at Mami, who giggles.

"Ah, but muskets were *widely* available as early as the Sengoku period, thanks to the Portuguese," Mami says, after schooling her face into seriousness. "Matchlock muskets, as I recall."

"Mm... true, but matchlocks weren't the most effective weapons," you say, and grin teasingly, waving your chopsticks at Mami. "And before you cite your own muskets, *you* use percussion-caps. *And* they're magical, in any case."

"I wasn't going to!" Mami says, matching your delighted grin in kind. "But as you well know, the issues were primarily with reloading and with accuracy, neither of which would really concern Homura."

"True..." you admit thoughtfully.

Even Mugin, having deigned to join you for a handful of birdseed, adds a few well-considered chirrups to the discussion, and between the three of you, you demolish your lunches rapidly.

---

- [x] Pick up the coalition: Yuki, Kazumi at Fukushima, Mika at Ishinomaki.
- [ ] Coordinate with Madoka and Hitomi
  - [ ] How?
- [ ] Write-in last minute suggestions/requests for Sayaka?
- [ ] Write-in last minute suggestions/requests for Homura?
- [ ] Write-in discussions/planning for the trip to Tokyo

---

And finally, we're off to Tokyo. Apologies for such a short update after the long delay, but it's a bit of a transitory section to link it all together.
