# Power Up Pt. 7

"Well!" you say as you set your chopsticks down with a decisive click, and grin at Mami. "Shall we?"

"Dishes first," Mami chides, eyes dancing. "But yes, we certainly shall."

Excitement fizzes through your veins, heady anticipation and *hope* brewing in your mind even as you stand side-by-side with Mami, fingers brushing as you exchange soaped dishes to be rinsed. You hope, oh you do so *hope* this goes well. You don't want this to be another big fight, another group of secretly abhorrent people you'll have to fight. Especially not Tokyo, not with their *twenty-seven* magical girl *groups* in one of the most densely populated areas in the world.

You hope they're reasonable people. You hope you can work with them. You hope *they* can work with you, you hope that... hah. You hope that given the opportunity to make people's lives better, they *will*. That's it, really. You're willing to forgive a lot, you suppose, as long as you can align on that. You'd talked to Hitomi and Madoka about just that, even, if not quite explicitly.

"Thinking about Tokyo?" Mami prompts quietly, nudging you with her hip.

"Yeah," you admit. At least you hadn't zoned out entirely, continuing to soap up the dishes and handing them to Mami as you thought.

"Mm," Mami says. "They were interested in meeting *you*, Sabrina, and even if they're only interested in your power, that's leverage that you have over them." She tilts her head to look at you, smiling. "I don't mean that you should use that to *force* them to obey you, or anything like that. I know you wouldn't want that. I mean that if they have an interest, it's a very strong start, a... common ground to build upon."

"I suppose so," you say.

Mami smiles at you, faint and warm and utterly trusting, the gold of her eyes almost luminous with the way the afternoon sun highlights the curve of her face. You can't help but laugh and pull her into a hug, cuddling close and drawing strength from her presence.

"Alright," you say, separating from the hug and exhaling firmly. "Let's do this."

You elect to leave Mugin at home this time, for safety. After explaining it to him, you're airborne in minutes, Homura and Oriko notified -separately, of course- and Sayaka joining you midair, well before you'd even left Mitakihara's airspace.

"Hey, Sayaka!" you call over the wind as her streak of glowing blue intersects your flight path. You extend her a landing platform, Grief bleeding into existence beneath her feet, and she lands with a grateful nod. A few extra baffles to muffle the wind... "Feeling good about this?"

"I think so," Sayaka says, shrugging. "So, I'm meeting with Madoka and Hitomi after this. Got any recommendations for what I wanna send to Tokyo and what to keep with me? Antimagic, especially."

She holds up her powers and that bracer she's been tinkering with, a questioning look in her eyes.

You suck in a breath, thinking.

"I think we stick with what we agreed on before," you say. "I... I admit it'd be a really good defensive option in case you get attacked here, but I also think the odds of an attack happening now are low. And with Homura on guard, we've got that panic option, so I'd rather we proceed as planned - antimagic as both one of our trump cards and counter to memory magic. Mami? What do you think?"

"I concur," Mami says. "And... should it become necessary, I think that Miss Kure could be trusted to help out with antimagic, with Sayaka and Homura both, ah, escorting her in such a case. Not to forget Miss Watanabe and Miss Saito - I'm sure that they would be willing to pitch in, too."

"Right, got it," Sayaka says, sorting busily through her power jewels. "Antimagic, Yuma's healing, hypnosis maybe? Tsubaki's flight, lightning, invisibility, juggernaut. That seems like a good mix."

"Miss Ueda's perception magic, perhaps," Mami offers. "It might allow you to notice traps or such."

"Good call," Sayaka says, splitting off another jewel. "Alright. Hold these for me for a sec?"

She tosses you the gems and splits off a clone, who highfives herself before joining you on the platform proper.

"Alright. I'll go catch Madoka and Hitomi, then," Sayaka says, saluting you. "Probably Homs too... Oh! You made those mind-protection enchantments, right? Got any extras?"

"Ah, good thought. I made extras, yeah," you say, already mentally rummaging in your hammerspace storage. Not the katana, not the obrez... "There you are. One for you, Madoka, Hitomi, and... one extra, in case Homura wants it."

"Cool," Sayaka says, catching the hairclips you toss her and sliding one into her hair, opposite her fortissimo clip. "I'll pass these on. Stay safe out there."

"It's just a nice, peaceful diplomatic mission," you say, returning the salute gravely. "What could *possibly* go wrong?"

Sayaka gives you a gimlet stare from two directions, but only for so long as her path diverges from yours. And then you're down to one pair of cerulean eyes glaring at you, Sayaka's clone settling into the chair you make for her and Mami giggling quietly by your side.

"Speaking of Madoka and Hitomi, I should probably let them know the plan," you decide, and pull your phone out. With Sayaka safely caught up, you can pick up speed, Mitakihara starting to recede behind and below you.

"I could just tell 'em, since I'm gonna go over anyway? They decided to head over to Hitomi's place, by the way," Sayaka notes. "More room."

"Huh," you say, giving her a quizzical look as you pull up Madoka's phone number. "Did we tell them already?"

"I dunno, did you?" Sayaka says, squinting right back at you. "I don't think any of us ever laid it out in proper detail and confirmed it, but I think we all just kind of assumed they'd be listening somehow? Since they're gonna be our political advisors and all?"

"I mean... yeah, I guess," you say. Probably a really good thing you'd convinced Homura, then - they'd have been *crushed* otherwise. You consider it for a moment longer before shrugging again and dialing - as an afterthought, you toggle your phone to speakerphone mode as it rings, so that everyone can hear.

"Hi, Sabrina!" Madoka calls brightly. "Are you going to Tokyo now?"

"Not just yet!" you say. "Well, sort of. We're gonna go pick everyone up first, then head to Tokyo. Sayaka's on her way to join you. Is Hitomi with you?"

"I'm here," Hitomi says calmly.

"Great!" you say. "So, the plan is that I'm going to rack up the minutes on my phone - I'll have a phone call up and running, but muted so you can listen in. Then you can send your impressions and advice back to me via telepathy. I can multi-task really well, so... you won't need to hold back in that regard. Does that make sense?"

"It does!" Madoka says happily. "We'll be the power behind the throne. Muahahaha!"

You stare at the phone, then at Mami, and then at Sayaka. Sayaka shrugs back at you.

'Her mother is a bad influence,' Sayaka mouths.

You and Mami both nod in perfect, understanding unison. That *does* make sense, you admit.

"Sabrina?" Hitomi asks. "Are you still there?"

"I'll be honest, you'd definitely make a fine shadow empress," you say thoughtfully. "Unfortunately, if any of us is gonna be crowned empress of the world, it's definitely Mami, so... would you settle for vizier?"

"I don't think a mustache would suit me..." Madoka says, a pout audible in her voice. "Or a goatee."

"Perhaps we'll settle the matter of a shadow government another time," Hitomi says lightly. "That said, it's a sound plan, Sabrina."

"Alright, good," you say. "Speaking of mustaches and the implied twirling thereof, uh - something else I'd like you two to help us with is keeping an eye on our behaviour from afar? We *are* pretty sure that Tokyo uses mind-altering magic of some variety, and even if we've got protections ready, it doesn't hurt to have verification, yeah?"

"We will!" Madoka promises, and you can imagine the determined glint in her eye at the declaration. "We'll definitely keep an eye out! And- hmm?"

You can hear the polite knocking on the door, even from this end of the call, and Hitomi's genteel 'Come in!'.

"Girls, Ichiro just got home," Haruka's voice says. "Do you want some red bean paste buns? Freshly made. Ah, are you on the phone?"

"Yes, mama," Hitomi says. "Magical girl business. And... I think one each for the both of us?"

"Yes, please!" Madoka pipes up.

"Ah, that must be Miss Vee on the phone, then?" Haruka says, her voice coming nearer to the phone. "All the best on your business, then, and please, do us know if we can help."

"We will, thank you. We're meeting the Tokyo group soon, is all," you say, and glance at Sayaka, arching your eyebrows. "Ah... Sayaka will be joining you soon? Homura might, too, but I'm not as sure of her exact plans."

"Well, Sayaka's always welcome here, at any time," Haruka says. "Miss Akemi, too, and I'll set aside another two buns, just in case."

"Oh! I'll see if Homura wants to join us," Madoka says.

"Sounds like a plan," you say, ignoring the amused look Mami shoots you. Yes, yes, sometimes you're *terribly* transparent, but you're not *trying* to hide it. You want your friends to spend more time together, you want Homura to socialize more, and you've been *entirely* up front about it, and why you think it'd be good, and that you're not going to force them into it.

"I'll leave you girls to it, then," Haruka says. "Stay safe."

"We will!" you say, and smile, even if your friends can't see it. "Anyway, Madoka, Hitomi, so - we'll call when we're actually about to meet them, yeah?"

"OK! We'll be waiting!" Madoka says. "See you soon!"

"See you!" you say, and end the call, sitting back with a sigh. The outskirts of Mitakihara are already well behind you, forests and roads and the checkerboard of fields stitched into the landscape below you. Familiar ground, at this point, as you race towards Fukushima in an easy, comfortable silence.

The other half of today's delegation -barring Mika, of course- is already waiting on the rooftop by the time you get there. Kazumi, waving enthusiastically and practically vibrating out of her skin with excitement. Beside her is Umika, in her odd vaguely nun-ish costume, whites and golds a strong contrast with the deep blue of her hair, and to your surprise, you see Niko in the virulent greens and yellows of *her* costume, slouched behind them with the brim of her aviator's hat pulled low.

And then there's Yuki, tiny and all but disappearing under the heavy green cloak of her costume, but she stands with a steady assurance in the middle of the rooftop, flanked by Moe and the towering wall of muscle that is Shinobu.

"Hey, everyone!" you call as your Grief platform coasts to a halt, further Grief blossoming from beneath your feet to expand it for the newcomers. "We all good to go?"

"Hiii!" Kazumi adds brightly.

"Indeed," Yuki says, nodding regally at you, Shinobu offering a silent wave.

"Well, everyone aboard then," you say. "We can talk on the journey over, and after we've picked up Miss Nakano so that we don't have to repeat ourselves?"

Yuki smiles, taking a demonstrative step back. "I think that will be fine, but that's not my decision, this time. Moe, Shinobu?"

"We'll be in your care," Moe says with a bright, cheery smirk, offering you a short bow that's only a *little* bit sarcastic. Likewise, Shinobu bows as well.

"And it's less chance for Niko to escape back to her lab, anyway," Kazumi says, wrapping an arm around the taller girl's waist and nudging her up to the platform.

"I already told you, Kazumi, you've gotten me *this* far," Niko says, in an exasperated, utterly fond tone that... well, it sounds familiar. "I still don't wanna go, but you asked."

You find your gaze gravitating to Mami, and find that who has a tiny smile dancing on her lips, her eyes rising in sync to meet yours.

Sayaka snorts quietly, elbowing you.

You elbow her right back, dodge the retaliation, and stand to organize the seats - not that you actually *need* to, but it gets you out of range of Sayaka's alarmingly pointy elbow. And it lets you check on your friends, Kazumi offering you a sunny smile, and Niko giving you a measured, steady nod of acknowledgement.

"Alright. Everyone seated comfortably? We'll be accelerating hard to Ishinomaki," you say, and glance at Yuki, still standing on the roof. "Miss Tsuruya, are you sure you don't want to come along?"

"I trust my teammates, and I trust you and your group to win us a favourable position," Yuki says. "And if it should turn out to be a fight, Shinobu and Moe are both far better suited to direct confrontations than I am."

"We'll do our best," you say, smiling. "And we'll *definitely* get everyone back safe and sound. That part's non-negotiable."

"I don't doubt it," Yuki says, nodding, and stepping back. "Don't let me detain you - you *are* on a schedule!"

"See you later, Yuki!" Shinobu calls.

"Alright. Here we go, everyone," you say, and lift off into the sky. Yuki stays on the roof of her building, a speck of green and purple disappearing into the distance, lost amidst the skyline of Ishinomaki. "We'll talk when we've reached Ishinomaki!"

And then it's a hard acceleration towards Ishinomaki. Perhaps you don't have to push quite *this* hard, but you'd rather gather everyone as the first step. Japan unfurls beneath you as physics shoves you all back in your seats, and you soar over the landscape impelled by little more than your will. Fields and forests give way to coast, then to sea as you take a direct path for Ishinomaki, Mitakihara a passing smudge on the horizon as you blur past.

You're slowing by the time you reach Ishinomaki, high above the glittering waves, and you're only mildly surprised as the edges of your nanofog cloud encounters a roaring gale, Mika herself dropping feetfirst out of the sky and onto your platform in a neat little landing a few moments later.

"Figured that was you," she says by way of explanation. "Straight line from Fukushima, right?"

"Yep!" you say. "Hope you weren't waiting for too long?"

With Mika already aboard, there's no reason to *stop*, so you immediately turn for Tokyo. Which, now that you think about it, you might have been better served picking *Mika* up first, then stopping by Fukushima on the way over, but... you'd first made the agreement with Yuki, and it feels *right* this way.

"Nah," Mika says, settling into the last seat behind you. "I was keeping an eye out, but seems like you made good time." She cracks her knuckles, grinning. "So, what's the plan?"

"First of all, these," you say, spinning your chair to face everyone, and then reaching aside into your hammerspace to pull out more of the enchanted hairclips as Mami turns to follow suit, smiling faintly. "Again, we're all fairly certain that Tokyo uses some form of mind magic. This is what I've cooked up in hopes of protecting against it."

You start handing them out, Shinobu raising an eyebrow as she balances the sliver of metal, *tiny* by comparison to her hand, on a finger.

"Is this gold?" she asks curiously.

"Yeah," you say, shrugging. "Frankly, it was what I had to hand, without raiding Mami's supply."

"I wouldn't have minded," Mami says, smiling faintly. "But perhaps this is for the best - it adds a certain... panache, to have us all having some common emblem."

"This is how you accidentally a uniform motif," Kazumi observes, putting the hairclip on without hesitation. "That said, Umika?"

"Ah, yes, certainly," Umika says, producing a book from somewhere under her nun's habit, one that's traditionally bound with string along its spine. Without hesitation, she tears two pages out, and tears those into strips that she starts to pass out. "You don't need to wear these on your head, just keep them somewhere on you. These are based on my own magic, working with Niko."

"Ah, excellent," you say, helping to hand them out. Ofuda, Kazumi had called them, and they do look the part - strips of paper with a messy scrawl in no particular language nor meaning, but you can *feel* the power humming in them. "Thank you, Miss Umika."

"It's only fair," Umika says, shrugging as she exchanges one for a hairclip for herself. "Oh, uh- Miss Miki, they need to be physically *on* you somewhere, not in pocket-space."

"Huh," Sayaka says, sheepishly producing the ofuda again. "That makes sense, I guess."

"Did you make these, Miss Vee?" Niko asks distractedly as she peers at the hairclip Kazumi had stuffed into her hand.

"Er, yeah?" you say.

"Fascinating," Niko says. "A... self-control enchantment of some kind, correct?"

"Yeah," you say, exchanging a look with Mami, who shrugs.

"I might have a use for something like this, do you-" Niko blinks, some sixth sense apparently prompting her to look up just in time to take the brunt of a sharp look from Kazumi, "-think we could talk about it sometime?"

"I'd be happy to," you say, beaming. "Though... well, goodness knows how long this thing with Tokyo will last. And speaking of which, so... we'll be meeting with the Chiyoda group first, at their specific invitation, and *then* to the Tokyo Council at large."

"So, Toshimichi Akane, huh?" Kazumi says, bright gleam in her eye. "I'm kind of looking forward to meeting her."

"Yuki is *very* interested in anything we can find out about her and the rest of her group, too," Moe notes. "They've consistently managed to conceal their own operations and powers, and that's... interesting!"

"So! What's on our agenda?" Mika says.

---

- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Remind both the people with us and those on the line that our starting goal is a peaceful expansion of our grief cleansing services, but the political situation is complicated and not one we have a lot of information on.
- [x] We're expecting to do a lot of listening at first before we start pushing proposals.

---​

We're finally here! The next post will, hopefully, take us in to the meeting with Chiyoda. This is a good time to set your initial spiel, and coordinate how you'll want to present yourself.
