# Power Up Pt. 8

You slow your flight platform a bit - you're making good time to Tokyo, anyway, and you can spare the time to discuss your approach during the approach. Mitakihara's long gone past the horizon, and you should expect to see the sprawling metropolis of Tokyo coming up soon.

"OK, so... this is *my* agenda: First impressions, information gathering, and *helping*," you say, ticking off a finger for each item. "In ascending order of importance, I suppose, though really, the first two are about equal in priority I guess? Actually, come to think of it, first impressions are *really* important, too."

You trail off thoughtfully, then nod firmly, looking from person to person. Mami and Sayaka at your sides, then Mika, seated with her hands tucked into her sleeves and enigmatic smile on her face. Then Kazumi and Umika and Niko, the former two both looking at you with bright interest while Niko fiddles with the enchanted hairclip, and finally, Moe and Shinobu. Moe flashes you a grin, just as eager as the Asunaro girls.

Heh.

Yuki's decision to swap out Sasami for Moe was probably the right call. Well, given what you know of Yuki -professional to a T- it was *definitely* the right call, and frankly, if Sasami's still uncomfortable in your presence... given the way your fight with her had gone, you can't blame her one bit. Moe, on the other hand, seems to bear no grudge at all despite being in the same fight and despite being Sasami's partner.

"But as I said, that's *my* agenda," you say. "If anyone else has anything that they want, then let us all know, and we'll all work on it together?"

You get a wave of nods at that, and an approving smile from Mami, so you'll take that as your cue to continue.

"So, first impressions," you say. "... actually, let me rearrange the seats first... there." You much prefer a ring of seats rather than speaking to the ranks, as it were. "We want them to like us. I mean, no brainer, really, we're coming to them as equals, and we want them to understand that we both *can* and *want* to help them. Competence and compassion, in other words. Even if nothing else pans out today, that'll parley into the rest of our goals."

"Condescension?" Shinobu asks, raising an eyebrow.

"Condescen... ah, I see," you say, blinking. "I mean..." You exhale, letting your breath puff your cheeks out. "We want to help. *I*, especially, want to help. Some people will jump at *anything* to take offense, and if they want to, then we can't do anything about that. Anyone else, we can talk to - we have an earnest desire to help, right?"

"It's more convincing if framed as us getting something out of the deal," Umika says, shrugging. "Even if it's just long term stability of the largest local magical girl polity, no?"

"Maybe, but that's not... OK, look. We've got international ambitions, right?" you say, looking around. "And, well, anyone hostile to the notion can lie to discredit us." Kyuubey in particular, you don't say. "Maybe not to Tokyo, but to other groups around the world. I'd *prefer* to give them as little *truth* to work with as possible."

"That makes sense," Umika says, inclining her head. "Still, I think it's something to keep in mind. Maybe not in those exact terms, but... people have difficulty believing a truly altruistic motive from a stranger. Not so much in smaller scale relationships, but something such as this..."

"If they don't believe us when we're telling the truth, that's *their* problem," Sayaka grouses. "We're literally trying to give out free stuff!"

"I know, right?" you say, rolling your eyes. "How do you think *I* feel?"

Mika snickers.

"Inoue still doesn't want a Clear Seed?" she asks.

Your sigh is probably answer enough.

"Anyway," you say, waving that thought aside. "First impressions. I... well, a lot of stuff depends on what they're like, but I really, *really* don't want to start a magical turf war. Unless they're corrupt or actively hurting people or something, we're... probably going to want to work with it, at least for now, and work on changing it eventually."

You grimace unhappily, and you're not the only one to look unhappy, either - Sayaka most of all, Mami looking perhaps a touch grim, as do Kazumi and Umika. Mika frowns, tapping her chin, while Shinobu folds her arms, scowling thoughtfully. It's not an idea you *like*, but... this is a case where stability *does* matter, and your previous musings are entirely relevant. You really, *really* don't want to spark off a magical brawl in one of the densest urban areas in the world.

"We don't know *enough* about Tokyo to make an informed plan of attack there," you say with a sigh. "Which leads into my second point: information gathering. If there's abuses happening, deaths and disappearances being swept under the rug, I want to know about it, and anything else... well, this isn't going to be our only trip to Tokyo, I bet."

"What about the Constellation?" Moe asks. "We're meeting them as a peer organization - do we intend on recruiting, and similarly, what if someone approaches us?"

"Honestly, if anyone wants to join up, I have no objections, I think?" you say. "Unless the Tokyo Council has some exclusivity clause, and violating that leads to the region destabilizing, or something like that." Judging by the way Mami takes your hand in hers and squeezes gently, at least *some* of your annoyance is probably showing. "Which... well. Insufficient information. We'll play it by ear?"

"Understood," Moe says, nodding sharply. "Yuki is, of course, interested in the notion - we've never had cause to fight in Tokyo, of course, and any connections we can make will be extremely valuable. Information as well."

"Same," Mika says with a lackadaisical raise of a finger. "I'm here to support the Constellation, but *I'm* interested in making connections. Probably for different reasons than Miss Tsuruya, of course, but still."

"... and we need to see if we can get help for Walpurgisnacht, right?" Sayaka asks, blinking and sitting up straight.

"That's always a bit of a sticky one," you say. "I mean, yes, if we can squeak it in, then absolutely, but... it's the whole coercion thing. I don't want to coerce them in any way by implying that by giving them Clear Seeds they'd be obligated to help fight a natural disaster, right?"

"Right," Sayaka says. "Hrmph. Still, though... your usual pitch?"

"Kind of, yeah, but with such a big group, we'll have to be extra clear about the whole thing, or maybe make it a second visit thing," you say. "Big organizations are busy, especially since we're not making personal pitches to everyone."

"Do you think they know about it already?" Shinobu muses, leaning forward to prop her chin on her fist. "That is, with that many magical girls and that much power in one place, they've probably got *someone* who has an idea. If they already know about a city-destroying Witch coming to Mitakihara, and you're from Mitakihara..."

"They... *might*, yeah," you say. "Especially if Kyuubey's been telling tales."

"I guess it comes back to us not having enough info, doesn't it?" Mika says. "Pity they're an information black hole."

"What does that say about us, that we're leaping into the event horizon?" Moe says with a smirk.

"To bravely go where none have trod before!" Kazumi declares, one finger thrust cheerily skyward.

"Which is a great segue to go over what we *do* know about them," you say. "I... hang on, I've still got... Here. I got this pamphlet, when I met with a representative from the Osaki ward. Nakahara Kurenai, if the name sounds familiar to anyone?"

You pull the brightly coloured *So you've become a magical girl!* booklet out, and lean over to pass it to Kazumi, who immediately passes it to Umika to read. You stifle a snicker, Mami catching your eye for a moment - she doesn't *smile*, but you can read the laughter in the way her eyes dance.

"Oh, *that* thing," Sayaka says, snapping her fingers and pulling a copy out. "Nearly forgot I had one too. Here, uh... Miss Nanami..."

You spend the rest of the trip to Tokyo examining the pamphlets and going over what you know about the Tokyo Council. More of a haphazard republic than anything, with representatives sent to, well, represent each group's interests at the meetings. Each group decided by location, regardless of the girls themselves, though they're allowed to swap around.

Presided over by the Chiyoda group, in turn led by the mysterious Toshimichi Akane, she who seems to know everything. They enforce the peace and the territories - which are fixed. Magical girls are balanced across groups to suit the territories, and occasionally assigned to the Chiyoda group on a rotating, temporary basis for hunting.

... and yet, for all that, *still* no one appears to know what Akane's powers are. More than that, when you'd spoken with Yuri and Terumi -two of the girls from the Osaki group- they'd been *at* a meeting that nearly turned into a fight... and remembered little more of it than impressions. The Meiji group had called the meeting, come in angry, and been summarily ejected.

None of the Osaki group questioned this, and nor did they seem to question that they didn't clearly remember an event just over six months ago.

Memory magic of some kind seems to be all but guaranteed. And so you have the enchanted hairclips and Umika's ofuda, and Shinobu and Moe have their own in addition, and Sayaka's a clone just in case... You worry that coming in loaded up with protective enchantments like that might be taken as an insult, but frankly, you'd rather come down on the side of *not* having your friends' heads fucked with.

By the time you finish going over the information, especially for Kazumi and Niko's benefits, you're cruising over Tokyo itself.

Tokyo is *massive*.

'Fifteen million people' doesn't do it justice. It's a sprawling metropolis larger by far than Mitakihara, buildings and people, people, *people* crammed elbow to elbow. And even though you're far enough above the city that perhaps only Sayaka would have a chance of making out the people below, Tokyo stretches from horizon to horizon, a seemingly endless hive of skyscrapers clawing for the skies and stitched together with roads and railways and walkways.

Some of those buildings, of course, are readily identifiable as schools, even from this high up.

Tokyo glitters in the noon sun, silver and steel beneath the unending expanse of clear blue sky. The few splashes of greenery fight a valiant rearguard, retreating up the slopes of the hills against the tide of humanity, and there, right in the very heart of Tokyo, is Chiyoda Ward. The Imperial Palace, the old Edo Castle, both mighty structures that are... actually somewhat different from what you'd expect. Lush greenery fills the grounds, lovingly tended and bordered by the grand moat.

"There," Kazumi murmurs, needlessly so. Needlessly, because every one of you gave the grand palace grounds a once-over, at most, and set it aside in favour of something rather more interesting.

Hanging there in the sky, right over the Imperial Palace, is a girl. She's not, you think, especially tall, insofar as you can tell from this far away. Even so, there's a *presence* to her, in the way that she stares across the distance at you - you get the impression that she's looking right *at* you, as you in turn observe her.

Or maybe you should attribute that presence to her costume, cutting a sharp silhouette against the sky in a rich, striking purple, edged with bands and swirling patterns of red and gold. A train hangs behind her, billowing in the breeze and flaring to expand her silhouette into a bold diamond - and perhaps it looks like it might be impractically cumbersome on the ground, but in the air, it *does* look fantastic, especially given the way her sleeves trail nearly to her feet.

As you draw closer, you can make out more details. She wears no crown, nor any other adornment but for three items: a sword at her hip, a mirror at the other, and the jade-green gem in her hair. The Three Sacred Treasures of Japan... or, perhaps, merely counterparts, magical creations. The Imperial Regalia of Japan, after all, is probably in the possession of the Emperor.

Obsidian-black eyes, sharp and intelligent, examine you and your coalition as you approach. She's pretty, you suppose, pale complexion contrasting with the deep green of her hair, and-

She is *not* a magical girl.

Oh, she's a *beacon* of power, a swirling maelstrom at the center of a crackling web of magic, but you *know* what a magical girl looks like, the burning fire of a *Soul* in motion. And yet she hangs in mid-air, at the very heart of thousands, tens of *thousands* of interwoven threads of magic that descend invisibly to the city below.

You hear a sharp intake of breath behind you - Niko, by the sound of it, but you're not sure anyone else has noticed yet.

---

- [ ] Continue as planned/play along
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

And so it begins.
