# Power Up Pt. 9

*Not* a magical girl.

You're... not entirely sure she's human, either. Maybe she isn't. Would you be able to tell? You've never really been *quite* able to sense *souls* - Soul Gems, certainly, and definitely magic, but not quite souls. *Your* own magic is somewhere in that halfway point straddling *magic* and will and soul, but not entirely one or the other, so you're not entirely surprised.

And yet, with all that, there's something indefinably odd about the whole. You can't quite put your finger on it, you admit, but it's there nevertheless.

Sword, mirror, and gem.

Any land has a rich history of mythology, and Japan is steeped with stories of gods. Gods great and small, gods, *spirits* interwoven with the very soil and rivers and skies, and... you can't help but look at the girl who must be Toshimichi Akane, with magic and power wrapped around her like a cloak, and wonder.

Still.

It has little bearing on what you're here to do - and apart from Niko, no one else seems to have noticed. Which doesn't mean that won't change, and something get... publicly aired at an inopportune moment.

Proceed as planned, but warn your friends. And... damn, you have other preparations you should have made ahead of time.

"*Hey, everyone?*" You speak telepathically, which of course means Kyubey might be eavesdropping, but... that would be true regardless. It's always possibly eavesdropping. You'll take that risk over insulting the girl floating in the air before you - walking towards you, actually, at a stately, measured pace. "*The plan is unchanged, but quick heads up. Don't react. She's not a magical girl.*"

"*She's what?*" Sayaka blurts. To her credit, her expression doesn't even flicker, her posture unchanged. Neither does Niko move, but you can feel the intensity of her curiosity, intense and burning.

"*Not a magical girl,*" you repeat, thoughts flying past as fast as you can think them. "*It's not relevant - we're here to meet her, anyway, but keep an eye out.*"

And at the same time -in that same period of rapidly dwindling time as probably-Toshimichi approaches- you make a call. An actual phone call on your actual phone, which is just about a novelty in and of itself, tapping the screen and muffling the speakers with pads of Grief. Madoka picks up after a few rings, and *doesn't* say anything.

"*Sabrina?*" Madoka's voice echoes in your mind a moment later. You can feel Hitomi's presence too, reserved but curious and watchful.

"*We're meeting Toshimichi Akane now, I think,*" you say. "*She came alone, and she's wearing... well, either the *real* Imperial regalia, or magical copies thereof.*"

"*Somehow, I'm not surprised,*" Hitomi says drily. "*We're ready on our end.*"

Simultaneously, you start another conversation, this one a mental connection to Oriko and Kirika both.

"*Oriko? Kirika? I'm really sorry to spring this on you last minute, and should have given you an earlier warning, but we're about to start the meeting with Tokyo. I'd appreciate a third eye out?*" you say hurriedly - and apologetically, because you really should have warned them more of a headsup.

"*Damn right you should be sorry!*" Kirika says. "*Oriko's been worrying herself about it.*"

"*It's no problem, Sabrina,*" Oriko says. "*I've already been keeping an eye out, in any case.*"

"*... ah,*" you say. "*Well... I *am* sorry. Don't let me forget this? I owe you one.*"

"*Oh, I won't,*" Kirika chirps, her tone sunny again. "*You have fun with your *politics*, I'll be here keeping an eye on my oujo.*"

And so, you meet the almost-certainly-Toshimichi midway, high over Tokyo. High in the air, the chill breeze balanced by the warmth of the afternoon sun, the greenery of the Imperial palace grounds at your feet and Tokyo city sprawling out to the horizons. Further out beyond the palace moat, you can see a train pull into Tokyo *Station*, not so far away that you can't hear the faint rattle of the tracks.

You fold down the walls and the seats of your Mobile Operations Platform and rise to your feet in greeting, your friends and allies arrayed around and behind you.

"Miss Vee, it's a pleasure to meet you," most-likely-Toshimichi says, her voice cutting through the distant rumble of Tokyo with effortless ease. She sounds like she means it too, warmly sincere as she inclines her head to you, her hands tucked into her voluminous sleeves. "And your companions. Miss Tomoe, Miss Miki, Miss Kazusa..."

She goes around the circle, greeting each of your companions by name, midnight eyes resting on each of your friends as if measuring them - but as she finishes, her gaze lingers on you with perhaps a hint of intrigue.

"*You didn't send word ahead of who you'd be bringing, did you?*" Madoka murmurs to your mind.

"*We did not,*" you respond. Outwardly, you simply smile and incline your head in turn - after all, hadn't you been warned about Toshimichi's apparent omniscience? But you don't quite trust yourself to *respond* with the grace and delicacy the situation requires, a little flat-footed and a little off-balance.

Thankfully, you don't have to.

Mami's smile matches yours, every inch the dignified, poised young woman as she steps forward. Neither do any of your friends waver, arrayed by your sides and unmoving, trusting by implicit assent to Mami's grace and a united front.

"I'm afraid you have the advantage," she says, just as formally polite. "You must be Miss Toshimichi?"

"I am," Toshimichi affirms. "Please, allow me to welcome you to Tokyo."

"We thank you for the welcome," Mami says, smiling and inclining her head just as far as Toshimichi did. No bow - even if Toshimichi might technically be royalty, you're coming before her as equals.

"Oh, no thanks are necessary," Toshimichi says. "Even setting aside policy of free passage for other mages and prospectives, for visitors as notable as the Constellation, a personal meeting seems the least I could do."

"I wasn't aware that our name had gotten that far yet," Mami says, her tone suggesting idle curiosity, but no more than that.

"When you count members such as the illustrious Tomoe Mami and Tsuruya Yuki, it is difficult to avoid a measure of fame," Toshimichi says, her gaze settling once more on you. "Not to mention Miss Vee's capabilities."

With Mami standing just ahead of you, having taken the role of spokesperson, you can't meet her eyes, but... something about the set of her shoulders, the tilt of her head, tells you that it's fine - she's waiting for you to open with your own statement. And when you're thrown an invitation like that, well, you've got to take it, right?

"And we in turn have heard about you, Miss Toshimichi," you say, offering a sincere smile as you step up beside Mami. "To my understanding, you've worked tirelessly to prevent conflict in Tokyo, and saved a lot of lives by doing that."

"It is my duty," Toshimichi says serenely, with a touch of pride in her voice. And yet when she speaks again, there's that tug of insistent curiosity. "I wonder, what drives you, Miss Vee?"

"Duty is one way to put it, I suppose," you say slowly. "But really, people are suffering. I can do something about that. Why *shouldn't* I? I want to *help*."

"Ah, a simple reason for a grand mission," Toshimichi says with a slow, measured nod. "I understand that you're here to do just that - in the wake of the message Miss Ueda brought to us on your behalf, you've come to plead your case in person?"

"You could say that," you say. "I admit, I don't understand the local concerns, here in Tokyo, and I'm hoping to remedy that, and that by coming here personally, I can help resolve the issues preventing you from accepting my help."

"Perfectly understandable," Toshimichi says, her expression giving nothing away. "Ah, but where are my manners? Shall we adjourn to a more comfortable location for talks? My team will also wish to meet you."

"Certainly," you say.

"Then please, follow me," Toshimichi says.

She turns and strides downwards through the air, as if descending an invisible staircase towards Tokyo below. You give her a moment of headstart, and then follow along, platform drifting in her wake.

You take the opportunity to examine the magic wound around Toshimichi a little more. Invisible threads of magic winding together into a tight spindle, a cloak of power settled around her form... intersecting in the forms of the Three Treasures, then deeper to spread through her body as if the Treasures were gateways.

Interesting.

The low thrum of power through those connections is odd, almost humming in your mind like electricity in a cable. She's drawing power from them, you suppose, a steady ebb and surge, but it's not all one-way, either, the magic gathering in her body, then dissipating back down different pathways. If you had to estimate, she draws in a little more than she returns, the remainder joining her mantle.

"*You handled that well, Mami, Sabrina,*" Hitomi notes quietly.

"*Thank you,*" Mami says, sharing a warm glance with you and taking your hand. "*As mentioned, she does seem extraordinarily well informed.*"

"*That naming thing... hold up, let me get everyone on the same channel so we don't repeat this conversation,*" you say, and do just that, glancing back and connecting all your friends in. "*Quick discussion time, everyone? And, ah, this is Madoka and Hitomi, I mentioned them earlier.*"

"*I am *spooked*,*" Kazumi declares. "*Spooked I say.*"

"*The trick where she named you all was a power play,*" Madoka says, sober. "*Plain and simple. Something to impress you and to show that she has the upper hand. I... I don't know if the *how* is important, but the real question is why she did it.*"

"*The way she presented herself, with the Regalia and everything...*" Mika says, tilting her head. "*Intimidation? Impressing on us her authority? It doesn't feel malicious, more... probing.*"

"*Just to clarify - Sabrina, you mentioned them earlier. The Imperial Regalia?*" Hitomi asks.

"*The Kusanagi no Tsurugi, Yata no Kagami, and the Yaskani no Magatama,*" Mika says. "*She was wearing them.*"

"*Ah. Legitimacy,*" Hitomi says. "*Do you know if they're real?*"

"*They're certainly a real sword, mirror, and gem,*" Moe says drily. "*Are they the real deal, passed from emperor to emperor for over two thousand years, granted to Ninigi no Mikoto from his mother, the goddess Amaterasu? Who can say?*"

"*It's a statement of her own legitimacy,*" Madoka says. "*That she *has* authority. Um... Unless perhaps they're part of her own costume? But even so, meeting you alone, and the whole naming thing is still... Um. It's also possible that she does this as a matter of course for more, ah, powerful visitors.*"

"*Her interest in Sabrina, too,*" Mami says, her hand tightening on yours. "*That question of hers was her only real break from, mm, strict decorum.*"

"*Come now, that's only natural,*" Shinobu says. "*Given her magic and all.*"

"*No, Mami has a point,*" Hitomi says thoughtfully. "*We don't have anything concrete to suggest on the matter, but her question about what drives Sabrina was interesting. It's something to consider.*"

"*... thoughts on her magic?*" Niko asks, glancing at you out of the corner of her eye.

"*I don't have a good feel for it,*" Mami admits. "*She *is* undeniably powerful, but I can't sense anything specific - that's never been a precise art, in any case. Sayaka? Your magic might be better tuned to this sort of thing.*"

"*Can't tell either,*" Sayaka admits. "*Not without doing something she'd definitely notice. And... I dunno if *I* would be able to do anything, if she's not a magical girl.*"

"*We'll keep an eye out for that, too,*" Mami decides. "*Alright. Last thoughts, everyone?*"

---

- [ ] Last few comments?
- [ ] What's your *focus* for meeting the Chiyoda team?
- [ ] Just probe for information
  - [ ] About local politics
  - [ ] About the Chiyoda team and Toshimichi Akane
- [ ] Your own goals here - to distribute cleansing
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Alright, so, I ultimately decided to break this update in half; it just kept going and I kept tinkering with bits here and there. And as a clarification - naturally, you're going to ask about all the options, politics and about Chiyoda and so forth. The vote is for determining which in particular you want to, well, *focus* on.
