# Power Up Pt. 11

They'd accept your offer, were it an option. Thoughtless surprise and a guileless answer prompted by surprise, bereft of polish or sophistry, and glancing between the rest of Toshimichi's friends, they don't seem to be in disagreement with that, either. They must have discussed it before, at some point.

That says a lot, you think. You nod thoughtfully, drawing it out for a moment as you relate it all to Madoka and Hitomi, since they can't exactly see expressions over the phone call. You could've made it a video call, you suppose, but an exposed camera lens is all but an invitation to figure out things you're keeping secret.

"*Good, that's in line with what we thought,*" Hitomi murmurs in response, her soft tones clipped with excitement. "*Their position isn't quite as stable as they'd like to present it as - they're still constrained in what they can do.*"

"*That's about what I figured,*" you agree. "*The raw power to put down an insurrection of this many magical girls by force is... a lot.*"

"*Not to mention the collateral, I imagine,*" Hitomi notes.

"*Precisely,*" you say. "*Alright, I think I've got a plan...*"

You nod thoughtfully to yourself, as if collecting your thoughts. Which, well, you are.

"Another question, if I may?" you ask, focusing on Toshimichi once more.

"Please," she says with a gracious nod.

"I..." You huff, then smile sheepishly. "Alright. When I was speaking with the Osaki group, they mentioned that if you were to put your weight behind a plan of action, it'd almost certainly gain a plurality of votes. Is... well, would you say that that's an accurate assessment?"

"It is," Toshimichi says, her gaze sharpening. "I suppose you wish to ask for our support?"

"Not quite. Instead, I'd ask: what would *you* want, to have your support?" you say, deciding to go for blunt. "I want to offer cleansing to everyone. In the same way that every human being deserves to have access to food, clean water, the necessities of life... cleansing is a necessary part of magical girls' lives. It's a basic *right*, and... I'm in a position to provide it. To that end, I'm willing to be quite accommodating."

Toshimichi exhales slowly, levelling a considering gaze on you for a long moment, like she's evaluating you for something.

"To speak in plain terms, the easiest course of action is one that I suspect I cannot ask of you: it would be for you to join us as part of our group," she says after a moment. "Perhaps one or two of your friends could accompany you, but you'd be expected to live here, in Tokyo. It would grant the rest of the Council a measure more trust in you."

The denial is already on your lips, your hand seeking Mami's as you open your mouth to refuse as bluntly as the offer was made.

"I won't ask it," Toshimichi says, smiling slightly. "I understand."

Mami's hand locks tight in yours. You don't care. You don't care that you're showing what some might call *weakness* at a negotiation, either. Some things are more important, and if people think less of you for it, well, fuck them. *You're* the one with things to offer, in any case.

"*Then why'd she even ask?*" Sayaka grumbles, the telepathic connection a persistent presence at the back of your mind.

"*That's a good question, Sayaka,*" Madoka says. "*Why *would* it be the easiest if Sabrina were part of their group?*"

"*Testing you is the obvious answer,*" Hitomi adds. "*Too obvious. It was... gauche. Amateurish... pointed, in many ways. She seems too practiced with politics to have made such a mistake by *accident* alone.*"

"*None of her teammates looked surprised,*" you note.

"Setting that notion aside, then," Toshimichi says, her eyes flicking to Mami, then back to you. "Tell me. How *do* you propose to stop malicious actors from abusing their magic?"

"The offer I've handed out so far is that if they do, I and my friends come down on them like a ton of bricks," you say. "And we make a pretty effective team, so..."

"You haven't had to yet, to our understanding?" Aoi asks, an interested gleam in her eye as she pushes her glasses up her nose.

"Not so far," you say. "Hopefully, not ever. I doubt it, but it's never wrong to have hope."

"That hope would be dashed within the month, if you handed out your Clear Seeds in Tokyo," Toshimichi says. She sounds regretful about it, if you had to guess, and looks it too. Something about the set of her jaw, perhaps. "Perhaps if you left *one* with us, for use at our discretion, but I doubt that would be satisfactory."

"You would be correct," you say, and if your voice is a little colder than you'd normally speak...

Well.

Toshimichi seems to be sincere, so far, but that doesn't mean that you necessarily trust them, and even if you did, you despise the idea of someone being able to hold cleansing as hostage to the good behaviour of others. And you're not quite sure you like this current tack of leading not-questions... rather, you're not sure you like where it's headed.

"Why would that hope be dashed?" Mika interjects lightly. "After all, the peace has held until now. Why would raising the resources available to *all* parties make any one faction bolder than the others?"

Toshimichi inclines her head slightly, acknowledging Mika.

"We've kept the peace well," she says, and pauses, frowning in thought.

Cutting right to the heart of the matter, then, taking the question in the way it was meant and ignoring the bluntness with which it was asked. The obvious is just that: obvious. More magic would enable a more powerful first strike, a more protracted war and better chances of success. An aggressor would take that. But then, Chiyoda's managed to keep the peace until now, with their own hidden capabilities and their threat of collective action. What would change, if your cleansing were thrown into the mix?

"Tokyo is one of the densest urban areas in the world," Toshimichi says. "And even so, we are near the breaking limit of the number of magical girls we can support. It is on *my* authority and power that we manage the distribution of Grief Seeds and hunting, and that we do it *well* is one of the primary reasons we've managed to keep the Council together."

She exhales slowly, and when she speaks again, there's a bitterness in the way her lips twist, her shoulders slumping.

"Descendant of the Imperial line, bearer of the Three Treasures only counts for so much in this... modern time. Even mere decades ago..." she trails off with a sigh. "I trust you understand that for all my, *our* power-" an elegant wave, to encompass her team, "-peace is an elusive thing to pin down for long."

"*I think we should probe for specifics,*" Mami murmurs to you.

"*Concur,*" Madoka says crisply. "*That was a good question, Miss Nakano. It revealed a lot.*"

"*Go for it, then,*" you say.

"If I may, Miss Toshimichi?" Mami says, smiling gently, and continuing at the other girl's nod. "Is there anything we might do that *would* ease such problems?"

Toshimichi blinks, looking as if slapped for a split second - and then the expression fades into blank neutrality once more.

"Of course," she says briskly. "You asked for a plan we might support, not to hear my grumblings. The answer, simply, is that I can see none. There are two groups at the Council who would cause trouble, if given a free hand with magic. It's not, in our estimation, a question of *if* they would start a fight - it's a question of timing. They must, in some way, be neutralized."

"One of them would be the Meiji group, correct?" you say, deciding not to comment on the phrasing just yet. 'Neutralize', hah.

"Correct," Toshimichi says. Her gaze lingers on you for a long moment before she continues. "The other would be the Kyuedo group."

"The... river?" you say, your brow wrinkling as you try to place the name.

"Indeed," Toshimichi says. "They named themselves for it, just as the Meiji group named themselves for the shrine. In any case, I would consider those two the largest obstacles. The rest of the groups... some may be just as vehemently opposed to your offer, but they are less prone to violence. They can be managed."

She tucks her hands into her sleeves.

"As it is, both of them have lasting grievances against other groups. Meiji in particular bears a grudge against us, in addition to the Tower group - the latter are based near Tokyo Tower, and they share a border," Toshimichi says. "They are both strong groups, and should things erupt into violence, the damage will not be contained."

"And they would consider open war with the rest of Tokyo a reasonable cost to pay?" Mami asks. "Even if we added our weight behind that? The Constellation has... a not considerable amount of assistance we can offer."

"Loss and revenge drives people to extremes," Toshimichi says. "They have enough power to force through their will, given a free hand."

"Given warning, we could drop in on Tokyo within minutes," you say quietly. "Seconds, if pressed. Travel or response time isn't an issue, and we're willing to bring quite a bit of force to bear. Is that not enough of a threat?"

Loss and revenge. Therein lies dangerous territory, you think, because it's almost certainly edging around things of a Witchy nature, so... you'll have to think on how you'd want to dig into the details, and whether you even want to do so now. It would be *painfully* obvious if you asked to speak privately, without Mami or the rest of your friends with you.

"We, too, could mobilize in as much time," she says, hand falling to her side to linger near the hilt of her sword. "So far, we *have* been able to put an end to acts of aggression before they go too far, and so, peace is maintained. Mediation remains a possibility. If lines are crossed, if there are deaths, with other groups baying for blood..."

Toshimichi looks up, meeting your eyes squarely.

"I have answers for fear, for anger, for violence, Miss Vee," she says. "I have no answer for war."

"*It sounds like a fairly logical concern,*" Hitomi says dubiously. "*You'd have to be the judge of how much damage could happen, Sabrina, but it doesn't sound unreasonable to us.*"

"*But I don't really like it,*" Madoka says. "*It sounds...*" She trails off with a frustrated noise.

Starvation as a means of *control*. And quite possibly memory alteration to smooth things over. For a noble cause, you suppose, if you can trust what she's telling you. She's telling the truth. Probably. But she might not be telling the *whole* truth, and she's certainly painting herself as a noble ruler, only looking out for her subjects, but... still. None of that sits well with you.

"*If* those two groups were not in the consideration at all, then we would have a clear path forward," Toshimichi says with a hint of a smile. "Most groups can be convinced on self-interest alone, if you're willing to commit to distributing cleansing, or Clear Seeds, with an even hand - if only to prevent rivals from having an advantage, each group would accept it. We *do* vote on issues, after all, and those willing to cut their own nose of to spite others are few enough. Beyond that, you would have our backing, and *that* will sway votes."

"So for you, the sticking point is *only* those two groups?" Sayaka ventures carefully, glancing at you out of the corner of her eye for permission.

"The other issue would have been one of trust in your intentions," Toshimichi says. "This meeting has ameliorated that concern."

"Right," Sayaka says, subsiding with a frown.

"I would, of course, be happy to offer more information about the various groups," Toshimichi says. "Of course, you might prefer to meet them later during the Council meeting, and decide for yourselves."

She folds her hands into her sleeves again, clearly waiting for you to make a decision.

---

- [ ] Ask for a break to discuss matters
- [ ] Continue discussion
  - [ ] What focus points?
- [ ] Ask for a private discussion
  - [ ] How do you ask?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

As a rough estimate, I think it'll be two more updates, and the one after *that* will be the meeting with the Council proper (unless something comes up before then to eat up metaphorical screenspace, of course).
