# Power Up Pt. 12

"*Madoka? Hitomi? I could really use your thoughts here,*" you say telepathically. Outward, your face remains blank -you're *sure* it is- as if lost in thought. Which, technically, you are. "*This all seems... far too neat.*"

Toshimichi might be pointing you at her biggest critics, or her greatest rivals, and using you to get rid of them. Or she might be entirely on the level, and telling the truth. Would it look any different? She'd even told you to go talk to them, and see for yourself. It would be under her eye, but maybe you could find the time after the meeting, and either way, she *isn't* asking you to just take it on her word. Or maybe that's just a ploy, with them already poisoned against you.

"*Difficult to say,*" Madoka says.

"*Concur,*" Hitomi says, her mental voice clipped and excited. "*Time to be impertinent, they're practically inviting it. Natural lead in; ask why she would trust you with just one meeting. Is it magic?*"

"I appreciate the offer," you say out loud, after an apparently contemplative moment of silence. "And... I probably *will* want to talk to the groups later - if nothing else, I hope that they would be more amenable to, ah, *talking* to a third party, and I'd be able to take their measure that way."

"That's perfectly understandable," Toshimichi says, inclining her head. "I... would not discourage you, but I would suggest that you temper your expectations, since this isn't the first time the matter has been put forward. In any case, I wouldn't expect you to simply take it at my word."

"That said, may I circle back to another topic?" you say. And you don't have to feign curiosity after her gracious nod, because... c'mon, you *do* want to know. "How can you be so sure you can trust our intentions?"

Toshimichi blinks slowly, and then *giggles*, soft and ladylike, which... to your surprise, prompts a few rolled eyes from her teammates. Megu, in particular, tries to fake offense before getting elbowed in the ribs by Akari. Mami catches your eye, smiling slightly before sliding her gaze deliberately to Sayaka and *oh*, that's what it reminds you of.

Sayaka's expression of faint bafflement flicks over to quizzical as she notices you and Mami's attention, and she shrugs, but you get it - you get what Mami was trying to point out to you. You've unwittingly stumbled over an *in-joke* of some kind, one that has the painfully formal Chiyoda group unwinding with the release of tension.

Of course, you don't know what that in-joke *is*, but you get that much, flicking a slight grin over to Mami, who smiles in return. And behind you, you can sense Kazumi and Umika and Niko glancing between each other as they presumably come to the same realization, and Shinobu and Moe exchange glances, presumably conferring. Mika seems relaxed, deceptively so.

"I l-like-" Toshimichi clears her throat, struggling to get her laughter under control, laughter still bubbling under her words as she continues. "I apologise for the laughter - it's an old point of discussion of ours. To answer your question, I like to think that I'm an excellent judge of character, but it helps that I have magic to aid me in doing so."

"That does make sense," you say, carefully not glancing at the mirror. Some kind of limited clairvoyance, perhaps. "And with the same token, you find that the animosity of Meiji and the Tower group too deep-rooted to dislodge?"

"Not merely that," Toshimichi says, shaking her head. "Their actions speak as loudly as any magic I could summon. Meiji, in particular, are the ones willing to resort to brandishing force. Often, their Witches 'escape' past their borders, and they incur into the territories of others."

She returns her hands to her sleeves, eyes distant and thoughtful as she continues.

"This would not, ordinarily, be a problem," she says. "One of the most common tasks of the Council is simply to mediate on border disputes, after all. But the done thing is to *try* to respect those boundaries - Meiji does not. They chase Witches aggressively and construe any that are *near* to the border as their own. And it is not merely greed that drives them - they're goading responses and casus belli."

"Against who?" Madoka asks through you. You think you see where her line of questioning is going, so you add, "And what would they gain from such a conflict? To my understanding, even if they defeated another group, there would be no gain in it for them other than revenge, correct?"

After all, according to what you'd learned, territories are strictly defined and *fixed*, enforced on the threat of Chiyoda, and of another twenty-six magical girl groups descending on your head. And with magical girls swapping in and out of local groups to balance teams, there *should* be more cohesive ties across borders, shouldn't there?

"On the surface of it, yes," Toshimichi says. "I would be remiss if I did not admit that we *do* share a border with the Meiji group. But their primary grudge is not against us. Rather, it is against the Setagaya group, bordering their territory to the south-west. Beyond the direct opportunity to attack the Setagaya group, they mean to provoke us to act outside of our boundaries, and to use that as an excuse to fight in earnest - they believe that if they can prove our weakness, then others would flock to their cause."

"Would they?" Sayaka asks, frowning slightly.

"They would," Toshimichi says evenly, seeming to take no offense from the blunt question. "We are mediators. We are respected... feared, in some cases. We are not, necessarily, *liked*. There's always an undercurrent that Tokyo would be better without us maintaining control, and a true weakness by which they can tear away would be taken."

That *does* match up with what Kurenai had told you. An uneasy peace, she'd said, some groups more desperate for Grief Seeds than others.

You wonder about it all. You don't know enough about the situation, granted. Toshimichi's been taking great care to paint her group's actions in a good light - not necessarily the *best* light, but she's been making an obvious effort to present their actions as justified. And maybe she's *right*. Keeping *twenty-seven* magical groups at a relative peace is an astounding achievement, however you put it, and you don't know if *you* could manage it.

Still.

You've always been inclined to sympathize with those who *need help*. It's why you're here. You want to help - you just need to determine where to best direct that help, and there's always that attendant assumption that those *in charge* aren't the ones who need help.

"*Ask about the other group? The Tower Group?*" Madoka suggests. "*They've been left out. And... Tokyo Tower's pretty near Chiyoda too. Do they share a border?*"

"*And Toshimichi hasn't mentioned Sumida at all,*" Sayaka murmurs. "*Remember what Kurenai said? They're one of the aggressive groups, but Toshimichi didn't list them as a *problem* group? Dunno how to ask that, though. And, er, sorry if that question earlier was too rude.*"

"*No, it was good,*" Hitomi says. "*They've been bending propriety, and it showed that they accept that in kind. They're not nearly as tightly-wound as the presentation would suggest, or at least, not towards us.*"

"*I concur,*" Mika says. "*We could probably get away with quite a bit - they *want* something from us. Been a common thread so far, hasn't it?*"

"*Right...*" Sayaka says, sounding dubious.

... which reminds you of the oddity of asserting that if *you* joined the Chiyoda group, then all would be well. Which is a rather strange thing to assert, if the problem is one of unlimited access to magic. Why would it make a difference if you were providing it from the inside, so to speak?

More pieces of the puzzle.

You sigh, closing your eyes for a moment. Just a moment, and then you pin Toshimichi with what you hope is a steady, sincere look.

"Well. I really, *really* don't want to see Tokyo devolve into a war," you say. "I... we'll definitely talk to the Meiji group, and see if we can do anything about it. How recent is Meiji's grudge? And what about the Tower group? You mentioned them as well."

"The Meiji group..." Toshimichi pauses to consider the question. "I would say that the resentment has been present for a long time. Two years or so, perhaps. But none of it became an active problem until four months ago, I would say. As for the Tower group, their belligerence is in a way simpler: they resent me, personally, on the basis that they believe me a false claimant to any authority."

"And for that alone they're willing to wage a war, in your words?" you ask slowly. You rock backwards a little and discretely wiggle your toes - cushion or not, magical girl body or not, sitting in seiza for longer periods of time is never going to be *comfortable*.

"To take my position," Toshimichi says. "I will admit, naming a rival to power to be a problem seems less than proper. Nevertheless: they resent me, and they have enough sway and enough power to start a war that will draw others to the fighting. I *will not* allow this."

It doesn't sound *entirely* unreasonable, you admit, and you can't help but feel a pang of sympathy. You can't help but worry that in a few months, a few years, *you* might end up in a not so dissimilar situation: much as you like to talk, much as you like to help people make up with each other... tensions are inevitable. *Fights* are inevitable.

Then again, you're the one giving away free stuff, hah. Everyone likes free stuff.

"*We really need to talk to the groups,*" Madoka says. "*Her side of the story isn't *inconsistent* if her words are taken at face value. Or even at a layer deeper - she's projecting strength and tacitly admitting that some of it is sleight of hand, but still insisting that she has been maintaining control.*"

"*While positioning herself as a heavyweight capable of holding her own,*" Shinobu adds thoughtfully. "*It's a balancing act, even in a negotiation with nominal peers like us.*"

"*That's normal, though,*" Mika says. "*You don't want to seem arrogant, nor weak.*"

"I can certainly understand your position," you say out loud before the silence drags out too far. "And as I mentioned, I definitely don't want to be the cause of a war, either. That said, there are other solutions available?"

"Oh?" Toshimichi says, leaning forward a little.

"My initial offer, made via Miss Ueda, was just an offer of cleansing," you say. "That's still on the table - I could make a schedule, cleansing some or all of the groups in turn. Additionally, if Clear Seeds are untenable as a solution, I can easily just *refresh* partially used Grief Seeds to a pristine state?"

Toshimichi considers this, exchanging a look with Megu, then Akari. Aoi, too, looks intrigued, her gaze focusing laser-sharp on you - you can practically see the calculations running behind her glasses.

"That could work," Toshimichi allows. "Limiting the number of Grief Seeds any group can refresh would work, while ensuring that none will go wanting, nor be able to build up an excessive stockpile."

"That's a possibility, then," you say, eyeing Toshimichi. She meets your gaze with obsidian-black eyes, sharp and evaluating. No stockpiling, huh. That's consistent, at least - a bunch of regular Grief Seeds would fuel a war just as well. Perhaps you could dicker on the definition of stockpiling and numbers, but then, that's something to be nailed down later. "Would it be something you would support, if we were to put it to the Council?"

"I... would think so," Toshimichi says. "I would also support, in the immediate term, allowing for cleansing of all parties present during the meeting - as a show of trust towards you, and to begin building further trust."

"Alright. Definitely a possibility, then," you say, not quite committing to it just yet. You frown in not-entirely feigned thought. "*Miss Nanami, Miss Nishimura? I feel like the answer is yes, but would Miss Tsuruya support claiming a building in Tokyo, and securing a Clear Seed there?*"

You *could* ask Yuki directly, of course, but she seconded Shinobu and Moe to you - she trusts them enough to make decisions on her behalf, and you don't really want to disrespect that.

"*You're absolutely right,*" Shinobu responds without hesitation. "*She would *love* the opportunity.*"

"... there's another option," you say slowly. "One of the Constellation's members is someone who can claim a building as part of her domain. If she secured a building here in Tokyo, *I* would consider it safe to leave a Clear Seed there, as a communal resource. All parties involved could help to keep a watch on it, and ensure that no one group steps out of line. Would you consider that to be reasonable?"

Toshimichi considers this for a long moment.

"I would, tentatively, agree to that," she says. "But I would prefer to evaluate the nature of that magic beforehand. It would be the single largest target in Tokyo, you understand."

"Yuki would welcome the challenge," Shinobu says, leaning forward slightly, and probably-unintentionally looming over your shoulder. "And she would be more than happy to test herself against any trial you might devise."

Toshimichi inclines her head.

"I would, in turn, be pleased to meet her," she says. "Ah, but the meeting with the rest of the Council will be arriving soon. I'm sure you must need a moment to consider the situation," she says, smiling lightly. "I'm certain that I would, in your place. Can we offer you all some tea?"

"Ah..." you say, glancing to Mami, uncertain of the sudden return to propriety.

"If it isn't too much trouble," Mami says, smiling gently.

"It's no less than is proper," Toshimichi says.

"I'll get it," Akari says, rising smoothly to her feet and padding over behind the screen, her footsteps swishing lightly on the mats.

"*An opportunity for us to confer, offered freely,*" Mami says, glancing at you with a slight smile. "*I'm sure she's doing the same with her own teammates.*"

"*Ah,*" you say. "*That makes sense, I guess?*"

"*There's no time to talk to the groups in question before the meeting, is there?*" Madoka asks.

"*Doubt it, unless they arrive early,*" you say. "*Which isn't out of the question, I guess?*"

"*What I'd like to know is what Toshimchi's agenda is,*" Hitomi muses. "*Beyond the obvious politicking of the whole cleansing thing, not that that's unimportant, she *wants* something, and I can't figure it out.*"

"*I think it's something more or less unrelated to cleansing and the distribution thereof,*" Mika offers. "*Maybe something more personal?*"

"*Niko? What do you think?*" Kazumi says slowly. "*You've been thinking real hard on the whole thing, and don't think I haven't noticed you staring at her.*"

"*I've got a hypothesis, but I'm not talking about it yet,*" Niko says. "*I'm *not at all* sure about it, and I need to see more... I need to see more before I can confirm.*"

"*Can you give us anything relevant?*" Kazumi asks.

"*... yeah,*" Niko says. "*Have you been observing her magic?*"

"*The... activity in her magical connections have been holding steady this whole time,*" Mami muses. "*I would hazard a guess that there's more flow through her mirror, which I thought might be some kind of clairvoyance technique, but... none of the connections seem to terminate near us.*"

"*I *think* there's one that goes straight down from here?*" you offer, keeping a curious eye on Akari. You can hear the gurgle of a kettle being filled, and the clink of ceramic. Surprisingly prosaic despite your surroundings, but then, given the refrigerator, there are limitations on whatever magic maintains the palace, you suppose. "*Or at least, it seems to.*"

"*Mm,*" Niko says. Her eyes flicker over to you, thoughtful, but she doesn't say anything more.

"*Well... setting that aside,*" Hitomi says after a slightly awkward level. "*I *think* you can broadly trust Toshimichi to deal fairly. There would be little harm in proceeding with the... refreshed Grief Seeds, or on-the-spot cleansing. Further politicking depends on whether we can judge the groups in question.*"

"*I'm a little worried about her magic truth-telling, or personality evaluation, or... whatever she used to determine your trustworthiness,*" Madoka says. "*And, um, whether that's related to her memory-magic. You're all protected, right?*"

"*Yeah, we should be,*" you say. "*No erraticness on our part? Sayaka?*"

"*Not that we can see,*" Madoka says.

"*I reckon it's normal so far, yeah,*" Sayaka says.

"*Good, that's good,*" Madoka says, sounding relieved.

---

- [x] Ask about Sumida
  - [ ] Press Niko about her thoughts
  - [ ] What else do you ask your friends about?
  - [ ] More questions/discussion with Toshimichi?
  - [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

You've got about twenty minutes before the Council meeting proper. There's still some room for discussion, but you'll have to get moving soon!
