# Power Up Pt. 17

You're panicking a bit, you think? A small, perfectly measured amount that doesn't *feel* like panic, but it's a machine-gun stutter of a thousand thousand thoughts sleeting by at once, running through a thousand scenarios and responses and iterating on them as you tune your thoughts to fit.

*Not* magic as you know it? What does that even mean? It's *important*, you think, but you can't figure out *how*. OK. That thought goes on the backburner for the moment - important, but not *as* important in immediate triage.

OK. You just nearly started a war, but then- *did* you? You might have overreacted a *bit*, but you were over*reacting*. And there are things you don't fuck around with, that you absolutely do not *dare* to. Not around Mami, not around Madoka and Hitomi and all your friends. You fear that whisper at the back of your mind, of *Candeloro*, and Madoka... you *know* where that road leads.

You need to take stock.

Your friends, first of all. Nanofog, held tight to your person - sight without looking, a thousand million billion invisible particles flowing around you and your friends, enough to *check* on them. Pulse. You find pulses, you *see* magic burning in your mind's eye, but they're just... *stopped*. Frozen in place, as if -hah- by magic.

Memory modification? No, that seems unlikely - you're pretty sure that that's a separate thing, if there is one at all. *This* is just some kind of stasis magic, albeit one you don't understand at *all*. Fine. You'll sort that out in a second. You push down the fear, the worry for the moment, and focus on what you can *do*.

"*Madoka, Hitomi? Are you girls alright?*" you say. They're fine. They have to be. They were talking to you just a moment ago.

The Chiyoda girls. Aoi, Megu, Akari... Akane. You finish the half-stumble from release, of pushing against resistance that suddenly wasn't *there* anymore, and spin to face them fully. Faced head on, rather than a glimpse out of the corner of your eye with arms pinwheeling to regain your balance, none of them look great.

Megu's just starting to sit up, clutching at her chest while Grief continues to accumulate in her Soul Gem. Aoi kneels by her, one hand sliding under her back to support her, but her attention snaps to you, the Grief Seed she'd been fumbling towards Megu falling to her side - she *definitely* noticed what you did.

Akane sits ramrod straight, the sweat still beading on her brow and knuckles white about the hilt of her sword, Akari touching a hand to the base of her skull and murmuring quietly to her. None of them are unconscious or *slowed*, as you thought they might be.

The shimmering web hangs between them, undisturbed and glowing faintly.

"*Y-yes, but- Sayaka's- Sayaka's stuck!*" Madoka says. She sounds like she's trying to hold it together, panicking just a smidge.

"*What's happening?*" Homura's voice cuts in. "*Do you need backup?*"

"*Homura's here,*" Hitomi adds, somewhat belatedly.

"*No, I- no, I don't think so,*" you say, your words tumbling over each other. "*One of the Tokyo girls tried to drop an, ah, infohazard. I tried to block it out, Chiyoda hit a panic button and... *froze* all the magical girls, but I resisted it? Everyone's fine except for that, I'm working on it. I'll update when I know more.*"

Imai, though. You spare a glance for her, frozen in place like your friends, like the rest of the auditorium, mouth still contorting around the words she was spitting like weapons, because they *are*. Some things are dangerous to know.

Whatever.

You'll deal with that a moment. She's even *less* important right now.

"*R-right!*" Madoka says, her voice vibrating with anxiety. "*We'll look after Sayaka.*"

"*Stay safe,*" Homura murmurs.

"*Thank you, Madoka, and... we will. Sit tight and *you* stay safe too, ok? I'll fix this,*" you say. "*I don't *think* Chiyoda means harm.*"

"Miss Shimada?" you say. She looks the most... unoccupied for the moment, and she's already looking at you, anyway. You hold both hands up, trying to convey that you mean no harm, and smile in what you hope is a reassuring way. "How can I help?"

"I-" Aoi glances at Megu, who's thin-lipped and pale, recovering still. "You already helped with- with Megu, right?"

"I did, yeah," you say. "I'm... sorry if I overstepped with that, but her Soul Gem..."

"No, thank you for that," Aoi says.

Megu nods weakly.

"Can you do anything for Akane?" she manages.

"I... don't think so?" you say, pressing your lips together. You approach carefully, kneeling down in front of them. "I don't really know what her magic *does*, either and I'm... guessing you don't quite understand either, do you?"

Megu barks out a sharp, mirthless laugh, and then clutches her head, wincing.

"I- Aoi, give me that-" Megu grabs the Grief Seed from her, pressing it to the rapidly clouding crimson of her Soul Gem. Her shoulders sag with relief as the Grief drains out once more. "That's a dangerous question to ask, Miss Vee."

You press your lips together. A dangerous question? *How?*

"I... understand that you acted to stop incipient danger to almost everyone present," you allow, and your tone might be a bit stiff, but can anyone really blame you, with your friends trapped in some magic you don't *understand*? "And I hope that it wasn't from *my* actions - I had only meant to isolate my group from what I perceived as a threat to my friends."

"They haven't been harmed," Megu says tightly. "It doesn't hurt people, or even *do* anything to them outside of halting them for a moment. I..." Her eyes flick down to her Soul Gem, on its pendant around her neck. "Tell me, is there someone else like you, who might be resisting the magic particularly strongly?"

"I..." You blink. "Sayaka, maybe. She's, uh- *this* Sayaka's a clone, her real body's back in Mitakihara. But maybe *all* of us, as well? We made some defensive enchantments before this that I... suspect might sit on the same wavelength."

"Understood." It takes you a moment to figure out who spoke, so different is the voice from when you'd last heard it - but it's *Akane*, the practiced, mellow elegance of her voice stripped away in favour of something raw and reverberating and *resonant* in a way that feels achingly familiar.

Akane smiles at you, a ghastly thing cracking through the rictus of concentration. Sunken eyes burn fever bright as they search out your own. "It is well to meet an elder cousin," she says, her voice strained. "But I confess, I suspect you are as much in the dark as I am."

"Akane..." Akari says. "Are you sure?"

"Look to Miss Vee for your answer," the girl says.

"... I'm not sure?" you say hesitantly, when three pairs of eyes swivel to you. "I believe I've got an idea, but I'm not sure. Er. Not to deflect, but I don't want to waste time right now, if things are that stressful for you, Miss Toshimichi?"

Megu's eyes narrow.

"This is not something that should be a strain. It will not be so if I can isolate the anomalies," Akane says. "To be on the safe side, and as a gesture of good faith, I will release all of your friends. It will take a moment. Are they the type to lash out?"

"... alright," you say. You admit, you were hoping for that, and kind of considering on insisting on it, too. "And no, not really."

You watch the magic stir around Toshimichi for a moment, the threads wrapped tight around your friends and the others in the chamber in tight, dense snarls. Toshimichi's... untangling them, you suppose, would be the best word to describe the motion you're seeing.

You've got a moment more to gather your thoughts, you think.

---

- [ ] Allow the Chiyoda group to continue their procedures
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

      - [x] Loop in Madoka, Hitomi, Homura, Oriko, Yuki, Shiogama and the Asunaro Pleiades. Give them a full update and keep them informed as the situation develops. No explicit bombs, but share that Imai tried to drop an infohazard.

\=====​

Cutting to vote early, as requested.

Also, the last update has been edited a bit to make it clearer Imai was going for, well, infohazards. You're not sure whether it was about Witches or liches, but still.

Also also, shoutout to IToadlyFrogot, who's maintaining a list of all the Tokyo girls you've spoken to so far (current updated one [here](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-6941#post-20786017))!
