# Power Up Pt. 20

*Evaluations*, pah.

Akane and Chiyoda are following their own agenda, that much is obvious. You don't know *what* that agenda is, but it exists, and how, exactly, it fits with yours stands to be seen. And you have to admit, you're getting a *little* annoyed with being jerked around like this. It's *politics*, on a small scale. Not what you were expecting, when you came in here today, but such is as it is: figure out Chiyoda, then match yourself on a larger scale against the *rest* of the Tokyo Council.

And on the same note, you're both a little annoyed *and* eagerly trying to figure out Akane herself. Everything about her is... *odd*. You're starting to put together a picture, but you've been thinking that from the beginning. Some pieces of the puzzle are obvious: you've got a metaphorical corner piece in the form of Akane's whole aesthetic. Sword, mirror, shield, very traditional, one might say *imperious* mode of speech.

Niko's drummed up a couple more corner pieces too: you were *pretty* sure that Megu and Aoi were linked to Akane beyond Akane 'simply' drawing power from the former, but Niko's questions and the corresponding answer confirmed that. Which makes the metaphor quite convenient: with three corner pieces, the last, missing one is how Akari fits into the trio. It's possible that she's *just* a regular magical girl who happened to be part of the group, but you sort of doubt that.

Wishborn. There's a word for it, you suppose, if it's even correct. Maybe it is.

Irrelevant. There's another word for it. Maybe? You can't *help* but keep thinking about it, especially with all of Niko's questions and her furious muttering a constant backdrop to your own thoughts. Even with you *relishing* the challenge on some level, even with the fact that you can't stop thinking about it, you... can't help but feel like it isn't quite relevant to the matter at hand.

But then...

Akane called *you* elder cousin. If not a piece of a puzzle, then it's almost certainly *why* you're getting special treatment. You doubt that any other group has ever been *allowed* to see this far behind the curtain of how the Chiyoda group operates. Sure, that might simply be because you managed to resist Akane's peoplestop, but her easy, amiable acceptance of the occurrence and of *you* yourself *has* to be tied in in some way, right?

You set those thoughts aside for the moment, in favour of the more pressing issue.

Politics.

Akane's passing the buck to you. It's a trick so classic that you can barely call it a trick, just a simple fact of life: you ask someone else what they'd do in a given situation, and with the right scenario, the answer will tell you volumes about that person. You can answer *that* without knowing the details of Akane's background.

So. What *do* you want to do when you've got a whole bunch of magical girls frozen amidst a political blowup?

Well, for starters, you might consider posing the question: why *would* you try and handle the question yourself, when you yourself arranged for people better at this kind of thing to help you? Admittedly, Madoka and Hitomi aren't on the line at the moment, since you'd closed the call in anticipation of potential infohazards, but it might be time to change that.

"May I have a moment further to consider this?" you say. "Ah, I should ask - is maintaining the current state of affairs a strain for you, Miss Toshimichi, Miss Megu? Would I be able to assist in relieving that strain?"

"It is indeed an effort, but not an undue strain," Akane answers smoothly. "Please, feel free to take a seat, or indeed discuss things amongst yourselves if you wish. Akari, could you fetch them some mats?"

"Ah... we shouldn't take that long to figure things out," you say. "I just need a bit of time to think, that's all."

And truth be told, it's a little odd to have the rest of the Tokyo Council frozen there on the tiered seats rising above you - it's not like the faint unreality of Homura's timestop, with its muted greys and endless silence. Instead, they're just... *stopped*. Imai, with the sneer still on her face and mouth still parted to speak, half the girls of the Council turning to face her...

You take a breath, looking around at your friends. Mami smiles at you, warm and encouraging as always - but there's a thoughtful moue to her expression as she too thinks through the implications. Sayaka, by contrast, just catches your eye and shrugs with a slightly sheepish grin.

Mika looks ever so slightly amused, as she always does. But then, by contrast with Sayaka, this *is* her field, and she's probably interested to see what *you* do, too, and... frankly, it pays to seem calm and in control even if you're uncertain, you suppose. Kazumi smiles apologetically at you, slightly strained as she continues to glance at Niko, who's now resorted to tugging vigorously on her braid as she thinks, and Umika looks fondly exasperated.

Shinobu and Moe are both half turned away, heads bent in their own conversation, but they look up as they feel your gaze on you, and nod slightly.

"*Later*," Moe mouths to you.

Huh.

Well, that aside, you've got something to check on. Several somethings.

"*Oriko, can you confirm what Toshimichi said about freezing the rest of the Council girls?*" you murmur.

"*Confirmed,*" Oriko's response arrives instantly. "*It is... I would say unnatural, but we *are* dealing with magic and the supernatural. It's... an effect like nothing I've ever seen before.*"

"*Gotcha... any insight to offer, by the way?*" you say. "*I've got an idea, but I trust your opinion too.*"

Simultaneously, you've been taking the moment to relay the current events to Madoka and Hitomi via telepathy, and with another sliver of your attention, starting up the call on your phone once more - using Grief to push the buttons, of course.

"*... so, yeah, that's what's going on,*" you say. "*And I'm restarting the phone call... now, OK?*"

"*Understood,*" Hitomi says.

"*Ah, the call's here!*" Madoka says. You can imagine her fumbling with the phone to answer the call, then setting it back down once more. "*OK! So, um...*"

"Right, so... I want to run my idea past you guys first? Just to make sure I'm not doing something stupid," you say at a low murmur, beckoning your friends to gather around. At the same time, you speak to Madoka and Hitomi. "*Are you guys hearing me?*"

"*A bit soft, but we can hear you!*" Madoka says.

"*Chiyoda are right there, I presume?*" Hitomi asks.

"*Yeah, but they said to feel free,*" you say. And the Constellation's all murmured their agreement, so you continue out loud.

"So... feel free to tell me if I'm being stupid or something, but my first inclination is to let Toshimichi's undo happen. It's essentially the only short term solution we have to that outburst, I think, except for escorting Miss Imai out. In the mid term, I want to talk to them after this meeting and possibly offer to see if relocating them is an option, which covers the longer term option?"

"Huh," Mika says, blinking. "To where?"

"Mitakihara if need be?" you say. "I'm still figuring that out. It's... not the best option, but it's the only one I can think of right now."

"More support for Walpurgisnacht, hm?" Shinobu murmurs.

"Not if they don't want to," you say firmly. "They can duck out of town if need be, for that fight."

"You think Mitakihara can handle another team?" Sayaka mutters, fidgeting with the edge of her cape. "'specially one like them?"

"We don't know what they're like," Mami notes quietly. "We only know that they're angry, and lashing out. It may be that some distance is exactly what they need."

"That's what I was thinking too," you say. "I don't know what their issues are, but I want to talk to them and find out, and... if it'd help, if it's practical, then I'll make the offer."

"Pretty good idea," Kazumi says. "If you can persuade them to move, it'd solve everything, but it's a... pretty big if? I like it!"

"*Miss Kazusa is partially correct,*" Hitomi adds. "If*Miss Imai and her group can be persuaded to move, then it would resolve the specific issue of her and her group. *However*. This presents two potential problems down the line: any problems that Miss Imai has would then be ours. Not, necessarily, a major issue, but it's worth entering for consideration.*"

"*The, um, bigger problem is that it sets a precedent,*" Madoka says. "*For Tokyo - it means that Chiyoda is willing to send their, um, problems to other places. *They* might not accept it because it would make them seem weak. Um! They've been willing to treat you as equals in private, but they still want to show a strong face to everyone there, right? And other magical girl groups too... But it can't hurt to ask!*"

"*Agreed,*" Hitomi says. "*The offer alone is instructive and representative of our ethos as the Constellation - we want to support *all* magical girls. In turn, their acceptance or refusal will speak volumes as to their stance.*"

"*Got it, thank you,*" you say, rubbing your forehead as you think. It can't hurt to offer, because this *is* the kind of impression you want to project, huh?

You exhale, and nod slowly.

"OK. If we're all agreed, then?" you say.

"Does this change our plans for the proposal?" Mika asks thoughtfully. "We want to set up an embassy of sorts. Does that change if we, as Constellation, are taking in Tokyo's... political dissidents, of a sort?"

"I... don't see why?" you say, tilting your head.

"Well, if we're taking them in as *part* of the Constellation, they'll presumably want a say," Mika says. "And if the drive for revenge is too strong..."

"That's true, but..." you shake your head. "I'm not particularly inclined to pursue vengeance on anyone, or on *behalf* of anyone."

"Mm," Mika says, nodding thoughtfully. "It's something that you might have to address, but at a later time. Other than that, I have no objections, just an observation?"

"... oh?" you say curiously.

"Shinobi are known for two things," Mika says, tilting her head slightly. "If we discard a certain show, anyway. Assassination, and... theft."

"Alright, cool," you say, scanning around the group, ending with the duo from Fukushima. "Miss Nanami? Miss Nishimura?"

"You're intending to offer to relocate them to Mitakihara?" Shinobu says, scratching her head.

"If it gets that far, I think so?" you say. "I'm not sure where else we *could*..."

Shinobu nods slowly.

"Then no, no objections from us," she says.

"Alright," you say. "Alright."

You turn back to face Chiyoda, your friends fanning out behind you once more to present a united front. Akane looks up at you, dark eyes curious and evaluating.

"We have our proposal," you say, and take a deep breath, facing them all squarely. "In the end, it always comes down to *talking things out*, or violence, and I'll always choose the former over the latter. So if you're asking me, Miss Toshimichi, that would be my answer - I want to talk to Miss Imai. Personally. I don't understand what the causes of her anger are, and maybe if I did, I could resolve them."

"From what we've heard, it's been a winning tactic for you," Aoi says drily. She'd sat back down at some point, sitting between Akane and Megu and darting worried glances at the latter while fingering *another* Grief Seed. Not to be used yet, but certainly held at the ready against such an eventuality.

But *that* was a politician's answer, you can't help but note in some cynical corner of your mind. No actual approval or disapproval expressed, a sentence that allows you to draw faint praise from it if you so choose. But Mami's smiling in that tiny, hidden way that's just for you, warm *joy* that lights her face up.

"Oh, it certainly has - and I speak as someone who was on the receiving end. Arguably," Moe drawls, then smirks, folding her arms. "She can be quite... disarming, really."

... really, Moe?

You can feel *Mami* giving her a Look.

"In the end, we're all people," you say, folding your arms. "And... frankly, most people would rather not fight - let alone teenagers, which most of us *are*. As to the *specifics*, I acknowledge that her, ah, *outburst* here could have been ruinous, and I have no way of dealing with it as is, other than being *extremely* overt."

You gesture at Imai herself, still frozen there.

"I want to talk to Miss Imai after this, and I want to specifically try and address the cause of her anger, if I can," you say. "We *are* outsiders to Tokyo, and hopefully she might be willing to let us try - willing to actually negotiate some kind of solution."

"My reputation might help on that matter," Mami adds, and you sneak her a quick grin.

"And as to a *specific* measure - I intend to offer to allow Miss Imai and her group to relocate elsewhere, most likely Mitakihara," you conclude. "Depending on circumstances, of course. I don't *know* what's causing her anger, but perhaps some separation and *room* to air out her grievances might help."

A moment of silence as Akane observes you, raising a single eyebrow. Her expression gives nothing else away, blank and smooth like a porcelain doll's.

"And what about everyone else who might have grievances with us?" Akari asks.

"I don't know," you say honestly. "I can't provide a general solution when I don't understand all the root causes - but as I understand it, Miss Imai, and the Meiji group behind her, are the focal point of a considerable amount of anger and belligerence, are they not? Surely resolving that would help?"

"*Good answer to a rather strange question,*" Hitomi notes. "*I would say that she's unhappy with the situation, but it's rather clumsier than I would expect from them, given their previous showings. I need to think about this.*"

"It would certainly ease the pressure," Akane says, inclining her head slightly. "In truth, I am uncertain if Miss Imai would take your offer, Miss Vee, but I thank you for the consideration. I believe that the attempt will be useful, however, and I certainly will not bar you from trying."

She smiles slightly and raises a hand. "Shall we resume the meeting, then?"

---

- [ ] Proceed as planned
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

This is, I suppose, a 'part one'? The next update doesn't require too much of a vote, but I had to break the update somewhere because I want to actually update this week. >\_>

I'm really sorry how erratic my updating's been. Still having trouble wrangling the words properly.

(And if you're wondering about the 'will affect the next update' thing I mentioned in the last update, asking for your speculation, well... see above, regarding split update. >\_>)
