# Power Up Pt. 21

One last look around at your friends, to check for any concerns - and seeing none, you turn back to Akane.

"As ready as we can be," you say, turning back to Akane. "Do we have to do anything special?"

"No," Akane says. "The flow of karma will readjust itself readily enough."

"That *still* doesn't make sense!" Niko blurts plaintively. "It just- it *doesn't*! How can that be *possible*?"

"Magic is not *physics*," Akane says, a hint of derision in her voice. She nails Niko with a gaze, obsidian-black eyes almost seeming to stare through her. "It does not follow *rules*."

"I know *that*," Niko retorts, folding her arms. "The 'rules' magic follows are deeper and more subtle than that. It's not as simple as, as mass-energy equivalence or anything like that. Magic is shaped by people, and that just makes psychology and sociology part of the underlying rules!"

She starts to point accusingly at Akane, then seems to think better of it, aborting the gesture.

"But twisting karma like that is- is-" Niko's words fail her. "Karma is *potential*. It's like saying that you're just pointing at- I dunno, the strong nuclear force and saying 'I control that'. *Without* magic. It's too, too *fundamental*. And saying you can just put it on *pause* like that, and the world goes on? It doesn't *work* like that."

Akane stares back at Niko, expression blank, and the silence stretches out, weighty and strained. Niko's last words seem to hang in the air, all but accusing Akane, putative *royalty*, of lying. Even her friends -her supporters- are silent, lips pressed together and waiting for her response. You glance at Mami, her gaze snapping to yours in the same instant - and then she shakes her head slightly.

Just a hairsbreadth, but you get the message. Don't interfere, not on this. Over Mami's shoulder, you see Mika glancing your way too, but she doesn't do anything, simply looking at you with, perhaps, a touch of consideration, then turning back to Akane.

"Perhaps you are right," Akane says finally. "Certainly, *I* believe that I am doing as I say: I speak the *truth* to the world, and the world listens. Karma is not a part of the world - but it nevertheless takes its cues, in the way the land shapes the river even as the river shapes the land. Attuned to karma as magical girls are, should you *not* bend to follow?"

"But-"

Akane cuts Niko off with a raised hand, and to your mild surprise, Niko *does* shut up, frowning mutinously, and once more, the silence stretches out - but not nearly as long, this time.

"There *are* truths that I *cannot* speak," Akane says quietly. "Not because the knowledge is *inherently* dangerous, but because there are some things that if acknowledged by myself or my friends, can be *dangerous*."

"No such thing as dangerous knowledge," Niko says. "Just cowar- mmrph!"

"Yes, thank you, Niko," Kazumi says, hand clamped firmly over Niko's mouth. After a moment, she shifts to hold the blonde in a full headlock. "Thank you for indulging us, Miss Toshimichi."

"Oh, not at all," Akane says, a faint smirk on her lips. "It was quite refreshing, really."

"*That's an, um, interesting point Miss Toshimichi was making,*" Madoka supplies over telepathy. "*It's different for something to be an open secret, or something officially acknowledged by the person it's about. The former can be politely ignored, the latter... Um. Politics is like that, I suppose... Ahh, I wish people could be nicer...*"

"*I'm curious, I admit,*" Hitomi adds. "*It must be something to do with her origin, from context? I don't get the impression she hasn't been honest, or helpful. She has no reason to indulge all this barrage of questions. She *wants* you to understand *something*. Madoka and I have been trying to guess, but... we don't have nearly enough knowledge of magic. And... I suppose maybe there's some magical element to it? The kind of thing that if she acknowledges something, it all falls apart. Literally. Is that something magic does?*"

"*It's... not impossible? And that aside, I get the impression she's testing me, too,*" you say. "*I mean, there was that question, what would *we* do, when it was pretty clearly directed at me.*"

"*Mm!*" Madoka says. "*She sees you as a peer, and she sees the Constellation as a peer to the Tokyo Council. Or... mm! She wants to *prove* you're peers, especially to her friends. But she can't *say* so explicitly, of course. She's the one who's been encouraging them to open up, right?*"

"*Yeah...*" you say. "*Well. Hopefully she's not in it for my political acumen.*"

"*You're doing just fine, Sabrina,*" Madoka says firmly.

"*I feel beholden to add that they could simply be making the best of a bad situation,*" Hitomi observes. "*The fact that you resisted Miss Toshimichi's... ability is a major wrench in their usual *modus operandi*, I imagine. Voluntarily reading you in on the secret as much as they have and engendering trust might simply be the expedient path, rather than having you treat it as a hostile act might seem to be the prudent action. I don't *think* this is the case, given what I've heard, but it's a possibility worth raising.*"

"That said..." Mika taps her lips with a thoughtful air, eyeing Akane. "I feel I must ask. It seems evident that Miss Imai and her group are the greatest, shall we say, troublemakers under you. But we've been told that they are not the only ones who chafe under your rule."

"Certainly there are," Akane says, inclining her head regally. "However, Meiji's intentions are animosity *and* ambition. The former makes them driven, and the latter makes them a powerful rallying point." She tilts her head slightly, the curtain of her hair sweeping smoothly with the motion as she gives Mika a long look, then you. "To be blunt, and to bring the question back to your original reason for coming here, Meiji would deny your provision of a Grief Seed because it's one less reason that they could use to leverage support."

"*Interesting,*" Hitomi murmurs. "*I don't think that quite gels with previous information, but it *was* something we'd considered earlier. That said, explaining it *now*, and not earlier... hrm. I'm not sure.*"

"Would the other groups not follow similar reasoning?" Mami asks, taking a half-step forward. "Inequality and disparity will always be powerful motivators."

"Sumida would prefer to *have* the Clear Seed to back their skirmishes," Akane says, waving a negligent hand. "As would Kyuedo. Theirs are motivations of... lesser greed, for having *more* as opposed to gaining power." She raises both eyebrows. "This is one of the reasons I instituted the member trades for hunting. It... defuses animosity and builds friendships, to an extent. It makes it harder to muster longer term campaigns."

"I see," Mami says, smiling as she steps back beside you, bumping her shoulder against yours.

"Does that satisfy your curiosity?" Akane asks, returning her attention to Mika.

"It does," Mika says brightly. "Sorry to interrupt."

"Then, if there's nothing else?" Akane asks, gesturing back at the frozen auditorium.

"No, I think that's really it this time," you say, glancing at your friends one more time.

"Then please, prepare yourselves," Akane says.

Her eyes slide shut, and you can feel the air thrum, a frisson rolling down your back at the electric feeling. You can *feel* the strings wrap tight around Akane, Megu's magic swirling in drifting clouds around them. It's-

"*Return*."

It's the feel of a *Wish*. Of a *Soul* wagered against the world, to burn bright in defiance. To unwrite some small part of the universe, to buy a miracle. To bring meaning to the meaningless.
How do you know that?
And then... the process halts in its tracks. Reality shivers, and listens. *Listens*, to potential held in check, weights balanced on the edge of a blade and illuminated by the reflection of radiance unseen.

You sway back on your heels, Mami steadying you with a hand on your elbow and a quick smile and a questioning look. You smile back, nodding fractionally and cocking an eyebrow - you're fine, but did she notice anything? And in turn, Mami's expression turns quizzical as she shakes her head. No, what are you talking about? A quick shake and tilt of your head in response, accompanied by a slight smile - it's nothing important, but you can talk about it later. Mami smiles, and returns her attention to the yet-frozen Council.

It doesn't seem like anyone else noticed anything either, not even Niko, who's squinting to an almost comical degree at Akane.

Huh. Not magic as you know it, indeed.

Akane tilts her head slightly, the light seeming to catch on the teardrop jewel in her hair.

A slam of fists on table. You *do* jump a little this time, as noise crashes into you - not the same sharp *shudder* of Homura's timestop releasing, but an almost explosive unspooling of pent-up sound. That same girl to the left of the auditorium explodes to her feet, deja-vu on the back of your mind.

"Imai, for once in your life will you stop with your fucking *weasel words*?" she snarls. "You've been doing this *every damn meeting* for *months*, and all you're doing is *holding* things up for people who actually want to get something *done*. You've got a problem with Toshimichi, you've got a problem with us, you've got a problem with who the fuck else. And *now*, in front of visitors?"

"Miss Fukuda, Miss Imai," Akane snaps. "Kindly restrain yourselves, or you will be ejected from this session."

"Yeah, wouldn't be the first time you just throw me out for telling the truth, eh?" Imai jeers, but subsides, slouching back in her seat with a scowl.

You exhale slowly, looking around the auditorium. No signs of confusion, or upset, or concern - well, none that would be out of place with Imai blowing up again. No signs of hidden messages passed on, or contingencies tripped. Seamless.

Small wonder Chiyoda's managed to stay atop this particular mess for so long.

Another girl raises her hand, near the front of the auditorium, just one row up. She looks oddly lopsided in her costume, an armoured thing vaguely reminiscent of something an archer might wear - a single, heavy pauldron with intricate, flowing swirls of flame in brass and crimson. Even so, dark eyes are intent on you behind her glasses, her swept-back brown hair giving her a vaguely predatory look.

"Sano Naoko, from Bunkyō, Miss Vee," she says, introducing herself smoothly. "If I may, Miss Vee, Miss Imai did raise a relevant point. Are there limits on who you will offer your aid to? What kind of measures do you intend to levy against those who break your rules?"

"My basic rules haven't changed. Hold to the peace. Try to help, and if you can't, pass it on to someone who might be better able to," you say, sighing. "I don't care *too* much about any past sins - as long as someone's willing to turn over a new leaf, then my aid, and by extension, the Clear Seed is available."

"Even murderers?" Imai says silkily.

"Even murderers," you say, meeting the pink-haired girl's eyes squarely. Hah. Evidently kindness isn't something conferred by pink hair. Or maybe the purple tips ruins the effect. "As long as someone's willing to be *better*, then yes. We're not, I think, asking for much - *be nice*."

"And we are willing, and *have* put considerable work into figuring out longer term solutions," Moe adds, stepping forward beside you. Her gaze sweeps the auditorium calmly. "My group's contribution to Constellation is part of that. We are working towards *solving* such conflicts."

"*Smart,*" Hitomi murmurs. "*Emphasizing their role, while balancing, and reminding everyone in the know, that their incarceration facilities aren't to be permanent.*"

"Exactly so," you say. "And to that end - as we mentioned, we will be sticking around for a while after this session ends, and will be available to speak more personally? And not just for problems." You grin. "We're generally a pretty friendly bunch, really, and... well, Miss Nakano?"

"We're always looking to make connections," Mika says, smoothly taking up the conversational baton. "Whether it be for business -and I mean *conventional* business for making money- or simply new acquaintances which we might arrange working relationships with, in the future."

"I see," Naoko says, unfazed by the interruptions and the exposition. "That does answer my question, thank you very much."

"Now, to the matter at hand: do we have any further concerns, or a closing statement from the Constellation?" Akane says. "If all parties are amenable, we may put this matter to a vote after allowing some time for you to discuss with your home groups."

**\[] Make a closing statement
\- \[] Write-in
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

I'm really sorry for how late this update is, but well - here it is, at last!

(And about that metaphysics thing - I didn't forget it, it just... didn't fit with how the narrative went. Nevertheless, it's still a thought at the back of Sabrina's mind, and will come up when it's appropriate.)
