# Power Up Pt. 22

Mami catches your eye for a split second and smiles, before turning smoothly to Akane.

"We do have a closing statement to make," she says. "Please, give us a moment to review it in light of the concerns raised today."

And it's a good thing that Mami's there to cover for you, because *you* have been struck by a certain burst of paranoia. Niko... doesn't really seem to be acting like Niko. The Niko you'd met in Asunaro was... demure, almost. Quiet, focused, and thoughtful. She'd *apologised* for getting knocked out and their Clear Seed stolen by enemy action, for goodness' sake.

The Niko today has been all but the opposite. Aggressive, rude, and outspoken. And you *know* that there's someone out there who looks *exactly* like Niko, and more than ample ability and reason to *replace* her. And *did* replace her, elsewhere, and elsewhen.

Then again, you can *check*. Easily. All it takes is a probing thought, a silent demand, and...

*Hecate*.

A funeral voice, whispering in answer at the back of your head. A Witch Name, as close to inviolate as anything might be... and just as importantly, the *correct* Name for Niko's Witch. So - that's about as sure you can be that it *is* her.

... and besides, how likely is it that *none* of her girlfriends would have noticed the swap? Even in that other time, Hijiri Kanna only managed to sneak in in the wake of Kazumi's *death*, where all of them had been lost in their own despair and, any discrepancies could be attributed to grief.

Which leaves, of course, the question of why she *is* acting rather out of character today. But there's a simple answer to that, you realize in retrospect. Niko isn't *rational* about Wishborn. Understandable, given Hijiri Kanna, and it... evidently isn't the first time she's gotten too *aggressive* about this sort of thing, either, given Kazumi and Umika's reactions.

Right. *That* paranoia aside, you still need to figure out a closing statement. The delegates of the Tokyo Council aren't exactly impatient, not yet, quiet murmurs of conversation breaking out here and there. Most of them look preoccupied in the way you associate with involved telepathic exchanges, the air thick with speech unheard.

"*Alright, uh- closing statement,*" you say to your friends. You simultaneously relay it to those of your friends *present* here, as well as Madoka and Hitomi back home - on separate mental channels, of course. "*Thank them for their time, reiterate that we'll be open to private talks, and... mention, for the record, that Walpurgisnacht is coming - and that our help is *not* contingent on them doing anything with regards to it.*"

"*Sounds like a plan,*" Sayaka agrees cheerfully.

"*Do emphasize that we'll be around to talk,*" Mika adds. "*The *real* work comes in the one on ones, anyway, this is just the foot in the door. Ten-to-one odds say Toshimichi will want to talk to you privately after this, Miss Vee.*"

"*I'm not taking that bet,*" Shinobu adds drily. "*Miss Nakano is right.*"

"*I wouldn't know 'bout that,*" Kazumi says. "*But it sounds good to me!*"

"*Those sound like solid points to hit!*" Madoka says. "*But, um, remember to emphasize that even in the Constellation, it's not *necessary* to show up and fight!*"

"*Good point, thank you,*" you say, and clear your throat, straightening.

"Thank you all for your listening to our proposal today," you say crisply, pitching your voice to carry. "We do hope that you'll accept - I mean, it's free stuff, right?" You smile, spreading your hands slightly, and are rewarded by a few giggles. Not a *completely* inured audience, which is promising for your chances of actually managing to win favour for your proposal. "However, we understand if you do not. Regardless, there is one additional factor that we feel is worth mentioning, especially in light of Miss Sugahara's raised concerns."

You nod at the silver-haired girl as she gives you a curious look.

"I want to make something clear: our offer, as it stands, with the Clear Seed and the offers of aid, is *only* contingent on the guidelines we have laid out today, which sum up to *be nice*, and nothing else," you say. "We don't demand your aid in anything, now or in the future. And with *that* in mind: as many of you are doubtlessly already aware, Walpurgisnacht will be coming to Mitakihara."

You let that bombshell fall, exploding into a flurry of concerned looks and frantic whispers.

"We are *not* asking for your help for dealing with it," you say, raising your voice to be heard over the hubbub. "The only reason that I'm bringing it up now is simply for the sake of transparency and clarification - even within the Constellation, helping with the fight is not mandatory. If you have friends or family in Mitakihara who you might want to convince to get to safety, we'd be happy to facilitate if need be. And again - we'll be sticking around after this, if anyone wants to raise issues that you'd rather not air in public."

You pause again to let it all sink in, and to allow for questions and to let your friends add comments if they want - but facing looks of calculated consideration and interest and a few worried expressions, it seems that no one wants to speak up.

"Then if there's nothing else, thank you for your time," you say, dipping into a slight bow. Mami matches it at your side, as does Sayaka on your left, the crest of a ripple going down the row of your friends as you all bow.

And in return, you get polite applause - Kurenai's the one who starts it, all the way at the back of the room, and Terumi at her side the one who picks up on it. From there, the clapping spreads. None too enthusiastic, downright grudging in some cases, but even Imai bows to social norms and offers a few limp claps, her glare still fixed on you.

"Thank you for your proposal, delegates of Constellation," Akane says as the clapping dies out. Her voice cuts through the remaining applause, and the auditorium falls silent once more, faces turning to Akane - some with interest, some with hostility, and most simply neutral. "I believe we will now have a half hours' recess, during which you may discuss the proposal before us with your home groups - or indeed, with the Constellation. After this, we will hold a vote. Does anyone wish to raise any issues pertaining to this?"

"Half an hour might be a bit short, Miss Toshimichi," a girl you don't recognise pipes up from somewhere in the middle of the auditorium. "There's a lot to consider, here."

"Seconded!" a voice squeaks from the back row - and her you recognise. Takada Saeko, the girl who'd expressed interest in meeting Mika.

"We reconvene in an hour, then," Akane says, her voice brooking no disagreement.

She stands, her robes cascading smoothly into perfect order, and the rest of the Chiyoda group stands with her. Together, Akane and Megu sweep out of the room, Megu maintaining a perfect space at Akane's side and their steps in equal synchronization. Aoi and Akari wait until they leave the room before turning to face the Council.

"This auditorium, as well as the adjacent hall, will be available for purposes of smaller discussions," Aoi declares, while Akari turns to you.

"Please, this way," she says, voice pitched lower for you and your friends. "I'll show you to the hall first. Refreshments will be made available in a moment."

"Thank you," Mami says, smiling faintly. "Please lead the way."

"*I'm not *entirely* sure, but I believe Toshimichi is listening in on the conversations,*" Oriko murmurs to you. "*Or at least, it seems her attention remains with the Council. Not on *you*, but the Council.*"

"*That's- hrm,*" you say as you turn to follow Akari's armoured form. "*That's good to know, thank you. Not too surprising, I guess? Thanks for keeping an eye out, though.*"

Your friends fall in with you as Akari heads out of the auditorium, footsteps whispering over the richly stained wooden floor. Mami at your right, her shoulders bumping against yours. Mika trailing behind, head turning to scan the crowd of Council delegates that's just starting to rise to their feet and follow you. Shinobu and Moe, one standing head and shoulders over the other but moving with an easy, comfortable pace, familiar with each other. Kazumi, Umika, and Niko take up the rear of your group, the former two flanking their brooding girlfriend.

So. The *real* work, Mika said. You've laid in some good foundations for your offer, you think, and the Council delegates seem approving, for the most part. A few groups still seem to dissent, Imai in particular - the Meiji group, you suppose. You could also try talking to those you already know, of course.

---

- [ ] Wait for the Council members to approach you
- [ ] Approach some specific members
- [ ] Osaki group (Kurenai and Terumi, who you met on Chouko's introduction)
- [ ] Okubo group (Ueda Noa, who you'd met in Sendai)
- [ ] Hikawa group (Sugahara Kaede, inclined to accept but nevertheless skeptical)
- [ ] Meiji group (Imai Taeko, who seems unnecessarily hostile)
- [ ] Any others? (Sumida group, Kyuedo group, Tower group...)
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Shorter, slightly transitory update today!
