# Power Up Pt. 23

Oh, you're tempted to go after Imai right off the bat. Really, you are. There are plenty of valid reasons to do so, namely, wanting to get the toughest one out of the way - if you can reach an accord with her, *surely* the others will be easier, right? And she's the one who's the most aggressive, the one who's seemingly at the center of a lot of the discontent. Take that belligerence out of the picture, and much of that momentum *is* gone.

... and more selfishly, she could have...

You don't think Mami's in a position where she'd go murder-suicide with that particular revelation. But you *refuse* to even risk it. It's just... unacceptable. Even if she didn't, she'd be so deeply hurt you're not sure she'll ever recover, not really. Maybe one day, but *not today*. For that alone, you have to be grateful on some level to Akane, even if she saved Mami by sheer happenstance, and conversely, you resent Imai, if only a little bit.

Ah, well.

What's done was undone, so you'll... set that aside.

You hear the low murmur of conversation behind you, the rest of the Council presumably following as the short corridor opens into another grand room. More of that same lavish cypress construction you've been seeing in Akane's palace-construct, built to traditional Japanese sensibilities. Wood and elegantly painted paper walls, perfectly fitted together with nary a seam to be seen. Gentle light suffuses the room with no visible source, providing comfortable illumination and only adding to the otherworldly, ethereal feel of the place.

And if the grand meeting room had been a lecture hall, in that odd, extra-dimensional way that Akane's palace seems to mirror the actual university you'd arrived at, then *this* must have been a sports hall or something of the sort, with its high ceilings and wide-open spaces. It lends itself well to the role of a social space, regardless, shaped along Akane's aesthetic sensibilities -or so you presume!- but retaining the wide open space for conversing. Mats and cushions for sitting down, a row of trestle tables lining the side of the room - for refreshments, you expect, but empty for the moment.

"*Divide and conquer?*" Moe whispers into your mind, the mental call expanding to include everyone.

"*By our home groups,*" you agree. "*And ish. I... if *possible*, and if you guys are comfortable with it, I'd like to sound out the dissenting groups? Setagawa, Meiji, Kyuedo, and Tower groups in particular.*"

"*Sure, we can do that!*" Kazumi says cheerfully.

"*As can we,*" Shinobu says.

"*I'm gonna see what Miss Takada wants first,*" Mika says cheerfully. "*And after that sure, see who's up.*"

"*Well, don't scare her away,*" you say, faintly amused. The smile on Mika's face is one part eager glee and one part shark's grin.

"*Didja mean the Setagaya group, by the way?*" Sayaka asks.

"*Yeah? Did I- oh, I said Setagawa, didn't I,*" you say, blinking. "*Right, yeah, I mean Setagaya, sorry.*"

"*Right... and their deal iiiiiis, uh,*" Sayaka muses. "*Shared border with Meiji, who border with Chiyoda, and *Meiji*'ve been trying to provoke a casus belli to pursue a vendetta against Setagaya, but... it seems like they have a major problem with Chiyoda on their own merit. It might just be from Chiyoda being obstructive, right? And that's probably why Miss Imai was making trouble today. Implying implications and all that. Right, yeah. Gotcha.*"

"*That's an accurate summary of what we know, Sayaka, but we don't have enough information. That said, I suspect that Miss Imai will naturally wish to speak to Sabrina?*" Mami adds. "*If she approaches any of you, however, it might be best to divert her our way instead. We of Mitakihara will be taking point on *that* issue, hopefully.*"

"*Agreed,*" you say, giving Mami a quick nod and a tiny grin, one she returns. And here you'd been thinking about warning your friends about infohazards, too, and Mami comes along with a nice, elegant solution. "*Point Setagaya our way too, if it comes up. We've just gotta stay mindful and stay in touch, that's all.*"

"*Alrighty\~ we'll get out there and be friendly!*" Kazumi says, grinning happily. Her tone shifts to something more serious as the rest of your friends drop from the telepathic connection, Kazumi lingering to the last. "*And we'll keep an eye on Niko. She's a bit, um...*"

"*She... seems like she has stuff on her mind?*" you agree tentatively. Look, you're trying to be diplomatic and *not* insult Kazumi's girlfriend. It's warmup for talking to *more* people. "*And it's, er, colouring her thoughts a bit today?*"

"*Yeah...*" Kazumi says. "*She gets like this sometime. But don't worry! We'll sort it out!*"

"*Right. Well... let me know if I can help,*" you say. And that's where you leave that conversation, as more of the Council starts filtering into the room behind you, accompanied by a burble of conversation.

You can hear excitement in their voices - and see it, too, in the flood of colours spilling into the room. Costumes of all shades of the rainbow and perhaps a few more, heads bent in conversation and hushed whispers. Excitement, and nervousness, and, yes, suspicion, and anger. You catch more than a few looks your way, most skittering off in moments even if you smile back. A few meet your eyes, challenge and interest and suspicion alike. You don't see Imai among them, oddly enough.

Mami takes your arm, curling her hand into the crook of your elbow, squeezing gently. Sayaka stands at your left, shoulders braced and back straight and confident grin in place - confident in her own skin, confident in standing beside you, confident in what you're doing together. A far cry from another time and another place, you can't help but think.

Mika's already making a beeline for that girl - Takada Saeko. The ponytailed girl looks nervous but determined, and you wish her luck in whatever business she wants to accomplish. Kazumi, meanwhile, has taken Niko and Umika and drifted off to the side, looking around ~~for victims~~ with an amiable, cheerful air. Moe and Shinobu make an odd duo with the sheer difference in stature between them, but they move with purpose anyway.

You scan the Council delegates curiously, looking for anyone who might be interested in talking, and for Imai - you don't see her, but she's probably just hanging back. You'll find her eventually. Most of the crowd's already drifted off to the tables, accumulating in small groups and quiet discussions while presumably awaiting the snacks, but not all of them. Kurenai catches your eye in passing, the older girl nodding at you while Terumi signs a cheerful 'Hello!' at you - but they don't approach.

"Hi!"

Speaking of approaching: someone *does*. You don't recognise her, but she steps boldly up to you nevertheless, bright-eyed and beaming. She's only a little shorter than you, tilting her head back to meet your eyes with a happy smile. Blonde-streaked crimson hair twisted into in an elegant curl of braids crowns her head, complimenting the blue of her eyes and the cheerful lilt to her voice. Her costume's one of crisp lines and bold reds and yellows on white, cut to flatter a statuesque figure, vaguely reminiscent of something a more western superhero might wear.

"It's lovely to meet you, Miss Vee," she says, clasping her hands in front of her. "I'm Matsuda Yae! I hope you've found Tokyo to your liking so far?"

"It's nice to meet you, Miss Matsuda," you say, smiling in turn. "I admit, I haven't seen much of Tokyo so far, actually, other than Chiyoda and a little bit of Osaki, and the rest just as we flew in. Ah, but I'm being rude - this is Tomoe Mami, and Miki Sayaka."

"Oh, that's a shame, you've hardly seen the best Tokyo has to offer!" she says, puffing up a little and reaching out to pat your free hand. "I'd love to give you a tour after the meeting - Z is always beautiful, after all. Ah, but I've never seen Tokyo from the air like you must have, that must be just as amazing, too!"

"Sabrina's power certainly has its perks," Mami says, cutting in smoothly before you can respond. "Which, as discussed, we will be offering to all of Tokyo in the form of a Clear Seed."

"Right!" you say, smiling gratefully at Mami for the smooth segue. "Do you have any particular objections to the offer, if I may ask? Or... concerns about hostility in Tokyo or such?"

"Oh, no," Yae says, shaking her head. Her eyes remain fixed on you, bright and cheerful as she sways a little from side to side. "We'd love to have your... services available to us! In fact, if you haven't settled on a location for your embassy yet, we would happily volunteer our territory for it?"

"I'm afraid we can't make any promises, Miss Matsuda," Mami says, squeezing your arm gently.

"Yeah, I suspect that Miss Toshim... actually, it might even be something put to the Council as a whole to decide," you say, considering. "But where *is* your territory, if I may ask?"

"Ah, we control the area around Chiba Shrine," Yae says, her eyes flicking to Mami for a second. "It's actually out of Tokyo 'proper', but we're still part of the Council! And given that we *are* out of the way, it means that we're less likely to see conflict, and we'd be more than happy to allow you to... inspect the grounds as frequently as you like to ensure there's no foul play!"

"That's... generous," you say, taken aback. "But as Mami said, I'm afraid we can't make any promises. But we'll certainly keep your offer in mind!"

Chiba... would be on the far side of Tokyo bay, if you recall correctly. As she said, out of the bounds of Tokyo City proper, but still part of the same massive urban sprawl. And you suppose you can't blame her for wanting to have a Clear Seed within her territory, you suppose, especially since this comes with the notion of being self-defended.

"Ah, I understand," Yae says, smile dimming for a second then brightening. "Even so, we'd love to have you visit!" Her voice drops a little lower, and she leans forward conspiratorially. "Besides, Toshimichi doesn't govern *everything* that happens in Tokyo, you know? There's plenty of things that she doesn't care about, and we'd be *delighted* to host you *and* your friends."

"Uh?" you say, blinking slowly. Then you blink once more as Mami's hand tightens on your elbow again. "Um." You tilt your head slightly. "Oh. *Oh*. Er."

"Thank you for the offer," Mami says smoothly. "As Sabrina said, we'll certainly keep your... propositions in mind, and will give them due consideration. Until we speak again, Miss Matsuda."

Gently, she steers you away from Yae. Sayaka follows, hand clamped over her mouth and her shoulders shaking as she steadily turns nearly as red as you *definitely* aren't! She must have spontaneously fallen sick or something, but for some reason, you have no sympathy for her. *None whatsoever*! She's definitely not a filthy traitor for laughing at you in your time of need, because there's nothing for her to laugh at! You *aren't* suffering from any embarrassment from an attempted seduction or anything like that at all.

"Oh, Sabrina," Mami says, warm and fond and amused as you vacate the area with *no particular urgency*. She smiles at you, golden eyes sparkling in the ever-present light of the discussion hall, and maybe her fingers are digging in just a bit tighter than usual into your elbow. You return the smile, *definitely* not tinged with a bit of embarrassment and relief. There's nothing to be embarrassed about.

"*The *nerve* of that girl!*" Madoka mutters in your telepathic ear, sounding almost *angry*. Fuming, even. "*Ignoring her was definitely the best option, Sabrina!*"

... it's kind of unusual to see Madoka get *that* angry about something, you have to admit. Madoka, *angry*? *Madoka*, angry? It just doesn't happen, not for the *little* things. But then again, people are important. You know *that* for sure. And Madoka *would* be angry about blatant manipulation against her friends, wouldn't she?

"*I think you may have broken Sayaka,*" Homura observes drily.

"*... thank you for the update,*" you say, your thoughts wrenched from *that* particular line of consideration. "*Homura, give her a smack for me, please and thank you.*"

"L-let's, uh-" You clear your throat. "Have you seen Miss Imai around, Mami? Sayaka?"

"Ah... not since the meeting," Mami says.

Sayaka nods frantically, gesturing vaguely in the direction of the crowd while trying to choke back giggles. Then she scowls, and whacks you lightly on the back of your head.

"So you *did* see her, Sayaka?" you say mildly.

"Y-yeah, skulked in w-*way* after everyone else," Sayaka says, still swallowing laughter. "E-either she stayed back to sulk or... iunno, have a bit more privacy to talk to someone outside, maybe?"

"Right," you say, nodding. "*Really* need to talk to her privately before the hour's up."

"Sure you don't want a proper warmup first?" Sayaka says, arching an eyebrow. "To... y'know, prepare your heart?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," you say loftily.

Mami giggles, laying her head gently against your shoulder.

"I believe there were a few other magical girls we were considering looking up in Tokyo?" Mami offers. "Taniguchi Emi was one of the girls Homura suggested we could try recruiting for Walpurgisnacht? And..." Mami's smile widens into something more amused. "I do seem to recall mention of a Taniguchi *Aimi*, who is confusingly unrelated, but is someone who incorporates pants as part of their costume?"

"... I feel like I haven't seen either here today," you say. "I mean, both are... you know, standout costumes. But we'll keep an eye out. Maybe ask if some of the groups are friendly?"

"Indeed we can," Mami says, smiling.

"*Found the Tower group rep\~!*" Kazumi's voice sounds in your head. "*Will update with findings!*"

You glance across the room, spotting Kazumi talking to a girl in what you'd liken to an idol outfit interpretation of a witch's outfit - she has a tiny tophat cocked at a rakish angle as opposed to Kazumi's overpoweringly large witch hat. Come to think of it, the vague costume similarities are probably what drew them together in the first place.

"*Ah, good work, Kazumi!*" you say. "*Thanks.*"

---

- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Ongoing vote

- [x] Make an effort to seem approachable.
- [x] If anyone wants to speak with you, let them. If multiple people want to, Constellation can split up as necessary/appropriate (keep infohazards in mind) and talk to all of them. Keep each other (plus Madoka/Hitomi/Homura/Oriko) in the loop.
- [x] If people are intimidated and staying back, "break the ice" by sending some people to chat with a known "friendly" group.
- [x] By the end of the hour, try to make sure someone's spoken with: Setagawa, Meiji, Kyuedo, and Tower - see what the grieviances and fault lines are. Make sure that people talking to Setagawa and Meiji are cleared for infohazards and go yourself, starting with Meiji.
- [x] Don't let Meiji make a scene for everyone else watching. Subtle audio dampening if needed.
- [x] Try to find out what her issues with Chiyoda are - if she has some information she thinks will make us stop working with Chiyoda, you're happy to hear it before you get dug in, after all.

---​

Ugh, I hate to do this again, but this is another halfway-post: you may vote if you want to refine the approach to Meiji (Imai'll be coming up next post) but otherwise I'll continue writing the next update from the existing vote.

I apologise for the weird updates - I've been having some issues lately that's been making it hard for me to focus and write properly.
