# Power Up Pt. 24

You exhale shakily, patting at your cheeks with your free hand. You're not blushing any more, right? Not that you were in the first place, since there wasn't anything to blush about. Mami giggles quietly at you, tilting her head back to grace you with a warm smile.

"What do you think, Sabrina?" she asks.

"Let's see who comes up to us," you respond finally. "I want to go look for Imai around... say, the half hour mark, if she hasn't hunted me down already? Though I might have to talk to her alone..."

"That sounds like a plan," Mami says, smile softening. She nudges lightly at your elbow, and you oblige by letting her guide you through the myriad clumps of Council members in their twos and threes and fours - seemingly without aim, but purposeful nevertheless. "And I understand."

"Secrets suck," Sayaka grumbles, ambling along at your other side. "I mean, I get it, but..."

"Secrets *suuuuck*," you agree, giving Sayaka a Look. "Of course, I've tried to be honest that I *am* keeping secrets, and trying to... edge around them if I can, but..."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says, holding her hands up. "I'm not pushing! 's about trust and not *betraying* other peoples' trust, or dangerous knowledge and stuff. I get it! I know you're keeping the secrets for a reason, and I know you've been sharing what you can. I'm just saying, it sucks that secrets have to be kept at all, you know?"

"... fair enough," you say, shrugging.

"I trust you, Sabrina," Mami says firmly, squeezing your elbow gently and smiling up at you. "However!"

You follow the flick of her golden eyes forward, and smile slightly as you spot a familiar form approaching you. Faded green hair twisted into dangling twintails, bringing to mind the boughs of an old willow tree - an impression not particularly helped along by the tiredness etched into her face, that you hadn't seen from a distance. Not exhaustion, not yet, but it's getting there.

"Miss Ueda," you greet, offering your hand to her as she approaches. "I'm glad to see you again."

"Miss Vee," she replies with an answering smile. "It's a pleasure to meet properly, under better circumstances."

"Definitely!" you say, smiling. After all, the last time you'd really met her was in Sendai, as she arrived ostensibly in support of the conflict... only to run headlong into *you*. You peer at her, not particularly bothering to hide your concern. "Er. Are you alright?"

"I am, just... tired," Noa says, wincing. "Is it that obvious?"

"Erm," you say.

Truly, you are a *master* of diplomacy. Mami squeezes your elbow lightly, the amusement all but radiating off her.

"I suppose I look awful, then," she says with a rueful laugh. "I am doing alright, thank you for your concern. I'm just stretched a little thin - I'm... something of the designated messenger and scout of my team. It is, after all, why I was in Sendai."

"Oh, I see," you say. A teleporter, maybe? You never did learn what her powers were, but that's irrelevant right now. You shake your head, smiling. "Ah, but where are my manners? You've already met Mami, of course, and this is Miki Sayaka."

"Pleased to meet you, Miss Miki," Noa says with a polite smile, nodding at Sayaka, then Mami, in turn. "Miss Tomoe. My congratulations on your relationship upgrade, by the by."

"Thank you, Miss Ueda," Mami says, smiling serenely. She doesn't even blush, not one bit, which is more than you can say for yourself.

Sayaka rolls her eyes, smirking.

"Er, yes, thank you," you say. You clear your throat. "Erm. If you don't mind my asking, what do you think of our proposal?"

"Well, I, personally, would be very glad for the Clear Seed," Noa says with a slight smile. "My group is mostly of a similar mind, but I would say that we're... less afraid of outside influences than most."

"... less afraid of outside influences?" you echo curiously.

"Well... yeah?" Noa says, wrinkling her nose. "I mean, outside of the crazies and spiteful ones, the biggest reason to not want a Clear Seed in Tokyo is not wanting foreign influence here. Not that, er, you're a *foreigner* foreigner?"

"Ah," you say, nodding. Not a concept you're unfamiliar with, at least in theory. They don't *know* you, and don't trust you having any influence in Tokyo at all. "That's..."

"Unfortunate? Short-sighted?" Noa says. She shrugs. "I do happen to agree. The pressure of hunting Witches, skirmishing over borders..." She shrugs, a drily sarcastic lilt entering her voice. "I *would* like to have free stuff."

"*Follow up on that!*" Hitomi whispers at the back of your mind, her voice urgent. "*Get her opinion on the on-the-ground status. She's practically offering.*"

"*Got it,*" you tell Hitomi, but before you can speak, Sayaka beats you to the punch.

"Sounds like you have an opinion," she observes.

"Don't we all?" Noa says drily. "But yes - having seen what Miss Vee can do, and having an impression of you as a person, Miss Vee-" she nods at you, "-I do believe that your intentions are exactly as you say, and I will be voting to accept your offer."

"Thank you for the vote of confidence," you say, smiling. "Do you have any suggestions for how I can address these issues? I understand that the Council's been at a deadlock over this whole thing for a while, and with Miss Toshimichi bringing it to a vote within the hour..."

"I'll introduce you to a few people," Noa says. She half-turns away from you. "Speaking of free stuff, we should head to the buffet. The Chiyoda group usually has *excellent* offerings when they bother to - we'll find Sugahara there. *And* I'd rather not be at the back of the queue, either."

"I'll happily defer to the wisdom of experience," you say, smiling slightly. Mami shoots you an approving look, squeezing your arm gently as Noa leads the three of you towards the still-empty table, her steps moving with sharp purpose past the other magical girls milling about.

You spot Mika across the crowd, with her arm slung companionably around Takada's shoulder as she chats a mile a minute, gesturing enthusiastically at the air. Takada, despite the meekly deferential impression she'd given earlier, looks like she's following along eagerly, offering her own comments here and there. You wish her luck.

Noa makes her way over to the table with purposeful steps, threading through the crowd. More than a few groups look askance at her, or perhaps at the fact that she has *you* in tow. Nobody gets in your way, but that's perhaps just as telling - magical girls part ahead of your little group. Making way for you and *avoiding* you in equal quantities, that self-same mixture of uncertainty and hostilty and *hope* in equal measure.

You let it wash over you, keeping the smile on your face and your stride steady. Mami bears it with easy grace and an undaunted smile, her hand tucked into your elbow and keeping pace easily with you. Sayaka simply squares her shoulders and her jaw, responding to the looks with... not so much confidence as pure, bull-headed stubbornness.

Sugahara would be Sugahara *Kaede*, you assume, the silver-haired girl who'd spoken out earlier - questioning your motives. You hope you can get through to her. And speaking of whom, you spot her through the crowd. Not standing alone, as she was earlier in the auditorium, rather, she's speaking to a taller girl, who notices you, squeaks, and hurriedly steps aside. Kaede turns to regard your little group with interest as you approach.

"Miss Sugahara," Noa says as you reach a polite speaking distance. "I hope we didn't interrupt anything?"

Now that you're not looking at her across the auditorium, you have a better view of Kaede: a solidly built young woman with what you suppose is a swimmer's build, all lean muscle and broad shoulders, bared by her costume and accentuated with frames of dark, gleaming metal. The long silver hair in a crown of braids is a little incongruous, though it does contrast nicely with the sleek blacks and deep greens of her costume.

"No, not at all, Miss Ueda. Miss Vee, Miss Tomoe, Miss Miki," Kaede says, nodding at Noa by way of greeting. Her eyes flick over each of you in turn, meeting your gazes fearlessly, before returning to Noa. "A pleasure, I'm sure. How may I help you?"

"I thought that arranging a discussion about some of the finer details about the Constellation's proposal might be prudent," Noa says, stepping to one side. "Especially since your concerns were so pointed."

"I am... very aware that trust is something that is difficult to earn, but I hope that we might allay at least some of your concerns," you say, smiling slightly. "If only to prove that we have no ill intentions."

Kaede stares at you, and sighs, something seeming to leach out of her posture.

"I believe you, as I said," she says quietly, the strict pomp and propriety of her voice suddenly fled, leaving only bone-deep weariness. Not physical exhaustion, but from the looks of it, it would be kinder if it were. "Even after that whole... reveal about Walpurgisnacht. Maybe *especially* because of that."

She closes dark violet eyes for a moment. You're suddenly very conscious of the... not quite silence, but the *expectant* hush of a dozen different people not-very-discreetly trying to listen in on you.

"I'll be blunt," Kaede says. "I have a little sister. She heard your proposal, when Miss Noa first brought it to the Council, and she is *over the moon* about it. She thinks you're a hero for even offering. So tell me, Miss Vee - how do you think she would react to hearing that you're going to be taking on the Queen of all Witches? Or, if not Walpurgisnacht, perhaps the next big fight, whatever that may be?"

"I-" You stutter, the words dying on your lips. Kaede's earlier words come to mind. *Gratitude may not be a chain we want to tie ourselves down with,* indeed. Because if someone's earnestly grateful, earnestly thankful, they'd want to repay the favour, right? And Kaede fears what her sister might do in that repayment, the harm that might come to her.

And that right there is a microcosm of why they might turn down your offer, even beyond the stupid *politics* going on here. Family, friends. Even *gratitude* can be dangerous, and-

Homura.

You *get* it, you get Kaede's fear for her sister, because it's not that different from Homura wanting to protect Madoka, is it? You can't argue with kind of fear, of *love*. The impulse to protect the ones you care for, to *fight* for them.

"And yet, at the same time." Kaede continues on, undaunted and remorseless. "I *want* my sister to not have to fight just to survive. She shouldn't have to face *monsters* so she can live."

You try to respond, but you can't find the words, because she's more right than she knows. Because someone coming to you, knowing the risks and *earnestly* offering their help is something that you'd normally accept in a heartbeat, isn't it? You'd make every effort to dissuade them if you thought they were in over their heads, but...

*Homura*.

You *do* want help. Against Walpurgisnacht, to help protect the city, the people you love. You want reinforcements, for Homura's sake. You *suspect* you can already beat Walpurgisnacht, but you want to stack the deck. To make sure everyone comes out of it just fine. But *this*, the flip side of the coin, the raw weariness on the face of a girl you'd never met before because her sister was *inspired* by you to *help*...

You've done nothing wrong, but you feel sick to your stomach anyway.

Mami nudges her shoulder against yours, jolting you from your thoughts. "*Breathe, Sabrina,*" she murmurs to you.

"Thank you for being forthcoming, Miss Sugahara," Mami says smoothly. "We hadn't considered it from this angle before, but I don't think it's an insurmountable issue. Screening those who wish to help might be a good start? I doubt the number of people volunteering will be *that* large. Still, we *will* give it more thought. We do *not* want to bring harm, even inadvertently."

"Yeah, I-" You jump on Mami's offered lifeline gratefully. "It's not like we're... recruiting for an army or anything - if someone wants to help, we were always going to *talk* to them, first. Hopefully, we'd have noticed issues like this, but in the future, we *will* explicitly keep an eye out for this sort of thing."

You take a deep, steadying breath, discreetly cleansing your own Soul Gem.

"As Mami said, your concerns are very real," you say, forcing yourself to look Kaede in the eye. "And we- *I'm* grateful you told us, and I promise we'll figure something out. Thank you."

"And it kinda goes without saying, but we want *everyone* to make it through Walpurgisnacht fine, too. Not just ourselves," Sayaka adds drily. "We've been in a couple big fights, and we've always worked on prioritizing safety."

Kaede regards you for a long moment.

"I suppose that's more than I can hope for," she says, finally. "Thank *you* for listening. Thank you for the introduction, Miss Ueda."

Noa bows her head slightly with a smile.

"No, thank *you*," you say, essaying a tiny, hopeful smile. Mami squeezes your elbow again, and you shoot her a grateful look, because she kind of saved your ass there.

Mami smiles back, and shifts to take your hand between both of yours, squeezing gently. Your hand's shaking a little, you notice with a start - Kaede's question rather neatly put you on the spot, didn't it? You... kind of hope no-one noticed. You force yourself to relax, to let Mami's thumb rubbing over the back of your hand soothe you.

"*It's OK, Sabrina,*" Mami murmurs to you telepathically. "*You can't have *every* answer at hand.*"

"*I know,*" you say.

"Heads up," Kaede says mildly, her eyes darting pointedly over your shoulder.

You don't turn, not yet, but you can feel someone approaching. Something about the texture of the conversations in the crowd, the way the air shifts. A stormfront pushing its way through fairer skies. Mami's hand tightens on your elbow for a moment, before forcing herself to relax.

"Vee," a new voice snaps.

You swivel to the newcomer, raising an eyebrow as your gaze meets that of Imai Taeko, her glare dark and unflinching beneath her cap. Bitter anger simmers in that gaze, even shadowed as it is beneath the frills of her cap. Her costume is one of crisp blues and purples, ruffled fabric and floor-length skirt beneath a short capelet of white building to an elegance that's quite at odds with the resentment etched into her expression and posture.

... she doesn't look any older than you do. Sixteen, perhaps, seventeen at most.

"Miss Imai," you say, facing her down with a smile. Adrenaline thrums in your veins, not quite faded from the encounter with Kaede, now resurgent with the anticipation of another encounter. But this is something you think you can handle.

"Let's talk," she says, her tone forced towards something like civility. "Outside." Her gaze sweeps across the people, and perhaps the tastefully understated, very traditional Japanese styling of the room. "I'm *not* talking in here."

"We'll continue circulating, Sabrina," Mami says, giving you a soft smile. Sayaka just grins confidently, holding up a fist.

You return the smile, squeezing Mami's hand tight in yours before letting go, and turn back to Imai.

"Lead on, then," you say simply. "As I said, I'm happy to hear any grievances or issues you might have."

"... outside, then," Imai reiterates, something like surprise flickering across her face. She turns and walks away, making no attempt to try and outpace you or anything - not that it would help, anyway, since you're half a head taller than her.

The crowd parts ahead of her, and you follow. You can't help but feel a *little* amused despite the situation. It feels familiar, in some ways. You've had more than one angry talk with a recalcitrant magical girl before, after all, though it would be a *mistake* to assume anything about this particular situation.

Still, you follow along as Imai leads you to one of the paper-screen doors around the edge of the room. She yanks it open with more force than necessary, the door bouncing off the frame with a sharp clack, and looks around the corridor before stalking off to the stairs.

Not the same one you'd come down by, and yet, you ascend once more to the same university rooftop you'd entered by, baroquely wrought fences stretching towards the sky around you in grace, swooping arches and ornately decorated pillars, curves and counter-curves and undulations and exuberant excess. The afternoon sun blazes in the sky, brilliantly intense after the soft, omni-present light of Akane's palace, casts sharp shadows across the tiled floor.

Imai turns to you, the shadows falling across her. You raise your hand before she speaks, interrupting her.

"I can ensure a greater level of privacy for us to speak, if you wish," you say. "I can't prevent magical eavesdropping without, uh, substantially noticeable action, but I *can* prevent mundane eavesdropping."

At the same time, you throw out a hasty mental thought. "*Hey, Madoka, Hitomi? I'm gonna go ahead and end the call for the moment, alright?*"

"*Yeah, we understand!*" Madoka says. "*Sorry we weren't more of a help with Miss Sugahara, she caught us a bit off guard, too. You and Mami and Sayaka handled it OK, though!*"

"*Don't be silly, Hitomi, sic her. But yes, see you for the moment,*" you say hurriedly, and end both calls - your phone, *and* the mental call.

"If you think it's necessary," Imai says, scowling. "*I* have nothing to hide."

"Well, that's your call," you say with a shake of your head. Still, you spread your nanofog out throughout the roof and down the stairwell, checking for any listeners.

"*You're clear of listeners other than myself and Toshimichi,*" Oriko mutters to you. "*Unless someone has some truly impressive stealth capabilities.*"

You thank Oriko, and focus on Imai, who seems to be hesitating now that she has a moment to speak to you alone. After a moment, she squares her shoulders, and looks up at you.

"Toshimichi is a *fake*," she says. "A fake, a liar, and a murderer."

**\[] Just let her talk, *then* ask questions
\[] Guide the conversation
\- \[] Focus on her problems with Toshimichi
\- \[] Focus on her problems with the Tower Group
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

First of all, I'd like to apologise, again, for my incredibly low update rate lately. Meatspace stuff has been just tiring me out, and I'm working on it.

Second of all: Imai's issues with Toshimichi and the Tower Group are *related*, but not perfectly overlapping. Both'll come up in the conversation, but you'd be voting on which one to focus on.
