# Power Up Pt. 25

You heroically resist the urge to voice certain choice quotes at *that* particular bit of probably-unintentional reference, instead locking your expression to calm acceptance. And rather than ask any questions, you simply motion for Imai to continue.

"Go on," you say.

Imai makes a frustrated noise, slicing an impatient hand through the air.

"Her, her- she's *lying*," Imai snaps. "All her everything. It's not real. She's definitely *not* a princess or anything, and she doesn't have any actual *authority* to boss us around. She sure *looks* the part, but she- I don't think she's actually a *person*."

You press your lips together, not flinching from the glare Imai levels at you. With the sun to her left and the shadows pulled harsh and taut across her face, Imai stares you down. There's something simmering and furious in that look, a rage that's been left to fester. Her fists clench at her sides.

"You don't believe me," she says flatly.

"It's not that," you say evenly. "But *not being a person* is a hell of a thing to accuse someone of."

Oh, you're resolved to hear her out, hear her side of the feud. Especially considering the... everything, really. And maybe Imai knows something you don't, and maybe she's right. Maybe Akane's some kind of puppet or something. But then, you've seen no evidence of *that*, and she can use magic. That's enough for you, and you will have *nothing* to do with dehumanizing a person - conventional origins or not.

'sides, you've got to stick up for your fellow maybe-Wishborn. Probably.

"She's some kind of weird... *thing*, ok?" Imai snaps. "I don't know what, Kyuubey wouldn't tell me anything specific."

"Hold up, *Kyuubey* told you?" you say, eyes narrowing.

"He doesn't li-" Imai squeezes her eyes shut for a second, visibly reining her temper in. "I've *seen* it with my own two eyes. Her body is just... *wrong*. I- listen, you know about the hunting partner swaps, right? One person from one group gets seconded to the Chiyoda group for Witch hunts?"

"I do, yes," you say.

"She *tries* to act perfect, but she's not," Imai says. "If she gets *hurt*, it's like she- she *decides* that she should react, and then she does. She didn't even *bleed* at first, until she *thought* she should."

You frown at her for a moment, then sigh, and rub your forehead, holding a hand up to forestall any further comment.

"I... look, it's not that I don't believe you, but I... you understand that I..." you start, then shake your head. "Look, you know that *normally*, blood doesn't just... immediately squirt everywhere, right? I mean, depending on the location and all."

"*I'm a magical girl,*" Imai says. "I know what bleeding is supposed to look like. I- forget it, this was a waste of time."

"*Stop.*" It's your turn to snap as she turns to storm off. You restrain yourself from grabbing her -she definitely wouldn't take it well- but it's a near thing. "You're not *giving* me much to believe in, Miss Imai. What makes you so damn sure of yourself? *Why* all this?"

You're not against listening to Imai. Not at all. You're not exactly *for* the idea of an Empress, but Akane seems to be doing well enough - or at least, you don't have any real evidence otherwise. And Imai, for all her pent-up anger and smoldering resentment, isn't giving you *anything* to work with. It's almost baffling, and at this point, all you are is skeptical and a little baffled.

"Give me something to *work* with," you add quietly. You've heard her out, and all she gave you was... irrelevant. Circumstantial at best. If she's holding another piece of this puzzle, then you want to hear it.

Imai seems to deflate, all that rage draining away. The brim of her hat dips low over her face as she sags in place, shadows casting her expression in darkness.

"I can't," she says.

"Why not?" you ask. It can't hurt to push a little. "You've been fighting against Chiyoda *and* the tower group all this time, right? There must be a reason - I promise I'll hear you out, at the least."

"She's dead," Imai says, her voice hollow and empty in a way that makes the bottom drop out of your stomach. "She's *dead*, Miss Vee. That's why."

"... I'm sorry," you say. "I didn't mean to-"

"We're magical girls," she says bitterly, straightening her hat with rough, jerky motions, pulling herself up to glare you in the eye once more. "We walk with death. We *live* off death."

That... would be confirmation that she knows about Witches, then. Not that you'd expected anything less, but it's good to *have* that confirmation.

"Yeah, well, I'm *working* on it," you say with an unhappy sigh. You scowl, fighting the urge to tuck your hands into the pockets of your coat. "That's why I'm *here* today."

Imai snorts without any real heat, looking away.

She's not angry at you, you suppose. There's no reason she *would* be, other than... well, earlier, you'd been standing with Akane at your back. Even if you're inclined towards being uncharitable towards Imai, all you can say at this point is that you'd gotten some of the ire as emotional collateral damage of sorts. And even if your *own* annoyance with her, from her trying to drop the Witchbomb in the middle of a crowded auditorium, well, it's not like she remembers *that* any more, does she?

... it's never wrong to show compassion, even if it's just offering to hear her out.

"Why don't you start from the beginning?" you ask. "Like I said, Miss Imai, I'm willing to at least *listen*."

Imai's gaze skitters away from yours, and she half-turns away, one hand reaching out to trace listlessly along one the university roof's soaring pinnacles. The polished marble practically glows a pure white beneath the afternoon sun, and you imagine it must be equally as sun-warm to the touch. Her boots scuff along the floor as she turns fully away from you, shoulders hunched.

"I didn't even know her that well," Imai says at last. "But she was the best of us. She was a telepath. Mind-reading, among other tricks. *That's* how she knew, that's how *I* know. She told me, told us. And then-"

Her hand curls into a fist, and she slams it into the spire, sending fissures splintering through the marble and chips of rock spalling along the ground. The sharp *crack* doesn't quite make you jump, but it's a near thing.

"And then she *died*, and nobody *cares*," Imai snarls. "Nobody but *us*. Nobody cares that she was *murdered*."

"What was her name?" you ask gently.

"Sora," Imai whispers, so soft that you nearly miss it. "Sasaki Sora."

You can't place the name, which you admittedly hadn't really *expected* to. Then again, there had always been a *chance*, given the oddness of your memories. Not this time, though, which is simultaneously a curse and a blessing, you suppose. No biases to colour the details, no context for the wider story.

... at least it wasn't Kato Setsuko.

"I... I'm sorry for your loss," you say after a moment. "I... if I may. Go on?"

"It was a border skirmish over a Witch hunt gone wrong, of *course*," Imai growls, staring down at her fist, half-embedded in solid stone. "That's... that *is* what happened."

She whips around to face you, wrenching her hand free.

"But what do you *call* it when someone discovers a big secret and then *oh so conveniently* winds up *dead*?" she snarls. "An *accident*? I don't think so."

"A border skirmish?" you say cautiously, your gaze flickering past Imai's shoulder. Past where she'd been looking, in fact - out east. *North* east, with the sun at her back... towards Tokyo Tower. "Ah. The Tower group?"

Imai's lips curl.

"Don't think I didn't see your friends cozying up to *Otsuka*, either," she says, spitting the name with venom. "Hoping to play both sides against each other?"

"I'm here to *help*, Miss Imai," you say, choosing not to rise to the bait. This time, you *do* tuck your hands into your pockets, deliberately casual, and you file away the name for later reference: Otsuka, the girl with the tophat, who Kazumi had found. "So no. We want to know what the conflict even *is*."

She snorts, and looks away from you.

"Well, now you know," she mutters.

"... not quite," you say. "I've... still got some questions, if you don't mind?"

"Sure, whatever," Imai says, waving a hand with a lackadaisical air you're *certain* she doesn't actually feel.

"Well... the first, and most important, is... what *did* Miss Sasaki find?" you say slowly.

"Toshimichi isn't human," Imai mutters. "Like I said. She doesn't *think* like a human. I can't explain it in words. Sora *shared* it with me -us- and that's how I know. It... it *was* real obvious with her powers. We don't know *what* she is, but if she's not human, she can't possibly be descended from the Imperial line or anything. She has no *authority* to be in charge or to, to *stop* us."

"Right..." you say, scrubbing your hand through your hair as you think. That gels with what you'd learned while talking to Akane and her friends, you suppose, but you feel like you're missing one last puzzle piece, maybe two.

Still, you've got an opportunity to ask a few questions, you suppose.

**\[] Ask for more details about...
\- \[] Sora's death
\- \[] Toshimichi (write-in)
\- \[] Imai's group
\[] Float your own proposals
\- \[] Relocating to Mitakihara?
\- \[] Something else?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

One or two updates to talk to Imai, depending on how the narrative shakes out!
