# Power Up Pt. 26

You purse your lips, face still covered by your hand as your mind falls into chaos, as it so often does. Trains of thought run into each other, some derailing, some irrelevant and to be discarded as you run through different approaches. The way you see it, there are two... maybe three major things that you should perhaps address here?

The first and most important, maybe, is *Kyuubey*. It's not like you haven't run through scenarios with trying to get information out of Kyubey yourself either, and inevitably concluded that it's just far too good at seemingly-innocuously poisoning *any* knowledge you might wring from it. It's just not worth it to engage, especially when it'll probably get more out of you than you do out of it. The Incubators have had *thousands* of years of practice with humanity, after all.

The white rat always seems to have a hand in this kind of thing, fomenting discontent and turmoil, and even if Imai doesn't seem to trust it entirely, you're not sure you're happy with leaving her thoughts where they are, either: Kyuubey wants Imai doubting Toshimichi, and that's led *directly* to more fighting.

"OK," you say, taking a deep breath and lowering your hand to look at Imai. "OK. So... look. I believe you. *I believe you*, I believe the story you've told me. It's just... Kyubey isn't a reliable source. You've *got* to know that, right?"

Imai makes a derisive noise, glaring at you from beneath purple-pink bangs.

"Spare me the sanctimony," she says. "I'm a magical girl, I *know* that. And if you're with *her*, then there's nothing left to say."

"I'm *saying* that if Kyubey wants you angry against Toshimichi, then *I* want to know why," you say sharply. "I'm saying that it actively manipulates magical girls to cause fall into despair and Witch out for its own profit. And the fact that it seems to restrict itself into telling the truth just means that it's very, *very* good at lying with that truth and omission."

"That doesn't *matter*!" Imai's glare returns full force, almost knocking you back with the anger. Then, almost as quickly as her anger flared, it's gone again, Imai looking away from you. "Look, I... forget it. This was a mistake."

She turns away from you, tensing to leap away. Away from you and away from the building.

"Miss Imai," you snap.

You hesitate for a split second, this *isn't* your secret but it's not even a secret *here*-

But it's now or never.

"I *know* Toshimichi isn't human," you say before you can think better of it. "Constellation *is* aware."

"Then *why*?" Imai whirls on you, aborting her leap. "Why are you supporting her?"

"*Sabrina. Listen to me,*" Oriko says to you, her mental voice steady, but hurried, words flowing in a torrent. "*The reasons she gave are not the root cause. They are *post-hoc* justifications, made up to support a cause she was *already* committed to.*" A touch of wry irony tinges her next sentence. "*I recognise that sort of self-deception.*"

You resist the urge to nod in response, for all that Oriko's advice blazed by in the span of a heartbeat. You can trust her judgement here, you think, and it fits.

The *second* thing you've been musing on, then: you'd been told that the Tower group was the group to doubt the legitimacy of Toshimichi's claim to Imperial rule, such as it is. And yet, Imai here threw that exact aspersion at her too, despite the fact that it doesn't really make *sense* given everything else that's been said. Which slots together perfectly with what Oriko said: her reasons are *justifications* for vengeance. Perhaps a justification to martyr herself.

"Because I don't have all the facts," you say instead. You spread your hands, unflinchingly meeting the fury burning in Imai's gaze. "What I know is this: I'm willing to help you and your team, Miss Imai. I know that human or not, Toshimichi has a soul, just like you or me. I know that *Kyuubey does not*. I know that Kyuubey loves to foment conflict for its own ends."

"So you don't believe me," she says flatly. She doesn't look away from you, a glowering intensity half-hidden in the shadows with the sun at her back. Her arms hang at her side, hands clenched into shaking fists.

It strikes you, then and there. It's *really* not about Toshimichi's claim to authority, or her humanity or lack thereof, or anything like that. The thought *had* crossed your mind, but it... doesn't make sense, and now, you can definitively put it aside. It's simpler than that by far. She has an enemy. That enemy happens to be Toshimichi: a seemingly omniscient, shadowy figure puppeteering the entire city's magical population. And she's *afraid*, beneath that anger. That her attempts to do *anything* have met with failure, foiled before they could even begin.

"I *do* believe you, like I said," you riposte. You're a little surprised at how even your voice is, calm to her anger, but you're not bothering to hide the worried furrow of your brow, either. "I know Toshimichi isn't human. I believe you, that Miss Sasaki died in suspicious circumstances. I have every intention of investigating the matter, along with the rest of Constellation."

"Good for you," Imai says bitterly, breaking the stare-off.

And that's why she's still here. Because she hopes you might listen. Because she's hoping for an ally in her corner. Because, at the end of the day, she's scared. And it's why her explanations seem so disjointed. She's throwing out every reason she can think of, hoping that something sticks.

... and yet.

The target of her ire is Toshimichi, the singular person who seems to be holding the entire city together with those delicate manipulations and charisma and, yes, the occasional imposition of her power. You're not happy with that, and you doubt you will ever be, but... the alternative is war, bloody and brutal and bitter. You doubt *you* could keep the peace in Tokyo if Toshimichi's deposed, and certainly not without taking power yourself.

It feels like you're on the brink.

It doesn't feel like violence.

But it feels like make or break.

**\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X] That said, if she or her group don't feel safe in Tokyo, Constellation is willing to help her.
\-\[X] If she gives more details about Sasaki, we can investigate, even bring in other investigators.
\-\[X] If she has other examples of other misconduct by Chiyoda, those could be red lines for Constellation.
\-\[X] And in extremis, we'd be willing to supply her with housing and cleansing outside of Tokyo, as long as she keeps the well being of others in mind.
\[x] Answer any of Imai's questions should they come up.
\-\[x] If she shows any confusion on the point of Kyubey being responsible for witchouts, explain the witch and lich bombs and how they relate.

\=====​

And we're back! I wish this could be a longer update to celebrate, or a more cheerful update, but, er. This is where we're at: one last opportunity to make your case to Taeko.

I'm really sorry this one took so long to update. Meatspace issues, *plus* I'm still getting to grips with Taeko as a character - but I believe I'm back properly, and I think I should be able to keep to a better update schedule now. We'll see!

Also, I'm *really* annoyed that I missed this, but PMAS' eight anniversary was a couple days ago. [@Redshirt Army](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/6715/) made an amazing video for PMAS, check it out [here](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-7223#post-24034344)! It's been a wild eight years, huh? Here's to more, because PMAS sure as hell isn't done yet.
