# Power Up Pt. 27

The conversation lapses, awkward and tense. Imai's gaze flickers to you for a moment, then away, the air thick with tension and the low, ever-present rumble of a living city beneath the afternoon sun - the timbre different in some indefinable way from Mitakihara's, but familiar nevertheless.

... well. In the end, it's not that difficult, you suppose. You don't know enough of the specifics, and you arguably fucked up. So.

"I... I apologise," you say, slow, but with increasing confidence as you settle into your new course of action. "I'm sorry for jumping to conclusions, and not listening to you. I was... worried about Kyuubey's interference but that's no excuse."

You take a deep breath, and bow at the waist.

"I apologise," you repeat, looking down at the dirty concrete of the roof. "I came here in hopes of helping *everyone*, and got wrapped up in my own thoughts instead."

When you straighten, Imai's staring at you with something like disbelief in her eyes and slack-jawed shock on her face.

"I'm *not* here as Toshimichi's iron fist," you say quietly. "I mean, we hadn't even *met* before today. We're here on our own pressing cause - and yes, part of that is that we're here to offer our *help* to all who need it. We're here to prevent suffering, so: I'm listening, Miss Imai. I need facts. If your friend's death was orchestrated by someone - by *anyone*, then I want to know."

It takes a moment for Imai to gather herself, a moment for her to respond. You wait patiently, ruminating on your own thoughts for a bit. You've learned *some* patience, you like to think, if only for the purposes of letting people come to terms with the conversation. Some things can't be forced, and silence on your part can be something to draw them into engaging. Sometimes, you have to *listen*.

"I don't know what you want me to say," she mutters at last. "I told you. It was a border skirmish with Otsuka's gang. That's the Tower group, yeah."

"Would you mind if I were to ask you for more details?" you press gently. "I need more information if I want to even begin addressing this, and I..."

You grimace, and hold up both hands before she can continue speaking.

"I feel I may have to temper expectations?" you say, lowering your hands and giving her an apologetic look. "I... it depends, really, but... like I said, Walpurgisnacht is something Constellation is gearing up to deal with. I can promise I will *listen*, and we *will* investigate, just... not exactly when. But it *will* happen. In the short term, though..." You give her a sharp, direct look. "If you're in danger, your team, or anyone else, or you *think* you are, we'll get you out. That much I *can* promise."

Imai sighs in turn, shifting uncomfortably on her feet. She starts to cross her arms, then seems to think better of it, letting them hang at her side, then hooking her thumbs into her belt and slouching against a pillar, out of the direct light of the sun.

"We're not running," she bites out. "We're not seeing anything we can't handle, anyway, and we're *not* leaving, that's... we're not *running*." She scowls at nothing, fidgeting with her belt. "Fine. What do you want to know?"

"Well... for starters, when was it?" you say. "And... what exactly happened?"

"... six months ago," Imai says, her expression darkening. "November last year. She went on the hunting rotation with Chiyoda, came back, and was quiet the entire week. Then three days later, she sat us all down and told us all. She shared her memories with us, and we all *saw* it."

Imai grimaces, jamming her hands against the leather of her belt.

"Then... look, we... most of us were still in school, right? Normal stuff, busy, homework, whatever. Life went on. We're all freaked out, but... whatever, we managed," she says, shrugging. "Four days after she told us, Sora got out early and went to go scout for Witches. Also normal stuff for us. Scout, then call in everyone after school. This time..."

She falls silent. You hold your tongue, biting back your words - sometimes, it's better not to push. You don't *know* her, and she doesn't have a reason to like you in the slightest, but oh it *burns* to just stand there and watch her crumple in on herself.

"When you find a Witch on the edge of a territory, and no one's around, it's first come, first serve," Imai says. "So Sora sat tight, waiting 'til we could all show up and to wave off Tower if they found it. And of *course* they do, and... Sora told us that it was fine, she'd just talk to them, and maybe there was an opportunity. Then she went quiet, told us to focus."

Imai makes a disgusted noise, and spits on the ground.

"When we got there, the Witch was gone, Tower was gone, and Sora..." Her expression shatters. "Sora was also gone." She looks up at you, raw pain carved deep into the lines of her face, harsh and unabated by time. The kind of pain that fuels the burning rage and *hate* that curls her lips into a snarl and her hands into fists. "We searched. We found her corpse and *her Witch*."

"... I'm sorry for your loss. I truly am," you say quietly, and hesitate. "I... would you be OK if I cleansed your Soul Gem?"

"Save your pity," she grunts. Still, she pulls out a Grief Seed of her own and cleanses her Soul Gem, set into the buckle of her belt, so you'll take that as a win.

Six months ago. That timing checks out with what Kurenai and Terumi had said - Imai and her group had come to the Council meeting in a towering rage. And then Toshimichi had done her thing, and blunted that entire altercation, and Imai had noticed, somehow, that her demand for revenge had been blunted. You think. And they've been belligerent since then, trying to goad the Tower group into attacking, or... possibly goading Toshimichi into *doing* something.

The trouble is that you don't know what happened to Sora. Not directly. Only the Tower group would know, and you hope that Kazumi found out something, but... she didn't know that she *should* be looking. It might not be too late to change that, though.

"*Kazumi?*" You reach out telepathically. "*Are you still talking to Miss Otsuka?*"

"*Nope, I moved on!*" Kazumi says. She sounds... vaguely perturbed, actually, the usual bright cheer in her voice blunted for once. "*We should talk later, though.*"

"*Gotcha,*" you say.

"So there's your *storytime*," Imai mutters, a challenging, pugnacious tilt to her jaw as she tucks away the Grief Seed. "Satisfied?"

**\[] Head back to the meeting
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Next update will wrap up this conversation and see you heading back to the main meeting, hopefully! Talking to everyone, including Kazumi will be an automatic action. And ideally, the next update will come much sooner.
