# Power Up Pt. 28

"I... suppose," you say, scrubbing your hand through your hair as you think. "Ah, sorry, I don't mean to sound ungrateful. Thank you - I can't imagine that must have been easy, and I sincerely appreciate it. The incident... *does* seem deeply suspicious, and I don't know what to make of it. It *sounds* like a Grief spiral, but that wouldn't *fit*, from what you've told me."

Imai shrugs, a what-can-you-do sort of gesture. Six months sounds like an eon ago, and yet, not nearly enough time to grieve, evident in the pain etched in her expression. Tragedy cares not for the whims of humanity, you suppose.

"Well. I... again, thank you for sharing this with me," you say. "I *do* promise that it won't end here - I'm definitely going to be questioning the Tower group, and see what *they* know, and I'll get back to you when I've got a plan of action, OK?"

"Good fucking luck," Imai mutters, shaking her head. "They're a bunch of assholes."

"Well, one of my friends was already talking to one of them - Otsuka, you said?" you say. You'll take *that* evaluation under advisement, you feel. Imai seems like she might be a *little* biased. Just a little. "I'll be following up on *that*, at least."

"Vee, I don't..." Imai sighs again, then shrugs, and hooks her thumbs back into her belt properly, seeming at a loss. "Go do your whatever. If you're telling me this because you want me to stop fighting, just... stop. It's never gonna happen. You seem like a nice girl, but... you don't get it. I guess maybe you *can't*, and honestly, I hope you never will."

She straightens, seeming to swell like a fire catching light. *Alive* in a terrible way that she hadn't been, minutes ago, the kind of drive that someone clings to in the wake of unbearable loss.

"Sora is dead," she says. "And I will fight for my revenge."

"And if that revenge is pointed in the wrong direction?" you ask softly.

Imai falls silent for a moment. *Taeko* falls silent for a moment, you suppose. She probably deserves the first name in your thoughts, given how much she's opened up - she could have blown you off entirely and left you in the dark. It wouldn't have been a *complete* loss, if Kazumi came through with anything, but even so, things could have gone worse. Much worse.

"Good luck on the vote," Taeko says, finally. "And... I'll see."

She turns, and without waiting for you, stalks off back towards the stairwell. You stare after her, jumping as the door slams shut behind her.

You regret that you can't offer her *more*. For all that you don't quite *like* her, for all that you *resent* her, just a little bit, for trying to Witchbomb the entire Council and all your friends and *Mami*... and maybe this wasn't the worst outcome. Not by a long shot. But you just can't shake the feeling. You hate that you failed to *help* her.

Maybe it was too much to hope for. In some ways, this was the *best* you could hope for; it's not like you could have expected to unravel her trauma with one magic trick. The progress you've made with Mami, and Homura, and Sayaka, and Madoka are all the results of continuous effort and love. Even so, you'd *wanted* to help, but... She wanted an ally, but you didn't know enough to jump into it. You still don't. The best you've managed, perhaps, is to offer her the tiniest sliver of hope.

You stand there on the roof for a minute or two, rooted in place as your thoughts chase themselves around in circles. You soak in the warmth of the sun, and the rumble of a living city... and beneath that, the hum of Toshimichi's magic, woven throughout the building. From up here, you try to imagine the web of connections that stretch outwards from her, winding through the city.

... ah, well.

You shake the thought free, and start back down the stairs yourself, footsteps scuffing over concrete that gives way to lacquered wood. Sunlight shifts to soft lantern light, the roar of Tokyo subsumed into distant murmurs of conversation.

Your return draws little attention as you arrive at a scene not all that different from the one you'd left: small groups of magical girls coming together in conversation and drifting apart, vibrant costumes and loud laughter and subtle snubs a distant backdrop to the traditional opulence of the room. The table you'd spotted earlier now bears dozens of platters of food, largely picked clean while you'd been talking to Taeko.

Little attention, not *no* attention.

Mami spots you at the same time you spot her, her face brightening as her eyes snap over to you as if drawn by some preternatural sense. She excuses herself from her conversation with a girl you don't recognise, and hurries over in your direction.

You meet her halfway with a spring in your step and a grin on your face, resisting the urge to sweep her off her feet in a hug. Professional. *Professional*, you're in the middle of a big meeting. And also, she's carrying a plate, balanced on one hand.

"Sabrina," Mami says, smiling softly at you. "How was the talk with Miss Imai?"

"Hey, Mami. It... went," you say, returning the smile. "Not perfect, and it's given me more information to work with, but I'm still missing pieces. How's the mingling going?"

"Well enough," Mami says. "I *think* the vote is leaning towards accepting our proposal, though it's hard to say for sure."

She offers you the plate with a smile - and now that you're looking at it, it seems that she raided the refreshments and saved you a few choice snacks. Sashimi might be an odd thing to have with little French pastries, but they're separated by an artful buttress of fried finger foods. You accept it gratefully, your fingers lingering over hers as you exchange the plate.

"Get a room, you two," Sayaka says, joining you with an easy smirk. "How'd it go, Sabrina?"

"Heya," you say. "Like I said to Mami - not perfect. I don't think I convinced Miss Imai to change her vote, but I don't think that was ever actually on the cards. She's got... what she thinks is legitimate cause for anger at both Chiyoda and Tower."

"Mmm," Mami says, tilting her head. "Our course?"

"Unchanged for the most part," you say on. "But I think I really need to talk to the Tower group."

"We may not have time for that before the meeting is reconvened," Sayaka warns. "'s like... ten minutes to go?"

"Kazumi did manage to talk to Miss Otsuka too," Mami says.

"Right, and I need to find out what's up there," you say. "Any idea?"

"Nah, we've all been split up talking to people," Sayaka says. "Saw her a while ago, though, somewhere over there?"

**\[] Go look for Kazumi (talking to her will be automatic)
\[] Go look for Miss Otsuka
\- \[] What do you want to ask? (Write-in)
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

A bit shorter than I'd like, but this is a bit of a transitional update. So it goes.
