# Power Up Pt. 29

"... well, I guess we should go see what she found out?" you say a little hesitantly.

"I believe that Miss Toshimichi will shortly be calling the Council back into session shortly to vote on the matter, in any case," Mami says. She takes your free elbow, smiling slightly. "Unfortunately, as the appellants of the vote, we definitely aren't invited to be there *during* the vote."

"It's not like we'd really try to intimidate them or anything," Sayaka mutters, rolling her eyes.

"Eh... even if we didn't, our presence would still influence the vote," you say, trying one of the sushi rolls Mami had saved for you. You chew and swallow, then continue. "It's probably reasonable. Plus, given that we're magical girls, they probably can't guarantee that none of us have any kind of mind-affecting powers, yeah?"

"... yeah, that's true," Sayaka says. "Still sucks. It means we have to *wait* to know."

"I'm sure it'll go well," Mami says, nudging your elbow. "Kazumi's over there, Sabrina."

"You think so?" you say, heading in the direction Mami's indicating and trying to spot Kazumi yourself - fifty-odd people in one place isn't exactly an inconsiderable number, and the hall might be spacious, but not *that* spacious. You could probably find her by her Soul Gem and Witch name, but... eh. And nanofog would be just rude, in a place filled with magical girls. "I don't exactly have a feel for the pulse of the vote."

Mami hums thoughtfully, considering the matter. The crowd drifts apart ahead of the three of you, cautious and speculative glances thrown your way. Your absence was presumably noted, as was your return. *And* they probably correlated that with Taeko leaving, too.

"It's difficult to say for sure," Mami says after a moment. "But I *do* feel that most seem in favour of the idea. Our... demands, such as they are, are quite non-invasive, and I think our coming down in person *definitely* helped to swing the vote towards us. There was an undercurrent of, mm, *disbelief*?"

"I talked to, uh... whatsherface." Sayaka scowls, snapping her fingers as she tries to recall. "With the reddish-orange hair, uh. Fujimaru! Fujimaru Ikue, yeah, I've talked to too many new people today." She shakes her head. "Anyway. Miss Fujimaru, from the Kyuedo group."

"*One of the groups Miss Toshimichi indicated was particularly bellicose,*" Mami supplies telepathically. You shoot her a swift smile as thanks, tilting your plate to offer her some, but she shakes her head quickly, smile growing a little. She'd eaten her fill.

"Go on, Sayaka?" you say.

"Er, yeah," Sayaka says, scanning the crowd for a moment, presumably to check that her outburst hadn't actually gotten Ikue's attention. "So I suppose there's three parts to it. The first two are pretty obvious. What you do with your magic's supposed to be impossible. That we're *giving it away* is also, er, pretty improbable. The third part..."

Sayaka exhales hard enough to puff her cheeks out.

"I mean, we knew about it," Sayaka says, her voice lowering enough that you have to strain to hear her over the buzz of the crowd. "They like to play politics here. Everyone wants free stuff, but they don't *really* want everyone *else* to have it. And I can... sort of see why. Fujimaru... I talked to her, and she didn't seem like a *bad* person, but she was kind of *gleeful* about being *able* to slap down 'invaders' on their territory."

"... do you think it'll be a problem?" you say hesitantly.

"Probably not?" Sayaka says. "'All within legal limits,' she was pretty insistent on."

"I imagine Chiyoda will also discreetly avail themselves of the Clear Seed," Mami adds. "So they in turn would have the ability to act against such aggression. I would hope that that would help keep the conflict down, along with the threat of our own promised reprisal against those who might abuse the cleansing offered by the Clear Seed."

"Right, that was my point before I got lost in it," Sayaka says. "Our offering to *back* the Clear Seed with our own fighting ability was... like, we're putting an armed embassy in *their* city, and it's something they're wary of but also something that made them sit up and take it more seriously."

"A spoonful of medicine helps the sugar go down?" you say, rolling your eyes.

"A spoonful of medicine to make it seem *real*," Sayaka says with an ambivalent shrug.

"Yeah, I guess," you say, sighing a touch morosely. Mami squeezes your elbow, smiling gently at you as the conversation lapses for a moment. A few of the Council glance your way, vibrant colours shifting in the crowd, but no-one approaches as you finally spot Kazumi and make your way over.

"Over here, Sabrina!" Kazumi calls, waving energetically at you. Perhaps a *bit* less so than her usual exuberance, but you're not sure whether that's just your expectations biasing your observations. She *did* sound somewhat out of sorts when you'd spoken with her telepathically, after all.

Predictably, Umika and Niko are both there too, flanking Kazumi on either side. Niko's gaze focuses on nothing in particular, sharp and intense in thought. Umika pushes Kazumi's hand down firmly, smile quirking her lips.

"They're right here, Kazumi," she chides, not bothering to hide her fond amusement.

"Are we?" you say, grinning.

"*Are* you?" Kazumi asks, eyes going wide. "I know Sayaka's here as a clone, I didn't know you were too, Mami, Sabrina!"

"We aren't," Mami says, giggling. "My clone technique still needs time!"

"Ahh," Kazumi says with a sage nod. "Of course. What about you, Sabrina?"

"... I mean, I could extend my chibi technique to full size," you say. "I've thought about it before, even. The only problem is, y'know." You roll your wrist vaguely. "Witchy."

"It wouldn't be a problem for those of us used to you," Mami says firmly. "But we might be getting off topic?"

"Ah, yeah," you say, nodding. "So... Kazumi, you had something to tell us about the Tower group?"

"Right. Yeah," Kazumi says, bubbly cheer fading into a more serious mien. "I spoke to Miss Otsuka there."

"Yeah?" you say carefully. You don't *think* Kazumi learned about Witches, not like this - you sort of imagine that her girlfriends would be more worried about it than they are, otherwise.

"So they *hate* Miss Toshimichi," Kazumi says quietly. "I mean *hate* her, and want to kill her and her friends, and Miss Otsuka wasn't... *shy* about it." Kazumi shudders, tugging at the brim of her voluminous hat. "And I think she knows about the whole... you know. She was hinting about it."

'It' being Toshimichi's true nature, you suppose. So that's two groups in conflict, both of them seemingly aware of Toshimichi's nature, and Sasaki Sora caught in between. Tower *seemingly* caused Sora's Witchout, or maybe Sora Witched out on her own and Tower just happened to be in the area, but... *something's* missing in that gap there.

Kazumi steals a chocolate puff off your plate and crams it, whole, into her mouth in one go to bulge her cheeks out like a chipmunk.

"She definitely does," Umika says. "She was remarkably brazen about it, and accusatory that Toshimichi could not *possibly* be a true descendant of the Imperial line."

She sniffs.

"As if that truly matters, in this day and age," she mutters, with an air of delivering a decisive judgement. "Toshimichi's a leader, and she's clearly been doing a good enough job to have kept them together this long."

"'nd thr's th' oth'r th'ng," Kazumi mumbles. "Umika?"

"Right," Umika says, nodding. "Miss Otsuka was also curiously insistent that it was her *fate* to destroy Toshimichi. *Destroy*, not kill." She glances at Niko, who's still staring off into the distance, lost in thought. "Niko thinks that her Wish might have been something to do with it."

"... right. That's interesting," you say. You frown, trying to think it through. "Did she mention one Sasaki Sora at all? She was from the Meiji Group, and Miss Imai was *certain* that both Miss Toshimichi and the Tower Group somehow had their hands in it."

"Not directly," Umika says slowly, glancing around. "But Miss Otsuka *did* mention that they wouldn't hesitate to kill whoever Toshimichi put in her path. She... wasn't specific, but... now that you've mentioned Miss Sasaki, I can't help but wonder if it wasn't just posturing. Under what circumstances were her death?"

"... I don't think I should talk about it where people might overhear," you say.

On the one side, a story of someone who seemed to have Witched out in mysterious circumstances. And on the other, someone seemingly *murderous*. There's several ways you could fill in the gap between Sora wandering off on her own, encountering the Tower group, and her Witch-out, and none of them are pleasant. A fight doesn't sound likely - Sora would have called for help, you imagine.

So... for some reason, she encountered the Tower group, and presumably, they talked. She'd already been shaken by her encounter with Akane, and... something she learned from the Tower group tipped her over the edge?

Or maybe Akane *had* done something to her. You don't *think* that that's likely, but you can't entirely rule it out, you suppose.

That said, you can *probably* rule out the idea that the Tower group was in some way collaborating with Chiyoda, you suppose, given their apparent staunch opposition. An alleged lack of legitimacy... well, you suppose that if they *know* Akane was *created* in some way, then it's true that she can't possibly have Imperial descent.

You can't help but agree with Umika on *that* score, though. It doesn't *matter*.

A squeeze of your elbow brings your attention back to the world, and to Mami smiling slightly at you. You can't help the reflexive, answering smile, even as your mind churns through your next course of action.

---

- [ ] Hurry to grab Otsuka Renko before the session gets called for the vote
- [ ] What do you want to talk to her about?
- [ ] Ask Kazumi, Umika, and Niko more questions
- [ ] What do you ask?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

If you choose to go after Renko, keep in mind that the session will be called midway through the conversation.
