# Power Up Pt. 29.5

"I-" You scowl, checking your phone. You don't have much time *left* before the vote, and if you go after Otsuka, then she might well miss the vote. But that's...

You're *tired* of this murder mystery, you have to admit. Akane pointed you at Meiji and Taeko as a threat, Taeko pointed you at Otsuka as a cause. And Kazumi's telling you that Otsuka *is* a danger, one apparently entirely cheerful to expound at length about her intention to murder other people. It's a massive, tangled web of *weirdness* half-lost to the unending march of time.

"I... think want to talk to her. Miss Renko, I mean," you say slowly, thinking. "Anyone see her? And..." You hesitate for a second, even as your friends start scanning the crowd. "... look, something's bothering me. If she's so... *open* about her intention to kill people, how come she hasn't been thrown out yet?"

"Means and motive, no?" Sayaka says. "Either Toshimichi doesn't think they'll actually do it, or is confident they can stop it. More bark than bite, that sorta thing."

"And that it can't be *proven* that she has actually killed anyone, no matter how much they might like to talk about and around it," Mami adds quietly, her lips pursed. "I can't say I approve, but I suppose the Council, or maybe Chiyoda, might rather err on the side of caution."

"Collective enforcement in such a fractious environment might be rather fraught," Umika muses, adjusting her glasses thoughtfully. "But my impression is that however clear her intentions against Miss Toshimichi are, she *seemed* content to await the arrival of her 'destiny'."

"More bark than bite, then, like I said," Sayaka says. "Hrmph."

"I wouldn't be so sure," Umika says. "She sounded terribly certain about it, somehow."

Kazumi nods frantically, still trying to work around the chocolate puff in her mouth as she gestures at Umika to indicate her agreement.

"I see her," Mami adds. "She was the girl with the tophat, was she not?"

You hesitate for a moment.

If you walk away here, what then? Things continue as per normal. The vote proceeds, and you *should* win it, and you bring cleansing to the Tokyo Council. And... hopefully Taeko simmers down a little. You'd promised her to get to the bottom of it, and you *will*, but such things aren't completed in a day, after all. You didn't ask her *not* to fight, and you can't expect her not to. But the status quo should hold.

And if you *do* go in, you pull Renko before the vote... well, it depends on what she's like, and how she reacts to you. And that's not exactly something you can predict, but given what Kazumi had said? It probably wouldn't go quietly, at the very least.

---

- [ ] Telepathically contact Imai.
  - [x] Run Kazumi's account of Renko past Imai, see if she corroborates or has anything to add -- Renko's powers, maybe?
- [ ] Hurry to grab Otsuka Renko before the session gets called for the vote
  - [ ] Ask her what happened to Sora
- [ ] Leave Otsuka be

---

OK, so. First of all, I apologise for the short update after the long wait - but that ties into the rather lengthy author's notes here. I'm going to do something rather unusual here and lay quite a few of my cards on the table. This is something I've been ruminating on for a while.

This arc has gone on too long, real time. Over a year, because I had to go on hiatus to finish my thesis, and when I tried to get back into it, I was plagued with various meatspace issues, and worst of all - writer's block. I haven't been able to get back into the groove of what is, ultimately, a rather tense political skirmish coupled with a murder mystery, and my writing speed has suffered *hard* for it.

So I'm opening the vote here: If you guys are alright with it, we'll close out this section relatively soon, and get back to Mitakihara. Tokyo won't stand still, but things won't blow up in the short or even medium term, and we'll be back when I'm properly locked in and ready to write this.

If you guys prefer, however, I *am* willing to continue to write this arc. I've got my plans in mind, I'm just having difficulty getting them out on the page.
