# Power Up Pt. 30

You hesitate for a long moment, and shake your head slightly. Mami's expression shifts to curiosity and a hint of concern, but she nods, smiling.

"I... no, on second thoughts, no," you say quietly. "I think I'll leave her be for the time being."

"Probably a good thought!" Kazumi says, having finally swallowed the pastry. "'s voting time in like... a minute, isn't it? She might actually want to vote. Civic duty and all." Kazumi pauses thoughtfully, tilting her head. "... is it a civic duty to vote? I mean, yes, it's a civic duty to vote, but is it a civic duty to vote *here*?"

"I think it might be for the best for the moment," Sayaka agrees, frowning. "I don't *like* the idea of leaving her be if she's a murderer, but... it's kind of a cold trail by now, isn't it? We've got what we came for - the votes for us giving them a Clear Seed. Hopefully. Solving this murder mystery is something we got dragged into on top of everything else, right?"

"Yeah, but..." you grimace. "I- we're here to help, right?"

"Sometimes it might be best left to those closer to the problem," Umika observes.

"And sometimes, you might need to take a step back to re-evaluate the situation," Mami says, taking your elbow and squeezing gently. "I don't think it would do any real harm to take that step back, Sabrina. And I think that the distance might help everyone involved - not just us. Miss Imai wasn't exactly calm after the meeting, right? Waiting before approaching Miss Otsuka might be prudent."

Mami smiles up at you, the honey-gold of her eyes warm and reassuring.

"... OK," you say, taking a deep breath. "And... they've been stable for this long. I suppose we can extend them the trust that things *won't* blow up if we don't stick our noses into this further, yeah?"

Even so, you glance where Mami was looking, trying not to too obviously be trying to spot Renko through the crowd.

"*There,*" Mami whispers into your mind, nudging you gently.

You follow her gaze to spot Renko. She's not particularly tall, even with the jauntily-tilted top hat. Even so, you spot her easily, with just that nudge from Mami. There's something about the way she holds herself, the way she holds herself at a distance to everyone else, even now when she's speaking to someone.

A top hat.

An idol's costume, you'd thought, and you don't think you were wrong - not with the frills and the uncomfortably short skirt and all. But there's something in the rich blacks and reds of her costume that has you making a mental association to high society, to stage magicians and invisible strings and manipulations and puppet masters that in turn is a connection to Kazumi told you: that Renko considered it her *fate* to kill Toshimichi.

But it's also seemingly something that makes her *complacent* to wait. Which means you have a little time, time enough to retreat and regather your thoughts and come at this with a clearer mind.

Alright. You're resolved, then.

You nod to yourself, and exhale slowly. You take a moment to dial Madoka's number into your phone again, continuing *that* call. You don't expect there to be much politicking left to do, but hey, you'd said you'd call back.

"*Sabrina!*" Madoka picks up almost immediately, her voice sounding at the back of your mind a moment later. You can feel Hitomi's presence in the telepathic call, as well as Homura's, to your lack of surprise. "*How did it go?*"

"*... well enough, I think,*" you say. "*It's... a little confusing and more than a little frustrating - there's a mystery to solve on top of the politics going on. But I've decided to leave the mystery for the moment, since it's... mm. It's part of the motivation for Meiji's aggression, but it's also not as immediately relevant.*"

"*Ah! I see...*" Madoka says. You can feel her ruminating on it for a moment before she evidently sets it aside. "*OK! How's the politicking?*"

"*I'm just catching up on that!*" you say, and switch to speaking out loud. "Alright. We'll leave them to it. If things blow up... I hope they'll call for us. But I hope they won't need to, either."

"If what blows up? Are we blowing something up?" Mika's voice heralds the return of the girl herself, arriving in a flurry of fern-green robes and irrepressible energy. "Also, I do believe I've secured myself some business meetings." She grins, sharp and eager. "To the benefit of Constellation, of course, and myself."

"The situation, but through no fault of ours. But do tell?" Mami asks, her voice all but overlapping with Hitomi's urgent request for you to follow up on that.

"More development opportunities, maybe unsurprisingly," Mika says, grinning. "Everyone who's anyone has their fingers in Tokyo, of course, there's always buildings going up and being torn down. But now, on the ground research on where magical girl fights happen? Where *mysteriously unavoidable* property damage happens? Where neutral ground might be? Now *that's* worth its weight in gold."

"That *does* sound like it will be useful," Mami says, smiling.

"But not *immediately*, right?" Sayaka ventures. "Sounds like it's the kind of thing that'll take months to set up?"

"Oh, absolutely. Initial works can happen within days if I really push it, but overall it *will* take months if not years. But *we* have global ambitions, don't we? And we've got to lay down the groundwork early for that kind of thing," Mika says. She grins, tucking her hands into the sleeves of her robes. "*And* the rep boost is immediate. Or as immediate as word-of-mouth gets, anyway."

"Nah, was just checking my understanding," Sayaka says. "That was Miss Takada, right? Did you manage to talk to her about the vote?"

"*I really *should* talk to Miss Nakano,*" Hitomi observes telepathically. "*I'll trouble you to set us up a meeting sometime, Sabrina?*"

"*Sure,*" you say. "*But I would like to note that I quake in fear at the thought of the kind of shenanigans the two of you will get up to.*"

"*So noted!*" Hitomi says cheerily.

"Oh, yeah, it's actually why she wanted to talk to me -us- in the first place?" Mika says with a sharp grin. "I mean, she wanted to know what the profit angle for it was -she's voting for it, by the way- but also on the basis that, you know, *me*. That there's *no* profit angle other than wanting to help was a bit of a hard sell, by the way."

"... yeah, it *does* seem that way, doesn't it?" you say, sighing in annoyance.

"It's why-"

That's as far as Mami gets before the chime of a gong resounds through the hall, slicing effectively through the chatter of dozens of magical girls. No one seems surprised, though, and they're already starting to head back towards the screen door back into their meeting room, footsteps a susurrus against the hardwood floors.

"The recess is now over. Delegates, please return to the main discussion hall." Akari's voice seems to emanate out of the air, everywhere and nowhere at once - somewhat redundantly, but the formalities have to be followed, you suppose. "We will now be holding the vote on the matter put before us by the Constellation."

"And we *still* don't get to go, huh," Sayaka complains.

"Unfortunately not," Umika says, sighing lightly as she adjusts her glasses. "I can't say I like the anticipation."

"Me neither," you say, grumbling. "Anyway, what were you saying, Mami?"

"Um..." Mami blinks, thinking for a moment, then smiles. "Ah, yes. I was about to say that it's why we're *here*. It's harder to deny our sincerity, face to face."

"True," you agree, and exhale, smiling slightly. You *do* feel better about this whole thing, you suppose - your time here definitely wasn't wasted. With nothing left to say for the moment, you take the moment to nibble on a few more snacks from the plate, watching the magical girls as they head out of the room. None of them move with any particular urgency, and most continue chatting quietly with each other still.

You can see the divisions running between the groups, you imagine, in the little cliques and conversations and which girls shy away from each other.

"Hey, anyone see Miss Nishimura or Miss Nanami? They didn't miss the message and go with everyone else, did they?" Sayaka says, blinking and looking around. "Oh, wait, no, there we go."

"We were speaking to one last group about the vote." Shinobu has to raise her voice a little to be heard as she and Moe return.

"Ah, good timing. Welcome back!" you say, pivoting to make room in your little circle for them to join in. "How did things go?"

"Not awful, not amazing," Shinobu says, sweeping a hand through the short curtain of her hair as she thinks. "I've got a good feeling about the vote, but the rifts between groups are... troubling."

"Yuki always kept us away from taking combat missions in Tokyo," Moe adds thoughtfully. "What few there were, anyway. I suppose none of us really knew about Toshimichi, but everything about this city screamed *bad idea* on that front, I'd say. Leaving that aside, though, it means we brought no bad blood with us here." She grimaces slightly. "Toshimichi's been doing a good job on keeping the lid on the powderkeg, I have to say."

"... yeah, I got that impression too," you admit. "For now, we've decided to leave the Meiji-Chiyoda-Tower conflict alone, but I'll be doing what I can to investigate."

"Now *that* Yuki might want a hand in," Shinobu says, nodding. "Information is power, and all."

"I'll see what I can do," you say. "That said, er..."

You turn on the spot, surveying the now-largely empty room, still with its robust, wooden construction, a legacy of days past, and the omnipresent glow that casts soft, ill-defined shadows. The detritus of a much more modern buffet line sits on the table off to the side, picked clean by the attentions of ravenous magical girls.

"... well, we're kind of waiting now, I guess?" you say, finishing the thought. "Er. Do we just wait here?"

"If you so wish, Miss Vee." The door nearest to you slides open, revealing the armoured form of Akari, striding towards you with a confident, soundless stride. "Apologies for the delay. You may return to the waiting room at your leisure, or stay here. The vote will be the first matter put before the Council, so you won't have to wait long."

"Oh!" You glance around at your friends. Unfortunately, no one seems to have any particularly strong feelings about where to go, leaving the decision squarely in your hands. "Er... I guess we'll head to the waiting room, then."

"This way," Akari says, bowing slightly and turning to lead the way.

"Come on, Niko, we're moving," Kazumi says, her voice quieter and fonder than its usual exuberance. Between her and Umika, they tow Niko along, following after Akari.

You smile, and head on after them, frisbeeing your now-empty plate towards the buffet table. All it takes is a bit of Grief to guide it to a safe landing, clinking into place with other used dishes - and it's not like there's anyone else around to alarm, anyway. Mami stifles a giggle and takes your elbow as you follow Akari down the wooden hallways.

"Dorks," Sayaka mutters.

"And proud of it!" you say, unrepentantly cheerful.

Conversation lapses as you enter the familiar meeting room you'd first spoken to Akane and her group properly, the same tatami mats underfoot and painted screens and polished wooden pillars that leave the faintest earthy undertones hanging in the air, refreshing in some ways. The cushions have been rearranged from before; gone are the ones that the Chiyoda group had sat on, leaving eight for you, arranged in a circle in the center of the room.

Akari bows slightly as you all file in, but before departing, hesitates, one hand on the screen door.

"If I may share a more personal view of the situation at hand," she says quietly. "Thank you. Not only for bringing the offer of the Clear Seed to us, but for your presence today."

"We're glad to be here," Mami says, smiling. "But I don't believe I understand what you might be thanking us for, Miss Matsui."

"Your presence here has created uncertainty," Akari says. "Tokyo has been... perhaps a touch insular. We focused largely on our own internal affairs. The simple *presence* of another group with enough weight to disrupt our infighting will leave things muddled and shaky. I expect that we'll see less fighting in the near future."

"Then we're glad to have helped, even if only tangentially," Mami says.

Akari inclines her head slightly, then sweeps out of the room, footsteps silent despite the heavy armour that seems to be her costume.

"... so, now we wait," Sayaka concludes a moment later.

"Argh!" Kazumi throws herself down on the matted floor. "The suspense is *killing* me!"

"It shouldn't be too long," Umika says, chuckling as she sits down beside Kazumi, delicately removes her giant hat, and pats the smaller girl gently. "The *first* thing, they said."

"Have we thought about *when* we might open the embassy?" Moe asks, taking one of the cushions for herself.

"Honestly, that's more or less entirely on Miss Tsuruya?" you say, plopping down cross-legged. Mami settles in beside you, smiling. "I'll be happy to provide transportation if needed, and also to bring in the Clear Seed, of course, but other than that... oh, wait, no, it also depends on when Tokyo figures out *where* to put it. That's probably its own debate, huh."

"I imagine Chiyoda would prefer it closer to home," Mika says, pacing over to the grand window to admire the grand view of Tokyo. "That said, *territory* issues aside, maybe I should see about buying up the property..."

"To what end?" Moe asks.

"Ensuring that no-one asks questions, for one," Mika says with a shrug. "Maintaining the building, maybe making room for magical girls to stay... I'm actually not sure! Was just a thought that crossed my mind, really."

"It *could* be useful," you say. "But as you mentioned - territory issues. The Council might not be OK with the idea."

"Yeah," Mika says with an ambivalent shrug. "Something to discuss more in the future."

Conversation lapses for a few minutes, all of you having run out of things to discuss for the moment, and all of you waiting eagerly for the results of the vote. You find yourself all but vibrating with anticipation - Kazumi's right, the anticipation's *getting* to you. Mami takes your hand in hers, smoothing it out and tracing her fingers along your knuckles.

Then again, you can tell that even *Mami's* nowhere near as serene as she seems, with the way she keeps glancing at the screen doors, then back at you with a slight smile when she notices you noticing. You can't help but giggle, leaning into her.

The only one who seems unaffected is Mika, to your complete lack of surprise. She's got to be used to this kind of thing.

And *finally*, you sense a magical girl approaching. All your friends still, eyes going to the door as each of you notice in turn, and you could swear the window buckles in a little with the force of breaths held.

Aoi's the one to open the door this time, and-

\-well, you can guess from the smile on her face.

"Congratulations," she says. "The Council has voted in favour of accepting your offer, and the Clear Seed."

Your breath comes out in an explosive exhale as Kazumi cheers, joined by her friends. Shinobu laughs, clapping you on the back, while Moe just nods in satisfaction. Sayaka's on her feet, cheering, and Mika's grin is wide enough that you fear the top of her head falling off.

You exchange a smile with Mami, and relax.

"Do you wish to address the Council?" Aoi asks, after a few moments.

**\[] Yes, we want to speak to them
\- \[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)
\[] No, we need to head back**

\=====​

I'll be honest, I'd hoped to progress things further (especially after the long break - apologies for that). But I had difficulty with getting the next scene, and the speech right, so I figured I'd open it up as a vote.
