# Power Up Pt. 31

You vaguely feel like you should get out there and shout *I love communism*, for some reason. It's not even communism! But then, you might also be leaning on Mami a little bit, knees a little wobbly - it *feels* like this has been a long time coming. A massive step forward for your goals.

This certainly isn't the first time you've done *good* for people, and it's... not even international, not at all. Not like Myanmar, but you'd barely been there, barely gotten to know them. And you're not *done* here, not by a long shot. You're done *for now*, but the work is not yet done.

And yet.

This is the first time you've really tried to put what you can *do* out there, and offerred your aid to... not to a *person*, but to an *organization*. As part of your *own* group, coming together to meet a much more established group as equals, and they accepted. It's a major step, no matter how you look at it.

It's a relief, it's triumph, and it's vindication.

And Aoi's still waiting for an answer. You focus back on her, trying to stifle the grin that's threatening to crack your face in half.

"... yeah," you say, managing to keep a level tone. "Yeah, I think we do. Uh... can you give us a minute or two?"

"Of course," Aoi says, inclining her head slightly. "We'll proceed to other business in the meantime - please contact me when you're ready to address the Council. And again, congratulations, and... on a personal note, thank you. It will be nice to not have to worry about hunting for Grief Seeds."

"You are very welcome," you say, beaming. "We won't take long, I think."

"Ah, a question, before you go?" Shinobu says. "Will we be arranging the location of the Clear Seed station today, or another time?"

"Does Miss Tsuruya have a preference?" Aoi asks. "We can start preparing as soon as today, but negotiating the Clear Seed will likely be another session, albeit one that comes sooner rather than later. That will be an internal discussion, so your presence will not be required for that, of course, unless you have a preference for any given location?"

Shinobu frowns slightly, head tilting to the side as she presumably communicates with Yuki.

"No, we have no particular preference on that front," Shinobu says after a moment, and glances around. "Ah... anyone?"

"Not me," you say, your voice joining a chorus of denials from your friends.

"I'd like to be kept in the loop about the decision, but apart from that, I have no particular preference," Mika adds.

Aoi nods sharply.

"Understood," she says. "We'll make sure you're informed of the decision, regardless. Was there anything else?"

And with that settled, Aoi departs the room, the screen door sliding shut with a click. You wait a few moments for her presence to recede into the distance, and then you *relax*.

"*Yes!*" you crow, grabbing Mami in a delighted hug that lifts her off the floor.

Mami laughs, clinging to you as you spin her around.

"You've been holding that in, huh," Sayaka observes mildly.

"Gotta have *some* dignity in front of the Council people," you say, nodding firmly as you gently set Mami back down on the floor.

"Lies and slander," Kazumi chirps happily. "Dignity's overrated."

"Fair point," you say, grinning and turning to face the group proper. "Alright. I... think I've got an idea for what I want to say to the Tokyo Council - we want to thank them for their time and trust, and emphasize that we're looking forward to working with them."

"Not soliciting their help for Walpurgisnacht?" Umika asks, raising an eyebrow.

"I... hrm," you say. "That's a good point, but no, I think not at this point? It *has* come up, and it'll be on their minds - but we'll be back here, and I think *that* would be the time to ask."

Umika nods, satisfied.

"*Madoka? Hitomi? Any suggestions?*" you ask.

"*No, there isn't much else to suggest other than to gracefully accept,*" Hitomi says. "*Any real conversation has already happened, or will happen at a later time - this really is just for formality's sake.*"

"*Alrighty, thanks!*" you respond. You rub your chin, grinning. "We've got to leave with a bang, right? Make an impression as we head out? Or..."

You frown.

This is another Grief awning thing, isn't it? It's a tense, dangerous situation, with all the Tokyo girls still presumably on edge. You want to be *showy*, to leave with flair and panache, but. Even with your *introduction*, Mami had to wave you off the *full* Presentation you'd wanted to do. It *might*, perhaps, be OK now, but you're not sure you want to risk it.

"Sabrina?" Sayaka prompts.

"Well," you say slowly. "I *was* going to say we should have a big, showy exit, but after second thoughts I don't know if it's a good idea?"

"Because we might spook them?" Mika says. "I don't know. Rather - yes, it might spook them, but I don't know if we would spook them *too* badly."

"... perhaps with some restraint?" Mami says, tilting her head in consideration. "I *do* like the idea of exiting with some flourish. If we aren't *too* overtly demonstrative, I don't believe it will cause any issues. Which perhaps does preclude the use of too much Grief, Sabrina?"

"Pity we don't have any teleports," Moe says. "It's always a good exit strategy."

"Is this a bad time to say I have a teleport spell?" Kazumi says, raising her hand. "It's kiiiind of a party trick, though, takes too long to use in a fight? And it's a little costly with this many people, buuut a party trick is exactly what we want?"

"Kazumi..." Umika says. A frown flickers across her face, slightly concerned.

"Uh, maybe we shouldn't use it if the cost is that high?" you venture. "I'd be happy to supply cleansing, but if it's that bad..."

"Nah, nah, I can do it," Kazumi says, her grin unflagging. "It's not *bad* bad, it's just a *lot*. Enough to get us, um... *above* the roof? I can't really position it well either."

"Well, OK, then," you say. "That could work, maybe? Though I could also try, uh... OK, so, I've had this idea for a while. Everyone here knows how to hide things *elsewhere*, right? Like Mami's teacups and so on."

"What, you mean like-" Kazumi dips her hand sideways, the shadows darkening around her fingers for a moment as she pulls a bucket out of nowhere.

"Yeah, like that," you say. "I *could* also try and pull everyone into my hammerspace and zip us all out of the room?"

Mami shakes her head.

"It doesn't work very well, unfortunately," she says, taking your hand and squeezing gently.

"Sensory deprivation," Umika adds. "Niko was a *mess* when she tried that one out. Isn't that right, Niko?"

"Huh?" Niko blinks, evidently replaying the last few seconds of conversation in her mind. "Oh. Yes, it's terrible. Don't do it. And you can't get Soul Gems like that, anyway."

"... huh, right," you say, scratching your head. "I suppose that makes sense. And I guess *now* wouldn't be a good time to test a new technique, either."

"It'd help keep them guessing about what magic we have available to us, too," Mika says, tapping her chin thoughtfully. "It's not like we expect it to come to a fight, but keeping up the mystique could be useful. I'm... tentatively on board with the idea. Something star themed, perhaps?"

From there, it's just a quick discussion on *how* you should pull off the exit. No drowning the room in a storm of Grief, since that would *definitely* come off as far too threatening. Dramatic, definitely, but far too threatening to be practical in any way. No loud noises, or sudden movements either.

And so, a few minutes later, you're filing back into the main auditorium, fanning out to face the Tokyo Council once more. You exchange a nod with Akane, flashing her a quick smile before you turn to face the Council proper, Mami and Sayaka flanking you, the rest of your friends fanning out to stand before Chiyoda's presiding dais.

You scan across the rising tiers of seats, of the opulently furnished wood and paintings of the room, across all the magical girls here today. You pick out Kurenai in the crowd, a splash of flame-red hair amidst a riot of colour. She offers up a smile, pleased and relaxed. There too is Kaede, her expression pinched. You try to convey reassurance in your look, an *assurance* that if her sister volunteers, you'll do your best to dissuade her... but you don't know if that comes across as her eyes skitter off yours, avoiding your gaze.

You don't see Taeko anywhere, but there's Renko, self-assured and utterly unbothered.

"Representatives of the Tokyo Council," you call, pitching your voice to carry. "Thank you for your time in hearing us out today, and for placing your trust in the Constellation. We will not let you down, and we hope that the Clear Seed we'll be bringing to Tokyo will help everyone breathe a little easier. We look forward to working with you in the near future, and Mitakihara remains open, for any who would wish to speak to us, or simply to visit a new location. Until then, farewell."

You take a breath, sweeping your gaze across the room once more, and bow deeply. The wind picks up as your friends likewise dip into their own bows, a bloom of gold spreading across the floor, starting from Mami's feet to link to each and every one of you in a radiating, starburst pattern. From Moe spreads shadow, and mixes with a dense fog of Grief from you to create the rich, dark purples you associate with the false colours of interstellar space, of nebulas and stellar cradles alike, a rising fog that shrouds all of you.

Not the delegates, nowhere near, and not even Chiyoda, sitting calmly behind you. You'd warned them, of course, and the rising darkness keeps a perfect circle around them and a sharp border away from the watching girls in the seats above.

As Sayaka sparks lights within the darkness to form stars, you feel Kazumi's magic *twist*.

... and suddenly, you're plummeting out of the sky over Tokyo, the rooftop of a building looming large ahead of you.

You squawk, Grief boiling around you - it'd teleported *with* you, and it's already all around your friends. Mami's already flipping around to land on her feet, golden ribbons lashing out for you. The wind picks up to a roar around you, Mika evidently having the same thought as you to try and *catch* everyone as Sayaka lights up blue to soar upwards and Moe moves to snag Shinobu out of the air and Kazumi suddenly starts falling *upwards* with an ungainly grab for Umika and Niko and your Grief is already *there* and ready to catch everyone, but none of your friends actually *need* it. Mami pulls you to her, ready to catch you, and-

Well, you *could* just arrest your fall with Grief, or with wings. But in that split second as Mami's ribbons reach out to pull you over, well, *really*...

Mami lands on the roof, reeling you in. *Somehow*, you wind up wrapping your arms around her neck as she catches you in her arms, your eyes sparkling up at her. Your friends, likewise, all land safely in their own ways, but that's a distant second thought as you grin up at Mami, eyes sparkling.

"Hi!" you chirp.

Mami laughs happily, squeezing you gently before letting you down on your feet.

"You're *heavy*, Sabrina," she says accusingly.

"Am I really?" you say, trying to pout and failing miserably.

"Not at all," Mami says. She takes a deep breath and beams at everyone - now that you've had a moment to reorient yourself, you realize that you haven't gone far at all - Akane's palace-building is right over there, the next building over to the one you'd all crash-landed on. "That was fantastic, everyone."

"We should try and coordinate these things more for the next time!" Kazumi says happily as she reaches for her Soul Gem. "Ah, Sabrina, could you-"

"Yeah, of course," you say. A flicker of thought is all it takes to set her Grief free once again, ripping forth a streamer of bilious purple.

"I think we did rather well," Mika says, brushing off her robes. "So! What next? I take it we're heading home now?"

**\[] One last thing in Tokyo
\- \[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)
\[] Head home, dropping everyone off!**

\=====​

And we're *finally* on the tail end of this arc! I'm so sorry it took so long, everyone, but we're free. Unfortunately, I will *not* be updating this weekend - I've got work to handle and two interviews next week to prepare for. Ugh.
