# Power Up Pt. 32

"Time to go home," you say, exhaling with a grin as you survey your friends. "We did what we came here for. There are follow-ups to be made and more things to handle in the future, but we *did* it. So yeah, definitely time to go home. Past time to go home, even..."

You pause, cocking your head for a moment.

"Well, unless anyone has anything they want to do in Tokyo?" you amend. "I guess we could stick around a little later for that. Shopping or sightseeing or whatever? I figure the Council knows we're here, so we have that leeway for it, and if anyone has any pressing need to head home I could make a second trip?"

"Eeeenh," Kazumi says. "Not us. Niko's brain is still overheating and if we stick around here too long she's gonna get her instruments and try to measure Miss Toshimichi."

"Huh?" Some life returns to Niko's eyes, apparently prompted by hearing her name, and she blinks at Kazumi for a moment before processing her words. "I would *not*."

"Yes, you would," Umika says, looping an arm around Niko's shoulders. "Remember that incident when we first met?"

"That was *one* time," Niko says.

"How about when you first met Saki?" Umika continues mercilessly.

"That was *also* one time!" Niko whines. "I like knowing things! You know that!"

"There, there, Niko," Kazumi says fondly, planting a kiss on Niko's cheek. "We know, and we love you. Also, you'll definitely tell us all if you figure out anything for sure about Miss Toshimichi, right? Especially Miss Sabrina? She'd want to know, I'm sure."

"Yes, yes," Niko says, nodding and flashing a brief smile at Kazumi. "I will."

"Yeah, I *really* want to know, too," you admit. "I'd love to stick around and talk to them and such, but... nah, next time. Anyway, uh... so does anyone want to stick around Tokyo for a while, or shall we head home?"

"I'm good," Mika says. "I can come here whenever I want myself, anyway."

"Uh..." Shinobu cups her chin. "... nah, I think we're good."

"You sure?" you say, cocking an eyebrow at her.

"I sort of want to pick up a souvenir for Yuki, but eh," Shinobu says. "She'll be coming here again soon enough, anyway. So yeah, I'm sure."

"Alright. Mami, Sayaka?" you prompt, and grin. "I hear there's a big 40k store over at Akiba."

"Nah, I'm good," Sayaka says. "The one back at Mitakihara's just fine. And anyway, I gotta get back home, make sure Homura isn't getting corrupted by Madoka."

"I'm ready to head home too, Sabrina," Mami says, smiling softly at you.

"Alright. Home it is, then!" you say, already starting to form a flight platform and cheerfully ignoring Sayaka's "Ow!" and muttered complaints about her friends being traitors. For *completely unrelated* reasons, you're reminded that you should probably end the call with Madoka and Hitomi, and so you do, bidding them thanks and a fond farewell by telepathy.

Grief seemingly coalesces out of thin air, swirling together to form the outline of your flight platform. You raise the sides to form a proper cabin -it's only proper for a longer flight like this- and add more Grief to form the seats. Easy, familiar motions, the Grief flowing into place with little more than a thought, and hazing from the deep nightmare purples to sky-blue camouflage: all the harder to spot against the clear skies.

You smile as it finishes, and offer Mami a hand up as everyone crowds around, and soon enough, you're on your way home, soaring into the clear skies and the warmth of the late afternoon sun. Happy chatter fills the cabin and the tension drains away, almost a physical presence left behind with Tokyo, receding into a grey smudge on the horizon.

Mami shares a smile with you as she leans her head against your shoulder, satisfaction and joy and delight for the successes today, and you beam back at her. You couldn't have done it without her help - without the help of your friends. You can't help but think of the fact that they did a lot of the face-to-face politicking for you, while you'd gone to talk to Taeko. You don't think that was the wrong decision, but if you hadn't had your friends backing you up, the vote wouldn't have gone nearly as well.

It's not even a long flight back to Fukushima at this point, with the practice you've had shaping the aerodynamics of your flight and how *fast* you can push the flight platform. Japan blurs past beneath you, the stitched patchwork of forests and farmland and roads and villages and cities blending together. Before long, you're descending towards the rooftops, Yuki's tiny, cloaked form emerging out of the concrete ahead of your arrival.

"Welcome back," she says as you guide the platform in for a safe landing. She smiles slightly. "Shinobu and Moe have been keeping me abreast of developments, so I believe congratulations are in order."

"It was a team effort," you say with a grin, nodding at Moe and accepting Shinobu's high-five as they alight. Your hand stings a little, but you ignore it and lean over so that you can talk to Yuki properly. "Not least of all for *your* part in it, Miss Tsuruya, even if you weren't there in person. So thank you, Miss Tsuruya, and Miss Nanami and Miss Nishimura."

Yuki grins at you.

"You've handed me the keys to Tokyo, so, no, I do not accept your thanks," she says, tucking her hands under her cloak. "Thank *you*, Miss Vee." Her gaze flickers over your shoulder to Mika, from whom you can *sense* the radiating smug. "And Miss Nakano, I believe I would like to assist in your development efforts. I am no great economist or educated on the subject, but I feel like my magic is highly relevant. Might we talk later?"

"I was hoping you'd ask!" Mika says cheerfully. "I have my doubts that Tokyo would allow you to flagrantly claim every building, but we *should* see if we can hash out something that they might accept. So yes - we should talk, and see if we can figure out something to discuss between all of us as Constellation sooner rather than later."

"I'll be in touch, then," Yuki says, nodding.

"Don't wreak *too* much economic havoc now," you say, snickering.

"Oh, proper economic havoc takes time to get going, anyway," Mika says. "I'm just planning a few buildings for now."

"Fair enough," you say with a snicker. "Alright. Er, Kazumi, are you getting off here, or do you want me to drop you off back home?"

"Oh, yeah," Kazumi says, beaming. "Just didn't want to get in the way. C'mon, Umika, Niko."

She nudges Niko out, then hops off herself with a scrape of shoes on concrete. She flashes you a cheerful grin, crimson eyes dancing, before turning and offering Umika her hand with a grand flourish. Umika chuckles, accepting the hand and stepping out far more sedately.

"Oh, that's how it is, huh?" you say, narrowing your eyes at Kazumi.

"I have no idea what you're talking about!" Kazumi says, her expression the picture of innocence as she takes Niko and Umika's hands. "Anyway! See you, Mami, Sabrina, Miss Mika!"

"Uh huh," you say. "Well, not like I didn't have plans, anyway. But, uh... right. Before that - Miss Tsuruya, I have an offer for you from the parents of my friends?"

"Oh?" Yuki says, tilting her head curiously.

"Right, yeah - they have some interest in discussing the notion of bulk shipping or courier services via magic with you?" you say. "I told them I'd pass the offer on and make some introductions, if you're interested."

"Ah!" Yuki brightens. "It was something that I had considered before, but without any way of establishing a *legitimate* business front, I decided there was no real way to start something like that. Yes, I would be *most* interested in speaking to your friend's parents. This would be one of your friends you had on the phone today, correct?"

"It would be - Shizuki Hitomi, and her parents, Shizuki Haruka and Ichiro," you say. "I'll let them know you're interested, then, and follow up on that."

"Thank you," Yuki says, nodding. "I look forward to that then."

The conversation pauses for a moment, before she nods decisively.

"Very well," she says. "Was there anything else?"

"No, I don't think so. Mami, Sayaka? Miss Nakano?" Seeing a few headshakes, you continue. "In that case, then, see you all - until next time!"

"Until next time!" Yuki says with a sharp grin. Shinobu lifts her hand in a farewell, Moe mirroring her.

"See you!" Mami waves, smiling at Kazumi as you start to lift into the air, who waves back enthusiastically as Fukushima falls away. Mami settles back at your side with a happy sigh.

"It's been a long day," she muses.

"Yeah, it'll be good to be home," you say. "Next stop, Ishinomaki, then home!"

Mika laughs, now sprawled loose-limbed in the recently vacated space. "I appreciate it," she says. "Though really, after today, I wouldn't mind even if I had to fly home from Mitakihara. It's been a *heck* of a fruitful trip."

She snorts, looking thoughtful.

"Responding to that call from Miss Inoue was one of the best decisions I've made recently, and I've made quite a few good ones, if I do say so myself," she says. "Opportunities galore."

"Well, we're glad to have you on board," you offer with a grin.

"Glad to *be* on board," she says.

The rest of the trip to Ishinomaki you spent in relative silence, though you do take a few minutes to let Hitomi know and make the telepathic introductions. You dip across the coastline for a moment on the final approach to Ishinomaki - it's quite the sight in the late afternoon. Sun-dappled waves sparkle far beneath you, glitter and gold and white-churned froth at the great harbour to the city with distant specks of ships puttering along.

Mika doesn't bother waiting for you to descend to the rooftops, simply standing, moving over to the side of the cabin, and eyeing you with an expectant look. You can't help but laugh as you pull aside the Grief to open the way for her, the howl of wind ripping through your cabin and setting your hair fluttering for a moment - and then Mika throws herself out, the winds swirling around her as she takes flight.

She parallels your course for a moment, robes all but glowing verdant green before she tosses a lazy salute in your direction and peels away, heading towards Ishinomaki proper even as you turn away from the city.

And then there were three: Mami, Sayaka, and you.

But now, you're homeward bound. Home, to Mitakihara. You've only been away for a few hours, but it feels like it's been *forever*, especially with that tantalizing glimpse as it slipped by on the way to Ishinomaki.

**\[x] Dinner out with Mami!
\[] Discuss stuff on the way back?
\- \[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Well, that took too long, both meatspace for me and this update. But hopefully, the worst is over!

Also, this is the opportunity to raise any heavy topics if you want.
