# Power Up Pt. 33

Home, home, home!

Maybe you're being a bit silly, but it feels nice to be headed back to Mitakihara, even if you haven't actually been out of the city for that long. It's been your first real jaunt out for politicking, and it was, overall, a success - not as ideal as you could have hoped for, perhaps, but not a failure by any means, either. You're allowed to look forward to heading home and having a nice evening!

Ishinomaki isn't far from Mitakihara nor Kasamino - near enough to Mitakihara that it's already starting to loom on the horizon, silver spires reaching out to the heavens and throwing back the ruddy orange of the setting sun. Afternoon shading into evening, really. You've made good time today, to your surprise.

Come to think of it, you've gotten everyone else back with enough time that even Kazumi would hopefully get to pick up her dinner plans with her girlfriends, too.

Sayaka blows out a breath, cracking an eye open. She's been half-dozing most of the trip back, apparently tired - which you can't exactly blame her for. She's been maintaining awareness of two locations at once, keeping an eye on everything during the hobnobbing in Tokyo *and* back home.

"Y'know," Sayaka mutters. "Something's bothering me a little?"

"Yeah?" you say, shifting so you can glance at Sayaka without bumping Mami off your side.

"Miss Sugahara," Sayaka says, leaning back and hooking her arm over the backrest. "The girl who was worried about her sister?"

"... what about her?" you say. Sugahara Kaede, who worried about her sister metaphorically running off and joining the army - joining *you*, against Walpurgisnacht.

"Just stuck in my mind, I suppose," Sayaka says. "We're on this path because we want to make lives better for people, and that inspires others to join us. And that should be a *good* thing. Right?"

"Ah, yeah," you say, exhaling slowly. "It stuck with me too. I mean... I can't say our path is gonna be the safest one in the world, you know? We've had it pretty good so far, but it can't last forever. If people join us, they're walking into danger with us. It's just... yeah. They *are* walking into danger with us, however much we can stack the cards on our side. And I just..."

You trail off into a morose silence. You'd promised Miss Sugahara that you'd talk to her sister if she volunteered, but you can't expect to account for *every* case like this.

"... yeah," Sayaka mutters, shaking her head. "Sorry, I didn't mean to bring the mood down, it just stuck in my mind."

"Nah, it hit me too," you say with a sigh. "I suppose we'll cross that bridge when we get to it."

"In a way, it's better that Miss Sugahara did come to us today," Mami says. "Imagine if we hadn't known, and she found out that her sister had, mm, run away to join us? That would have been far uglier."

"That's true," you say, beaming at Mami. "I wish it wasn't the case at all, but... yeah. Maybe they'll talk it out? That would be nice."

"Doesn't sound very likely," Sayaka grumbles. "Not with our luck. But it *would* be nice."

She shakes herself, stretching and popping her spine with a wince.

"Why do I get achey?" she grumbles. "We're magical girls, and I'm a *clone*. I shouldn't get achey. Anyway. Drop me off at Hitomi's? We're all still there, and... ah, right, Hitomi told me to ask if you want to come and hang out too? We're probably going to do dinner soon."

"Ah... I'd love to, but I've got plans with Mami for this evening?" you say, smiling. "Give everyone my regards, and... wait, does that include Homura?"

Mami gives you a curious look out of the corner of her eye.

"Can do, and yeah, Homura's coming along too," Sayaka says. "Why?"

"Tease her a bit for me, then," you say, nodding with satisfaction. "Since I won't be there."

"Can do, o fearless leader," Sayaka says, throwing you a lazy salute. "But you should know that if Homura complains I'm throwing you under the bus."

"Yeah, I expected you to, anyway," you say with a grin, before softening a little. "But don't be too hard on her, yeah? It's... Look, you know what she's like. If she's, y'know, actually hanging out without prompting and without me hovering, then that's *good*. Just make her feel welcome?"

"Yeah, yeah, I know," Sayaka says, waving it off. "I know. She's my friend too, and you don't have to tell me how to treat her."

"Good," you say. "Thanks, Sayaka."

She rolls her eyes, but she's smiling. The conversation lapses there, falling into a comfortable silence, and by the time you reach Hitomi's building, Sayaka's dozed off again.

She yawns as you nudge her awake.

"I should've just gotten you to deliver the powers back to me," she mutters as she stands, rolling her shoulders. "Think I know why Koizumi didn't pull this sort of stunt with her clones. It's kinda draining after a while. Mentally, I mean, not my Soul Gem. Been keeping an eye on that."

"I guess that makes sense," you say with a frown. "I'll keep an eye on that next time."

"Hmm?" Sayaka says. "Oh, nah, nah, I'm fine. It's not bad at all, just a stamina thing. I think? Might be the distance, I need to check. Doesn't mean I'm not up for doing this sort of thing."

"Right, gotcha," you say, nodding. "Well... know your own limits, yeah?"

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says, walking over to the edge of the platform with a swish of her cloak. "See you, and have fun!"

"You too," you say.

"Give everyone my best," Mami says with a smile.

Sayaka salutes, and lets herself tip backwards out of the platform. A moment later, blue magic sparks from somewhere beneath you, signaling her safe fall.

"Was she this much of a drama queen before?" you muse, already turning the platform home.

"I don't think so," Mami says thoughtfully. "But I only knew her for a little bit of time before you came in, Sabrina. So I believe I shall simply conclude that you've been a bad influence on all of us."

"Guilty as charged," you say with a laugh. "A bad influence, that's me. Getting everyone to work together and understand the true importance of *Presentation*, as my dear Lady Tomoe would decree."

"I decreed no such thing!" Mami says, sniffing haughtily and sticking her nose in the air.

"Perhaps not out loud," you say loftily. "But as you know, actions speak louder than words."

"I suppose I can't deny that," Mami concedes, and cuddles back against your side, tugging your arm to drape around her shoulders. After a moment, she speaks again. "So, we have plans for this evening?"

"We do!" you say. "The first step of which is that we're heading home and changing to something nice, maybe..." You glance at the sun. "Rest for a bit, too."

"Oh," Mami says. She gives this some thought, then nods decisively, her eyes dancing with amusement. "Alright."

**\[] Just enjoy dinner
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Alrighty. Shorter update this time - I'm experimenting with getting myself back into a more regular once-a-week update schedule, since I've gotten a bit more breathing room meatspace-side.

Next update will be the date, and also, Chouko will *finally* call back about the Tome group!
