# Power Up Pt. 34

It doesn't take you long to get home, and you and Mami practically skip down the stairs, hand in hand. You feel like Mami might have an idea of what your plans are, but you don't see how that could possibly be the case. You've been completely subtle and extremely secretive about where you're headed, after all.

Still, she *does* seem to be looking forward to it, sneaking you little smiles as you jostle to be the first to unlock the door. Mami gets her key out first, but you block the keyhole with Grief as you pull out your own, only to find your arm swinging wide of the door as a ribbon wraps around your wrist and yanks.

You stare at Mami, and she stares right back, her key held pointedly at the ready.

"Oh, fine, I give," you say, huffing and unblocking the keyhole.

"Mmm?" Mami hums, in turn giving you a clueless, curious look.

"Nothing, I'm sure," you say. Your facade cracks after a moment and you snicker, leaning in to press a kiss to Mami's cheek.

Mami sashays past you and into the apartment with a dignified, utterly smug little grin.

"I'm back\~" she calls, and flicks the lights on with one hand, bent over to remove her shoes with the other.

"Welcome back," you say warmly - but you're not the only one to respond. A chirruping caw echoes from within the apartment, and a flutter of wings precedes the emergence of Mugin from somewhere inside the apartment.

You laugh, holding up your hand for him to alight upon.

"Yes, yes, we're back," you tell the bird. "Good to see you too, Mugin."

Mami giggles, reaching out to rub gently behind his head.

"Considering that we left a window open for him, I suppose this is home, too," she says. "I'll go get him some bread."

"Not too much," you say. "Bread is a sometimes food for birds?"

Mami nods and departs for the kitchen, a bounce in her step as you settle Mugin down on the coffee table, and yourself on the sofa. Maybe you should put up some proper perches and such, if he's going to be this much of a fixture. And you're *definitely* glad that Sayaka talked to Mugin about house-training. Not having bird droppings everywhere is a definite plus, thank you very much. Though really, you wonder if Sayaka had to do much more than explain that the *entire* house was considered a nest, and that it should be kept clean?

... you take a moment to clean the apartment while you're here, a blizzard of Grief nanoparticles sweeping through the room to collect the dust and wipe away grease. It doesn't take too long, and it barely takes any more effort to chase the dust bunnies from underneath the furniture and cobwebs off the ceiling. You don't find any droppings, either.

"Weren't we going to change, Sabri-" Mami bustles back from the kitchen, a handful of breadcrumbs in hand -the fancy stuff you use for breading cutlets, even- and pauses, cocking her head to the side as she surveys the room. "... did you do something?"

"Did a bit of clean-up," you say, holding your arms out. "And, well, yes, but we can sit down for a bit! We've had a long day."

"Ah, I see," Mami says. She sets the offering of bread on the table, then obliges your silent request, plopping down on the sofa beside you for a hug. "I still don't know what our mysterious evening plans might be, of course."

"Of course," you agree solemnly. "But I thank you for indulging me."

"Of course," Mami echos, equally as solemn and serious. She relaxes, leaning bonelessly into both your arms and the sofa. "Ahh. It *has* been a long day, hasn't it?"

"It has," you say.

The conversation lapses for a few minutes, as the both of you simply luxuriate in the peace. Mugin seems to sense the mood somehow, pecking quietly at the bounty of breadcrumbs with little chirrups.

All too soon, you have to get moving again, and you stretch.

"You go change first?" you offer.

"Ah, alright," Mami says, nodding. "How nicely should I dress?"

"Well, drawing a totally random example with no basis in our actual plans, you should dress as if you're going to a French restaurant. Fancy but not *fancy* fancy," you say. "Purely hypothetically, of course. And, of course, I'd note, from a strictly assumptive standpoint, that I'm sorry, I couldn't make a reservation anywhere nicer without a credit card."

"Ah, I see," Mami says. Her eyes dance with amusement, the corner of her lips twitching into a smile she tries in vain to stifle. "What a curiously specific but useful example. I shall endeavour to follow your guidelines, and, if it were actually the case, chide you for being silly."

"It is my preogative to be silly," you say haughtily, sticking your nose into the air.

*That* lasts for as long as it takes for Mami to lean in and press a kiss to your cheek, of course, and you grin at her as she stands.

"I won't take long," she promises.

"We're not in that much of a rush," you say. You glance at the clock, nod decisively, and beam at Mami. "Yeah, not much of a rush."

"Alright," Mami says. She heads off to the bedroom with a spring in her step, and you can't help but smile as you watch her go.

"It's the little things," you tell Mugin.

"Caw." Mugin flutters over to you, abandoning the remains of the breadcrumbs to land on your knee and butt his head insistently against your hand. You snicker, and oblige with careful scritches as you flick on the television to the news channel, keeping an ear out for any major occurrences.

"Oh, is there anything interesting happening?" Mami emerges from the bedroom, looking amazing in a modestly cut spaghetti dress of pale green, cinched in at her waist and flaring into multi-layered skirt, the outermost layers translucent and styled to almost seem as if they're floating. She's left her hair in those distinct drills, but swapped her usual hair clips for fancier ones with blue gems winking at their centers. A gentle touch of makeup doesn't quite manage to hide the trace of nervousness in her eyes, and nor does she quite manage to not fiddle with the matching purse hanging over her shoulder.

"You look absolutely gorgeous, Mami," you say, remembering how to speak after a moment. You stand and meet her halfway, taking her hands. "I can only hope to look half as good as you do."

"Oh, you," Mami says. That nervousness dissolves, replaced with a simple delight and a bright, beaming smile that you can't help but share too, a warmth that goes beyond the physical. "Thank you, Sabrina."

"Always," you say. "But now - my turn!"

You squeeze her hands again before letting go and hurrying to the bedroom to change. You only have the one nice dress, of course, that one velvet dress you'd bought when shopping with Mami and the Asunaro girls, but it's a *very* nice dress. Mami definitely seemed to agree back when you were trying it out, and really, that's the only opinion that matters.

It's a sleek thing of deep, shimmering blue, a touch lighter than your coat, with a nice pleated skirt falling to your mid thigh, and it does suit you rather well, you think. And since this *is* a special occasion, you raid the makeup kit you'd bought - nothing extravagant, that's not your style, but just a light touch. Lotion, primer, foundation, a bit of blush, and... you hesitate for a moment, squinting at yourself in the mirror before reaching for the neutral eyeshadow, then white mascara.

... this *is* the first time you're really going out properly with Mami. You're allowed to want to look nice!

You look at yourself in the mirror one last time -you're not sure whether the mascara really added much?- and nod decisively to yourself, then turn and stride towards the living room.

Mami's eyes snap up to you, and widen a moment later, the smile on her face softening as she stands and walks over to you. Her gaze never leaves yours until she stops in front of you to give you a once over.

You blush under her attention, and Mami laughs, soft and melodic and delighted.

"Oh, Sabrina," she says, beaming at you. "You look *absolutely wonderful*. I feel a little underdressed, beside you."

"I- ah?" you shake yourself, and smile at her. "That can't be right. *I* need the help so I can stand beside you and not look plain."

Mami regards you for a moment, and shakes her head ruefully.

"We'll agree to disagree," she says, and takes your arm. "Shall we?"

"We shall!" you say.

It takes a bit of maneuvering and a bit of awkwardness to make it out of the apartment, especially as Mami seems disinclined to let go of your elbow even for vital tasks such as putting on her shoes, but you manage, somehow. You even find the time to give Mugin another gentle scritch before heading out. Even so, you wind up hesitating at the door.

"Mm?" Mami gives you a curious look.

"Well..." you hum thoughtfully. "We *could* take public transport. Or I could fly us there?"

"Mmm... not public transport, I think," Mami says. "Not at this hour, on a *Sunday*."

"Point," you say. "Up to the roof, then."

"Mm," Mami hums in agreement. "But not flight tonight, I think?"

"Roofhopping?" you say.

"I'm in the mood to stretch my legs, I think. If it's not too far?" Mami says. She nudges you towards the elevator, and you oblige, reaching out with Grief to press the button before you even get there. "It'll be a bit of a shame to transform so soon, but... we'll have the rest of dinner in our nice clothes!"

"... it won't affect our makeup or anything, will it?" you venture. "I mean, I don't... think it would? And no, definitely not too far to roofhop to it."

"Oh, no, I just meant that we'd be wearing our costumes until we arrive," Mami says. "That's all."

You snicker.

"Well, it'll only be a few minutes," you say. "So, up we go!"

It only takes you a few minutes to head up to the roof, taking the elevator up to the top floor then ducking into the stairs. Twinned flares of light herald your transformations, and then you're off across the rooftops. There *is* something to be said about the sheer exhilaration of bounding over rooftops, you can't help but think. The long shadows thrown ahead of you by the rosy glow of the setting sun, the roar of Mitakihara beneath you, snatched away by the wind rushing through your hair, the slight burn of exertion in your muscles as you push off the roof and throw yourself across the chasm between buildings...

Yeah, Mami had a point, it's *nice* to stretch your legs like this, an exultation that just flying with your Grief platform doesn't quite capture. Some instinct has you glancing at Mami, only to find her already looking back at you. You both smile, and speed onwards.

It doesn't take you long to arrive downtown, descending from the rooftops and joining the crowds of people with Mami taking your arm once more. People throng through the streets, and for once, you don't stand out much, just one more couple going out for dinner on Sunday. You still get looks for your height and your appearance, but here in downtown Mitakihara, awash in colour and noise and painted in hues of ruddy orange by the evening sun and streetlights beginning to wink on, you pass unremarked. You're not even the tallest person around today, which shouldn't really be a surprise given that you've *met* Tomohisa.

... you're still one of the tallest people around, though.

You keep an eye on Mami as you head in through a crowded shopping center at the base of a massive building complex, then direct her to the elevator. Not quite to the top, but certainly one of the upper floors, and with your attention on her, you spot the moment her expression lights up when she realizes your destination.

"Really, Sabrina?" she asks, laughing slightly as she nudges your arm.

"Yes, really," you say, smiling at her. "I hope you like Italian food?"

"It's not the *only* kind of food I like, you know," Mami says. But there's a laugh on her lips and a delighted look in her eyes, so you're *entirely* too pleased with your decision anyway. "I will concede to a fondness for Italian food, however."

"Then I hope it doesn't disappoint," you say with equal gravitas, then add, *sotto voce*, "This was the nicest place I could find that would take a reservation *without* a credit card."

"I'm looking forward to it," Mami says, beaming at you.

"Then let's head in!" you say, and so you do. Thankfully, your reservation's good. Well, not that you'd expected otherwise, you'd only made it a few days ago. It's crowded tonight, the restaurant seemingly near occupancy, conversation and the clinking of cutlery filling the air. You take in the restaurant as you follow the waiter in, modern art decor and tasteful carpet and soft shadows cast by incandescent bulbs blending together into smooth harmony, decorative, off-kilter steel poles to weave around as the waiter leads you to a corner table, by the window.

And since you can't possibly pass up the opportunity, you take two quick, darting steps to get ahead of the waiter and pull out the chair for Mami with a grand flourish, beaming at her as she blushes and daintily takes her seat.

You settle into the seat opposite her, beaming at Mami and glancing out the floor-to-ceiling window. You're high up enough to overlook a breathtaking view of Mitakihara, a blaze of light sparking to life in defiance of the encroaching night. Sadly, you don't have a good view of the sunset, but it's nevertheless a glorious sight, and when you turn back to Mami, you find that she's looking instead at you with a warm, thoughtful look.

"Something on my face?" you ask, smiling at her.

"No, just thinking," she says, shaking her head with an answering smile. "You know you don't have to do this sort of thing, right, Sabrina? I'd have been just as happy to have a nice evening at home, or even with our friends."

"I know," you say. "But I want to. You deserve nice things, Mami, and I *want* to do nice things for you. And... it's not like I don't enjoy this, either."

"Thank you, Sabrina," Mami says warmly, reaching across the table to rest her hand over yours. "But I just... wanted you to know that we don't *have* to, that's all. And that I'll plan the next one."

You blink, feeling like you've been verbally judo-flipped. Then you laugh, turning your hand over so you can interlace your fingers.

"Alright, you've got the next one," you say fondly.

"Good!" Mami says happily. "Now, shall we order? It smells so good in here, it's making me hungry!"

"It does," you say with an almost-groan. The air is rich with garlic and herbs and something deep and nutty. "We should steal their recipes."

"We'll see\~" Mami says, giggling as she flips open the menu.

Neither of you are all *that* hungry, especially not after grazing at the buffet spread in Tokyo, and so you wind up agreeing to skip the starter to save room for dessert - and this place isn't so fancy that they'd look askance at you for doing it 'wrong', anyway. You settle back with a happy sigh, beaming at Mami.

Her expression softens after a moment as she looks at you.

"... something on your mind, Mami?" you prompt.

"No, just..." Mami shakes her head. "Just thinking how lucky I am. That everything... well. I'm so lucky, Sabrina, I... *I* am. To know you. I don't... really like to think about how badly things could have gone, had we met differently. I'm *happy* now. To be *with* you, Sabrina, and to be friends with everyone else."

You reach for her hand once more, curling your fingers together with hers. Mami's eyes drift down to your joined hands, then back up to your face, warmth replacing pensive contemplation.

"I'm alright, Sabrina," Mami says, smiling. "I am. Just thoughtful, after..." She trails off with a little shrug.

It takes you a moment to make the connection. After talking to Homura, she means. After Homura revealed the secret of her magic, of her wish - neither of which Mami voices out loud, to keep Homura's secret, but it's something that nevertheless weighed on her mind, it would seem.

"We can talk about it more when we get home?" you say, smiling gently as you trust Mami to pick up on the offer of pulling up your privacy construct to interdict any conversation fully. "But well-"

Mami's already shaking her head, her smile unflagging.

"I meant it," she says. "I'm alright, Sabrina, and I'm happy. I truly am. Reflective, but happy." She giggles slightly, her thumb tracing over the back of your hand, and she gives you an inquisitive look. "What were you going to say?"

"OK," you say, squeezing her hand. "I was going to say that *I'm* the lucky one to have the opportunity to be with you, because, well... I meant it too, when I said that *you* were the one who helped me see that I could have... *more* than just my mission in life. That there *is* more to me than that."

"I'm glad," Mami says, her smile turning gentle. "I'm glad I can do that for you."

Of course, that's when your orders arrive, the waiter clearing his throat with an embarrassed look. You exchange a look with Mami and laugh, sitting back so that you can be served.

---

- [ ] Any particular subjects to raise over dinner?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)
- [ ] Just keep going

---

... OK, this update just kept growing and I had to cut it off *somewhere*. Consider this one a bit of a transitional chapter. *Next* update will be Chouko calling. I was considering having it be in the middle of dinner, but... eh.
