# Power Up Pt. 35

You catch Mami's eye across the table, and you share a swift, private little smile with her, just between the two of you even as the waiter sets down your main courses. You thank the waiter as he departs, meet Mami's gaze again, and completely fail to stifle the giggles bubbling in your throat, bright, simple joy that you'd never really thought to *have* until Mami simply gave it to you.

Mami laughs too, clear and bold and unashamed.

"Oh, Sabrina," she says fondly.

"Don't you 'Oh, Sabrina' me," you say, beaming back in response. "You're the one who inspires it in me."

"Hm..." Mami taps her chin in consideration. "No, that can't be right. You were definitely you before I met you."

"You can't prove that," you say, nodding firmly, and beam at Mami. "Besides. That may be true, but as we've just established, I might have been me before you met me, but I'm not sure I would be *me* without you. I'd be... mm. I'd be just... my mission. To *help*. Everyone, everywhere. And that's not *bad*, I suppose, but... it's not the healthiest thing in the world, really."

You suppose that an unkind comparison for that attitude would be Homura. Homura, who focused so hard on saving Madoka, who turned it into the focus of her entire life and being. Who, once upon a never, turned on it so hard she tore Madoka from the heavens to save her, and even now, even with you trying to help her, barely believes that she deserves to spend time with her friends, and with Madoka. And, well, if you're right about Madoka's Wish being your genesis, then you'd cheerfully

But then again, she's having dinner with them right now, and *you* are having dinner with Mami!

"You were the one who inspired me to be just *me*. And besides," you say, your grin softening to something gentler as you pick up the thread of conversation again. "I... I *like* you just the way you are, Mami, confident and happy and... *luminous*. And... maybe you needed some help to get there, but it's *you*. It's always been you."

You'll take Mami's blush as a point in your favour.

"Anyway!" you say cheerfully. "Shall we eat?"

Mami takes a deep breath.

"Thank you, Sabrina. I... I'm glad, Sabrina," she says, the slightly stunned blush fading a little. "However, you're right. Let's not let our food get cold!"

And with that, you dig in. You'd dithered for too long over the lasagna before deciding that even if it *is* lasagna al pesto instead of the usual ragù-based lasagna, you *just* had that yesterday and finally settled on the chicken cacciatore - chicken seared, then braised in a lovely wine sauce.

You savour the first taste, dipping the crusty bread into the sauce and popping it into your mouth. It *is* remarkably good, you will concede, though you think you could probably do better.

"May I?" Mami asks. She smiles at you, holding her fork out towards your plate in question.

"Nooo*ooooooo*okay, but only if I can try some of yours," you say, beaming back at her and nudging your plate over so she can reach it more easily.

Mami laughs, responding in kind, and you proceed to steal a forkfull of her dinner - tagliatelle al ragù, broad, soft noodles smothered with what's known in most places outside of Italy as bolognese sauce.

"We should come here again another time," Mami decides after a thoughtful moment full of chewing and careful consideration.

"... yeah, we should," you agree, and then laugh. "You know, I had to talk myself down from a picnic on the moon?"

Mami blinks.

"We'll save that for a special occasion," Mami says after a moment, her smile widening.

"We will," you say. "Though I'm worried that the atmosphere won't be the same."

"That's *terrible*, Sabrina," Mami says cheerfully. "But the company will be perfect, here, or on the moon, or at home."

"W-well, I-" you stutter. You feel your cheeks heating up. "Um. Thank you."

Rather than try and top *that*, you proceed to stuff your face with bread. Tasty bread dipped in lovely, rich wine sauce with chunks of nicely seared chicken and vegetables and perfectly cooked and it doesn't help at all, you can *feel* the blush going all the way up to your ears as Mami giggles and digs in to her own dinner.

And that's how you spend the rest of dinner, chatting and teasing and *relaxing* over good food with Mami. The restaurant fills up a little more over the course of your meal, but it never gets so crowded as to be bothersome, a pleasant background hum of distant conversation that never really encroaches on your little bubble.

Eventually, you both finish, comfortably sated after splitting a panna cotta with Mami for dessert, and sit back with a happy sigh, waving down the waiter to ask for the bill. You share a smile with Mami as you both relax.

"It's a good thing we don't have to worry about our waistlines," you says, patting your belly as you lean back in your chair.

Mami giggles.

"It *is*. Kyouko's living proof, after all," she agrees. "And as much as it seems we'll be travelling and meeting new people, well... food *is* a nearly universal way of welcoming people."

"True!" you agree, then tilt your head. "Huh. Wonder where she and Yuma went off to, actually. I mean, they obviously weren't home when we got back."

Which, in retrospect, might have made things a little awkward, but... even if it *were* awkward - she's your friend. You think. It's a work in progress. More importantly, she's *Mami's* friend, estranged or not, and those bridges *are* mending.

"She's always been a bit restless even before... you know. I don't think I've seen her sit still for more than half an hour at a time," Mami says, tilting her head in consideration. "I would have been surprised *to* see her at home, really. I suppose she went out to look around the city?"

"Yeah, I guess that's true," you say.

"She'll be back," Mami says. "She's... abrasive, but she's not a bad person."

"I know," you say, returning the smile. Even now, even after how Kyouko had hurt Mami, she cares. On the flip side of the coin, you know that Kyouko must care, too, considering that she agreed to come live in Mami's apartment. And that, right there, is all the reason you need to help them patch things over properly.

Mami's expression softens. Maybe she gleans some of your thoughts from your face. Goodness knows you've never really bothered to hide them from her. And certainly you could make a joke about not having anything to hide on that front, but... really, you mean it. You have your secrets, but you don't *want* to hide anything from Mami.

"Thank you," she murmurs.

"For you, the world, Mami," you say.

Mami's cheeks tint red as she returns your smile, warm and gentle. You hold her gaze with your own, a wordless promise of eternity... and then you're forced to look away with a mutual laugh as you notice the waiter approaching with the bill. He looks between the two of you, dithering for a moment before setting it down in front of Mami.

You blink.

"Eh? Wait, I'll get i-" you start, but it's far too late as Mami hands him her credit card already, so you simply wilt instead.

"You'll need to be faster than that to defeat me," Mami says smugly.

"Oh, I wouldn't dream of it," you say with a laugh. "Can't blame a girl for trying, though."

"Perhaps not," Mami says, smiling. "And I certainly wouldn't blame *you* for trying, Sabrina."

"Well, that's good, because I'm not going to," you say.

"Good!" Mami says happily. "Now- ah, thank you."

The waiter returns with Mami's credit card and the receipt, which Mami inspects carefully before standing.

"Shall we, Sabrina?" she asks.

"Yup!" you say.

Mami takes your arm once more as you head out of the restaurant. Neither of you are in a hurry, and neither of you make a move to leap up to the rooftops, lazy and content to take a slow walk together as you step into the evening air. Here and now, with chill on the wind and the velvet darkness of the night beaten back by the glow of the streetlamps, with the roar of traffic and buzz of the crowds and most importantly, with Mami snuggled in against your side as you meander onwards, you feel at peace.

More than that, you feel *happy*. Happy in a way you never thought you could be. All too soon, you'll be busy again, running around from fire to fire and wrangling people, but this is enough. More than enough.

Of course, it doesn't last all that long. You're just about halfway home, crossing a street, when you feel a telepathic presence in the back of your mind.

"*Miss Sabrina? Is this a bad time?*" It takes a moment to place the voice - Tsubaki Chouko, of the University Group. She doesn't sound particularly worried, so you're not too concerned either.

Mami does give you a look, though, smiling curiously at you. Her expression flickers before you can respond, quirking into an amused grin before she presses a finger to your lips.

"No," she says. "Bad Sabrina. No apologizing."

You pout at her.

"Of course you weren't," she says airily. "In any case, I was *curious*, not annoyed."

"Miss Tsubaki, from the University Group," you say. "A couple days ago, I asked if she was willing to check in on her friend, and the Tome group by extension?"

"Ah," Mami says, smiling and squeezing your arm. "Well, you'd better get back to her, then."

"Alright," you say, smiling and laying your hand over hers. And sure, you have multitasking enough to have talked to Chouko while talking to Mami, but... Mami deserves better than that. And she would notice, to boot, and you're sure she would completely understand, but *Mami deserves better than that*.

"*Ah, Miss Tsubaki?*" you respond, finally. "*Apologies for the delay, I was handling some important matters. How are you?*"

"*I'm quite well, thank you,*" Chouko says. "*I... no, I should be the one apologizing. It took me a while to work up the nerve to talk to Fukui again.*"

"*Oh,*" you say. "*Well... in that case, may *I* apologize for putting you in that position?*"

"*You may *not*,*" Chouko says, her tone cracking like a whip. "*I agreed to it, *and* it was long overdue. The only reason I hadn't was cowardice on my part.*"

"*... I... er,*" you say. You *might* be a bit taken aback. "*Right. Erm, well, I hope it went well?*"

"*It did,*" Chouko says. "*In any case, you wanted me to make introductions, correct? Would now be a good time?*"

You take a moment to recall what you knew of Fukui. A friend and former teammate of Tsubaki Chouko, apparently having drifted apart as Fukui left the Tohoku University group after the death of a mutual friend. You'd wanted to get in touch with Fukui as part of your outreach, since as far as you know, she'd moved to Tome, up north of Ishinomaki, and at the very least, you seem to have rekindled their friendship by proxy? You hope?

**\[] Just give your standard spiel - cleansing, Clear Seeds
\- \[] Raise the matter of Walpurgisnacht
\- \[] Mention the Constellation
\-- \[] In what context?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

This has been put off for *far* too long. >\_>
