# Power Up Pt. 36

You glance at Mami, who smiles encouragingly at you and squeezes your elbow gently. You beam back at her, pleased and vaguely guilty and just a touch overwhelmed in equal measure - sometimes, it feels like no matter how much you've done for Mami, you don't do *nearly* enough for how much she cares, how much she *understands*. That she's perfectly happy to let you take what amounts to a business call even at a time like this.

You beam back at her, covering her hand with yours to squeeze gently.

"*Now *would* be a good time! Though... mm, there's something I'd like to raise with you first?*" you say to Chouko. "*It shouldn't take long, but if Miss Kazue's waiting we can get to her first?*"

"*Ah... no, it should be fine?*" Chouko says, sounding confused. "*Is something up?*"

"*Well, I'm... not sure if you've heard, but I've... sort of started an organization? It's a semi-formal thing - a mutual defense pact and a way for us to reach out to others, to make contact with new groups and offer our help, that sort of thing,*" you explain. "*Any involvement is entirely voluntary even within the group, of course, so really we're mostly just a group of friends. I don't suppose you'd be interested in joining?*"

"*Uh...*" Chouko says, audibly taken aback. "*We'll... think about it?*"

"*I don't need an answer anytime soon,*" you hastily reassure her. "*And it's perfectly fine if you're not interested! It doesn't change the Clear Seed I gave you guys and stuff either. I just thought I'd extend the offer, since, well... you were practically the first group outside of Mitakihara that I really *worked* with in any real capacity?*"

"*I'm not saying no, Miss Sabrina,*" Chouko says, some steel entering her voice. "*I just hadn't thought about it before, that's all. Will you be extending the offer to Fukui, by the way?*"

Movement in the corner of your eye is Mami tilting her head to glance at you, smiling slightly. You quirk an eyebrow right back, only for Mami to giggle and pat your arm in a vaguely consoling way. You huff, amused despite yourself, and Mami's smile widens.

"*Ah, right, sorry,*" you say. "*I'd be happy to answer any questions you might have? And as to your other question - no, or at least, not immediately. While I'm not opposed in principle to anyone joining, I don't... know her? Or her team?*"

"*That makes sense,*" Chouko says. "*I'll discuss the notion with my team, then get back to you - we'll definitely want more details.*"

"*Yeah, that's completely fine,*" you say. "*I just wanted to make the offer, since, well, you're some of the earliest friends I made outside of Mitakihara.*"

"*Well... thank you!*" Chouko says.

There's a moment's lull in the conversation, you and Mami crossing the road under the aegis of a traffic light, the glare of headlights throwing wide a dozen shadows. Just another couple out on a Sunday night, Mami's hand on your elbow a reassurance and promise both. That even if you couldn't split your attention, she'd bring you home safely.

"*Ah, anyway, uh... that's what I wanted to ask you,*" you say before the pause can get *too* awkward. "*So, um, about Miss Kazue?*"

"*Right, yes!*" Chouko says. You can feel the vague relief radiating from her end of the telepathic conversation. "*I can introduce you to her right now if you want?*"

"*Please and thank you!*" you say.

"*Then one moment, please,*" Chouko says.

You find yourself humming cheerfully as the mental connection lapses, presumably while Chouko checks in on her hopefully-not-so-estranged friend. Another introductory pitch hadn't been on your schedule, especially not after Tokyo, but given Chouko's lack of urgency or concern, you're not expecting any trouble to come up there, either, which leaves the rest of your evening free to enjoy with Mami - who seems to sense your thoughts, shooting you a smile as you continue to amble along the crowded sidewalk, unhurried and relaxed as you head home.

"*Miss Sabrina?*" Your attention returns to the telepathic conversation as Chouko speaks again - and you can feel her including another presence, too. "*Ah... this is Kazue Fukui. Fukui, this is Sabrina Vee.*"

"*Hello!*" Fukui says. Her voice is a pleasant soprano, a musical lilt even to her mental voice even as she tries to stay reserved. "*I've heard a lot about you, Miss Vee, and it's very nice to make your acquaintance at last.*"

"*You have?*" you say, a little surprised despite yourself. "*Ah, it's nice to meet you, Miss Kazue.*"

"*Chouko told me about you helping them,*" Fukui says. "*And I'm glad for that! And even if you hadn't, you've been making waves recently, *and* we're only a little north of Mitakihara, anyway.*"

"*I'll leave you to it,*" Chouko says.

"*Thanks for the introduction!*" you blurt hastily, and just in time as you sense her presence withdrawing. "*... uh, right. Right, yes, that does make sense, Miss Kazue.*"

"*And if I may, I *am* glad you helped Chouko out,*" Fukui says, her tone quieter. "*I... things are... awkward, but I'm glad she's alright. For that, I'm grateful.*"

"*I'm glad to have helped,*" you say. You try to project reassurance across the telepathic call, trying to project a warm smile that you can feel reflected on your face.

"*Thank you,*" she says, pausing for a heartbeat before continuing. "*That said, I doubt this is just a social call, Miss Vee?*"

"*Well... kind of, yeah,*" you say. "*I just wanted to offer my help, if *you* need it. Did Miss Tsubaki tell you about my magic? Or, er, have you heard about my magic, I suppose. Or about Clear Seeds?*"

"*She did - your magic is to control Grief, and you can do true cleansing,*" Fukui says. "*But I haven't heard about Clear Seeds, no?*"

"*Ah! Well, it's... well, Grief Seeds contain Grief. Tautological, I know,*" you say, huffing a self-deprecating laugh. "\*But I control Grief, and it turns out that I can empty a Grief Seed far, *far* past the point where it would be even if freshly obtained from a Witch, you know? Enough that one *should* last a magical girl years if not \*decades *of normal use.*"

"*Oh,*" Fukui says. "*I... suppose that makes logical sense?*"

"*Well... I'm offering Clear Seeds for people who want it,*" you say. "*Cleansing as well, as you've presumably heard?*"

"*I have,*" Fukui says. "*And your conditions are... essentially, that we 'play nice', correct?*"

"*Pretty much, yes,*" you say. "*I ask that you don't use the excess of magic to attack others, and that you help others in need if you find them - or at least direct them to me. And that's the only real condition I put on it, if you want a Clear Seed, or even just my help with cleansing and so on.*"

"*I see,*" Fukui says neutrally. "*That does largely fit with what I've heard.*"

Mami shifts her grip on your elbow, nudging and guiding you insistently until she can take your hand, interlacing your fingers and squeezing gently. You blink, giving her a curious look, but she just smiles enigmatically, swinging your hands with a cheerful air as she turns pointedly forward.

You huff, a helpless grin spreading across your face. The crowds are starting to thin out now as you head away from the heart of the city - though given that this is *Mitakihara*, that's a relative term. It just means that the crowds are thin enough that you're not squeezed right up against Mami, that the occasional fresh breeze sneaks by, that conversation doesn't have to be shouted over the roar of people.

"*So, with that said - that's my offer,*" you say after a moment. "*I'd be happy to give you a Clear Seed for you and your team's use, without any further strings attached. I'd also be guaranteeing the safety of the Clear Seed, as it were. If anyone tries to *steal* a Clear Seed, I and my friends will come down on them like a ton of bricks. I'm entirely aware of the amount of harm someone could do with unlimited magic, and I *can't* let them become disputed items.*"

"*That's *very* generous, Miss Vee,*" Fukui says. "*It's...*" She pauses, apparently trying to find the words. "*I don't... I'm sorry, I don't mean any offense, but I'm kind of at a loss for words or a decision? It's a *lot*. It's not that I don't trust you, not after you helped Chouko, but... it's a lot to take in, that's all.*"

"*Ah, sorry,*" you say, frowning slightly. You may have overestimated her composure? She seemed like she was following along well enough until you'd actually pitched the offer to her. "*That said, well, there's *absolutely* no rush in making a decision on the Clear Seed. You don't need to decide now, and the offer will always be open?*"

"*That does help, thank you,*" Fukui says.

"*And... if it helps, I have... one and a half more offers?*" you say. "*The half offer being that I'm always happy to come visit and talk about it in person.*"

"*I... we may take you up on that offer,*" Fukui says. "*But not today, if that's alright?*"

"*Ah, yeah, definitely not tonight,*" you agree, shooting Mami a smile.

Mami hums, giving you a considering look for a moment, then bumps her shoulder against yours.

"*Right, right,*" Fukui says. "*What was the other offer?*"

"*Ah... well, if you want a Clear Seed, but you're worried about making yourselves a target, I- *we* would be willing to help you keep it safe?*" you say. "*If you've heard of Miss Tsuruya from Fukushima, we're collaborating on little... embassy stations? Her power is perfect for securing a location or room, so if you want, it's an option to let her claim a room or something and keep the Clear Seed there as a cleansing station.*"

"*Oh,*" Fukui says. "*Yes, I *have* heard of Miss Tsuruya, though I know her more as a mercenary? It must be quite an interesting life, really.*"

"*I could make introductions there if you're interested?*" you say.

"*Maybe another time,*" Fuki says. She sounds vaguely overwhelmed, you have to admit. "*I... that's also a very generous offer, Miss Vee. We may very well take you up on that offer too? I'll have to discuss it with the rest of my team here.*"

"*Again, take your time,*" you say. "*Seriously. I'm happy to answer any questions if you have them, or just hold the offer indefinitely?*"

"*May I have a few minutes to think first?*" Fukui says.

"*Absolutely,*" you say. "*I'm sorry if I'm being, uh, too much.*"

"*No, no,*" Fukui says. "*It's fine! I'm very happy you wanted to offer this to us, and it's very generous, I just need to think about it and talk to my team here? We may not have a decision for you tonight, but I'll figure out what we else we might need to know to decide.*"

"*By all means,*" you say. "*Take your time. Really!*"

"*Alright,*" Fukui says, and falls silent.

"I think I may have oversold it a little?" you say thoughtfully, outloud.

"Mm, Sabrina?" Mami says, smiling up at you.

"Just thinking out loud, I suppose," you say. "Miss Kazue seemed a bit overwhelmed after I actually explained what I was offering."

Mami laughs.

"You *do* have that effect sometimes," she says. "But I suppose it's a different affair, to hear things put in concrete terms. You offered her a Clear Seed, right?"

"Yeah," you say. You quirk an eyebrow at her just talking about it openly, but it's not like anyone in the crowd brushing by would be listening in, you suppose. And even if they *did*, you don't really have anything to hide? You *want* the Clear Seeds to spread, and if by some bizarre chance someone in the crowd knows a magical girl and understands what you're talking about, it's really not much of a problem at all.

"Well... as I said, it *is* a lot, Sabrina," she says, smiling. "I think it's normal for someone to be surprised."

"And she said she needed to talk to her team, which is, yeah, completely understandable," you concede.

"Mm!" Mami agrees happily.

**\[] Anything else to bring up with Fukui?
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Ugh, this took too long, and I'm sorry. The next update *should*, all going well, close out the night and bring us to Monday!
