# Power Up Pt. 37

Mami's hand in yours is a grounding presence as you await Fukui's response, the telepathic connection silent as she confers with her teammates. But that just leaves you more time and attention to savour the moment, to soak in the peace. You bump your shoulder against Mami's, golden eyes flicking over to yours with warmth enough to banish the chill on the evening air and buoy your spirit.

And *that* is flying high as it is. It feels like some part of you lives for this moment: at a distance, muted behind the telepathy, uncertain and disbelieving and just a bit scared, but... that moment when you reach out to help someone, and they believe that maybe, just *maybe*, things can be *better*.

And sure, you can throw a dozen excuses to mute this one. Maybe Fukui and her team won't accept. Maybe they're too suspicious. Maybe they're well off enough that it doesn't matter - Fukui didn't *sound* particularly desperate. Eager, perhaps, but not desperate. But then again.

You're here to *help*.

The dawning flicker of *hope* in her mental voice, the carefully concealed joy. Your bona fides with Fukui were proven with Chouko, you think, and however complicated the feelings between those two are, it's undeniable that they care for each other. And so, all that's left, really, is hope.

That things can be better, that things can *improve*.

Mami laughs quietly, drawing your attention.

"You look radiant, Sabrina," she says, just loud enough to be heard over the buzz of the crowd and the rumble of the cars. "I take it things are going well?"

"I do?" you say, blinking.

"You do," Mami says firmly, and smiles back at you.

"Well... that's weird, because I'd say *you* are radiant," you say. "You always are."

Mami huffs, her cheeks tinting pink.

"Flatterer," she says.

"But it's true," you say, beaming. "You *are*."

"Mm... if I am, then it's only since I got to know you," Mami decides. "You give me reason to be."

"Right back at you, Mami," you say. You smile at her, even as both of you weave a step to the side in easy synchronization, dodging a knot of... rowdy, probably-drunk undergrads, by the look of them. "I couldn't do this without you."

"Which brings the conversation full circle," Mami says with an easy, cheeky grin. "I take it things are going well?"

"I think so," you say. "Miss Kazue's talking to her teammates still, and... like I said, I think I came off a bit too strong? I might want to figure a script, work up to this kind of thing more slowly."

"I disagree," she says, shaking her head, but smiling. "It's part of your charm, Sabrina, and... I think it helps to sell the idea. Maybe it'll make sense in the longer run, when we have more of a reputation and general knowledge backing us up, but being *too* polished is suspicious, you know?"

Mami's expression darkens for a moment.

"Those of us in the know of... certain secrets, especially," she adds. She takes a breath, and visibly shakes it off, the smile returning as she adds in a lower voice, "I'm alright, Sabrina. It was just... a passing thought."

Even so, you can't help but pull her a little closer to yourself. Mami's more than happy to tuck herself against your side with a pleased little hum, the warmth of her body soaking through your dress.

"... a fair point, but I think *some* structuring to ease into it a bit gentler wouldn't be out of place?" you say, squeezing her hand gently. If Mami wants to brush the topic off, you'll respect that. "Not a, a salesman's pitch, but some refinement."

"Mm, I suppose that's true," Mami concedes. Her eyes catch the streetlights, all but glowing gold against the soft curve of her smile and contours of her face. "But I meant it when I said it was part of your charm, Sabrina."

"I believe you," you say. "Thank you."

"No, thank *you*," Mami says, her smile widening.

You laugh. The conversation lapses into a comfortable silence, a little bubble with just the two of you amidst the crowded streets of a Sunday evening. You can smell the coming rain on the air, you think, just a touch of ozone and wetness beneath the odour of a living city - petrol fumes and car exhaust, the fresh edge of flourishing greenery and people, people, *people*.

"*Miss Vee?*" Fukui says, finally.

"*Ah, Miss Fukui!*" you say. "*How are things?*"

"*Well enough,*" she says. "*Ah... I've talked it out with my team here. If it isn't too much trouble, could we ask that you visit us?*"

"*Of course,*" you say. "*Maybe sometime during the coming week? And... well, it occurs to me that I'd need to come over to deliver the Clear Seed even if you'd accepted that, anyway. So it works out!*"

"*That would be fine, we are... some of us are still in school, but not all of us,*" Fukui says. "*So, ah, whenever you're free.*"

"*Alright! I'll be in touch, then,*" you say. "*Thanks for hearing me out, and thank you for letting me help.*"

"*No, thank*you," Fukui says. "*Until we speak again, then.*"

"*Yup!*" you say.

You sigh happily as the telepathic connection fades. All it takes is a bit of *hope*. Hope that things can be better, that there's something better out there, if only people are willing to accept it.

Mami peers up at you and smiles.

"A visit to Tome soon, I take it?" she asks.

"Yeah," you say, beaming and squeezing her hand. "Do you want to come along?"

"Absolutely, but only if it's practical," Mami says, and giggles. "What else is on the itinerary next week?"

"Hmm..." you consider the question. "The Soujos are due to arrive in Mitakihara, according to Oriko. Will have to figure *that* out. But for travelling... just Tome and Kagoshima, so far."

"Remind me?" Mami asks.

"The Soujos are travelling, dangerous magical girls. Twins in a shared body," you say. "They will... *probably* be hostile? I'm not sure. And Kagoshima... well, it's half an excuse to trek down to the south end of Japan for a look around and to get to know the people there, and the other half is that Homura *did* mention they might have useful powers and be willing to help with Walpurgisnacht?"

"Ah, right, I remember," Mami says, considering. "I do recall hearing about the Kagoshima girls before too, they have a reputation for being a bit shy, I think? But I suppose that's somewhat normal."

"Well, you're absolutely welcome to come along," you say, and crack a grin. "As long as you've finished your homework. School is important!"

"Is it really, Miss Delinquent?" Mami asks, giving you a lidded look.

"Perhaps," you say. "But... really, if you want to come along, I'll *always* be glad to have you, Mami."

"I'll be glad to, if I'm not in school," Mami says. She looks thoughtful for a moment. "I've never travelled so much in my life, you know. Even..." Her expression cracks for a moment. "Even *before*."

Before she became a magical girl, your mind fills in for you. Before her parents died. Wordlessly, you release Mami's hand so that you can hug her against your side instead, Mami burrowing into the offered comfort without hesitation. You don't pressure Mami, giving her the time to gather herself.

"And definitely not after I became a magical girl," Mami continues after a moment. There's a quiet vulnerability in her voice, raw pain and echoes of memories past. "Having the opportunity to travel like this is... I can't even say that it's a dream come true. I never really *thought* about it."

"I'm glad," you say. "I'm glad that I could help you find that option."

Mami exhales, and a smile shines through on her face as she shakes off the mood.

"You said you'd give me the world, Sabrina, but you already have," she says warmly. "Stay by me. That's everything I could ever want."

"I will," you say. "I promise."

"Then that's enough," Mami says. "That's *everything*."

You don't know what to say to that, and so you don't, simply returning the smile until you're both forced to look up to cross a road, and you both laugh. The silence that returns is a comfortable one, and Mami relaxes under your arm, that bit of tension bleeding away.

On your way home, you take a moment to destroy Hisaomi's diary. You've been meaning to get around to that for a while, of course - you quite firmly consider Oriko a friend now, and even if you *didn't*, knowing that you're carrying around a diary of her father's confessions, one that you *know* would *hurt* Oriko, that *Kirika* wanted you to get rid of...

Yeah.

You've been carrying it around in hammerspace this entire time. It's the work of a moment to rifle through it with Grief, taking a record that you firmly refuse to actually *think* about, and then another to shred it down to a slurry of complex carbohydrates and ferrocyanide salts and various bits of plastic polymers. Wood pulp, ink, and various bits of glue and other stuff, rendered down into so much molecular slush you could probably repurpose to other stuff.

... huh, you still have that katana you'd *acquired* in hammerspace. You should find a use for that, really.

With that bit of unpleasantness over and done with, it doesn't take long for you to arrive back home, only to find it not quite as empty as you'd expected.

Of course, you sense the presences well before you even approach the apartment, the bright flare and burning magic of a magical girl glowing on the edge of your senses. And *burning* is the right word there, a firebrand blazing angry defiance at life and fate. Kyouko, and beside her, the playful, vibrant spark of Yuma.

Mami glances up at you, smug smile dancing upon her face, and you can't help but huff and drop an amused smile on her cheek. Yes, of *course* Mami's right. You never doubted her for a moment.

You're glad that they came back.

"I'm home," Mami calls as you step inside together, slipping out of your shoes.

"Welcome home!" Yuma chirps happily, craning her head to look over the back of the sofa. You can see the crimson puff of Kyouko's ponytail hanging over the back of the sofa, Kyouko evidently having joined Yuma in watching... what seems to be a game show on the television.

"... welcome back," Kyouko says after a moment, flipping a peanut into the air, only for it to be snatched up by Mugin.

Kyouko doesn't seem particularly surprised by the aerial intercept, nor by the way Mugin flutters over to the two of you, cawing happily.

"Found this bird lazing 'bout like it owned the place," Kyouko adds, finally looking up at you. You can feel her gaze flicker over your dress -and Mami's- before returning to her resting scowl. "Figured you probably had something to do with it."

"Yeah, he's a... pet? I guess?" you say, reaching up to rub Mugin's head gently.

"Roommate," Mami supplies.

"Roommate," you agree.

Kyouko rolls her eyes.

"Hope you had a good evening," she says, dry bite of annoyance in her voice. "*I've* been doing some scouting. Y'know. For the big hunting trip tomorrow?"

"Oh, thank you!" you say, smiling. "That'll definitely be helpful."

"Yeah, I'm sure," she says, and settles back into that loose sprawl of limbs that occupies most of the sofa, leaving enough room for Yuma to cuddle up against her side.

Mami exchanges a look with you and shakes her head slightly. You quirk a questioning eyebrow at her, at which she just nods. Yes, she's sure that you shouldn't poke at it right now, but... Mami's eyes flick to the clock, then over to the window and Mitakihara beyond.

Not now, but possibly tomorrow, during the hunt with Kyouko might be a good time to talk to Kyouko. After all, it *is* going to be just you, Kyouko, and Yuma - everyone else'll be at school. It makes sense, and so you nod slowly.

Mami smiles, and nudges you towards the bedroom.

"You can change first, Sabrina," Mami says with a smile. "In the meanwhile, Kyouko, have you had dinner?"

"Yeah, yeah," she grumbles. "'course I have."

"Well, how do you feel about supper?" you hear Mami say as you head into the bedroom, smiling to yourself. When in doubt: bribe Kyouko with food. It's *really* a good thing none of you have to worry about your waistlines.

---

- [ ] Anything to bring up with Kyouko right now?
- [ ] How do you greet the morning?
  - [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

The next update will bring you through to Monday morning!
