# Hazard Course Pt. 1

You wind up taking a shower instead of just changing, and emerge towelling your hair dry and dressed in a loose, comfy T-shirt, which has you musing upon what you should wear tomorrow. It *is* supposed to rain tomorrow, so a cardigan over a nice blouse wouldn't go entirely amiss, maybe. You pass through the living room on the way to the kitchen, trading a wave with Yuma and a narrow-eyed *look* from Kyouko, the television still blaring merrily in the background.

By the time you arrive in the kitchen, you find Mami busily mixing up the batter. It's already starting to smell amazing, in that butter-and-sugar way of not-yet-baked goods.

"Hey, Mami," you say, wrapping your arms gently around Mami's waist from behind. "I'll take over so you can change?"

"I'm almost done, really," Mami says, tilting her head so she can smile at you, her hands never stilling on the batter.

"Then I'll handle the cleanup," you say firmly.

"Oh, very well," Mami says with a lilting note of fond amusement in her voice. "If you insist."

"I do!" you say.

Mami laughs, and you release her so she can finish up. You lean against the kitchen counter, watching Mami as she expertly pours the batter into the ridged half-donut of a bundt pan with a flourish and nary a drop spilled, and slides it into the oven with casual grace and a twirl that finishes to dip in a curtsey face you.

You laugh, and bow back solemnly.

"Now off with you, Lady Tomoe," you say, trying, and failing, to hide the grin tugging at your lips. "Shoo, go shower! I'll clean up."

"As you say," Mami says, stepping up so that she's right in front of you, and you can't help but huff and pull her into a hug that she happily nestles into - but she only indulged for a moment.

"I suppose I *should* go shower," she says with a put-upon sigh. "You'll be alright with the cleanup?"

"'course," you say, smiling. "I'll be here."

Mami smiles, and disentangles herself fully so she can breeze out of the kitchen. A moment later, you hear the bedroom door shut, and you busy yourself returning everything to the cupboards and cleaning up, Grief and hands both busy in a swirl of activity, soaping and rinsing and drying off, with a cloud of Grief fog to intercept any splashing suds or water. You'd just showered, after all.

By the time you finish washing and drying everything, the kitchen smells absolutely *heavenly* with the fragrance of the baking cake. But it's not done yet, and Mami's still showering, so you dry your hands and wander out into the living room, flopping down on the opposite end of the sofa from Kyouko and Yuma. Mugin joins you in a flutter of wings, plopping down on the arm of the sofa beside you, and you gently scratch behind his head.

Kyouko gives you a sidelong look, but rearranges her loose sprawl of limbs slightly to make room. She doesn't say anything, and neither do you, letting the burble of the gameshow fill the silence - but then, you're pretty sure that Yuma's the only one actually paying attention to it, if her giggles are any indication.

"... so," you say after a moment. "Kyouko - I don't know if you remember, but I mentioned the Soujos to you a while ago, yeah?"

Dusky red eyes slide over to you, Kyouko regarding you from beneath her fringe for a long moment. Yuma stills, her gaze darting from the television to Kyouko and you, and then she curls into Kyouko's side.

"Yeah, I remember," Kyouko drawls, shifting to accommodate Yuma. "Freaky twins in a single body or something, hunting Soul Gems. Expecting 'em tomorrow, yeah?"

"Yep," you say. "And... look, I don't want to make any assumptions. If we run into them during the hunt-"

"Yeah, yeah," Kyouko grumbles, cutting you off. "I remember. But whatever happens, happens. If she comes at me, then she gets it. If you're gonna talk at her... whatever."

"... ah. OK," you say. If Kyouko's not going to press the issue, then you're not going to either.

She flaps her hand dismissively at you, and turns back to the television. Yuma pokes her head around Kyouko's elbow, grins at you, and similarly returns to watching the show, which is, in turn, now showing some kind of food-themed obstacle course that reminds you rather disconcertingly of *Charlotte's* Barrier.

You firmly set *that* thought aside, musing instead on your plans for tomorrow. It's not like you *object* to the idea of Kyouko helping out if it comes to a fight, but you weren't sure if she'd see it that way, as opposed to you luring her here *into* the hypothetical fight. And there's the whole... *ambiguity* of where Kyouko *wants* to be. You don't know whether she wants to be here in Mitakihara, with all the attendant memories, good and bad, or in semi-exile over on Kasamino.

You're really not sure *Kyouko* knows what she wants, either. That's probably half the problem.

You let the noise of the television wash over you, Yuma's cheering and Kyouko's raucous laughter mingling together to lull you into a half-doze. Before too long, the fragrance of baking cake starts to permeate throughout the apartment, prompting Kyouko to not-so-subtly sniff the air and look hopefully towards the kitchen.

Well, ok.

Kyouko doesn't know what she wants *apart* from food.

The bedroom door opening heralds Mami's return, freshly showered and dressed in her usual pajamas. It's not really time to sleep yet, but really, pajamas are comfy, so you can hardly blame her. Her face lights up with a smile as your eyes meet, and she hurries over to join you on the sofa, happily leaning into your side.

"Welcome back," you say. "The cake's almost done, by the by."

"Mmh!" Mami agrees. Then her eyes flicker to Kyouko for a split second, then back to you, dancing with mischief. "Of course, it'll still need a bit of time to cool before we can eat it. It would be too fragile to cut otherwise."

"Of course, of course," you say, grinning at Mami and watching out of the corner of your eye as Kyouko slumps. *You* definitely wouldn't dare taunt Kyouko, but hey, if Mami's taking point, you're entirely happy to play along. "*And* it'd just scald you if so."

Mami nods solemnly.

"Of course, only someone very silly would do something like that," Mami says. "Especially since they'd been warned."

"Jeeze, I get it, I get it," Kyouko grouses. "Shaddup."

Mami giggles, leaning into your side, and you can't help the laugh bubbling up your throat as you relax yourself. It's *something*, that no matter how complicated Kyouko's feelings are, she's not *that* tense around Mami. You might hope that things are changing, but you'll see. You glance at Mami, finding her already turning to look up at you with a smile. She winks at you, and settles in to watch the television, never budging from your side.

Of course, the oven dings a moment later as the timer ends.

"I'll get it," you say, and Mami aborts her motion to stand, happily nestling back down.

You get a side-eye from Kyouko, probably over *your* lack of movement, but it's not like you need to walk over. You fill the kitchen with a cloud of nanofog, outlining the counter and stove and everything in your mind's eye, a sense of touch that extends far beyond your skin, and from there, it's a simple matter of hauling the oven door open, checking the doneness of the cake, and floating it out to sit on the cooling rack.

Kyouko up far enough to peer over the back of the sofa, squints vaguely in the general direction of the kitchen, then shrugs and sits back down.

Eventually, of course, it *is* time to turn the cake out from the tin and slice it - just a simple, butter-vanilla sponge cake, but just as expertly made as you'd expect from Mami. Everyone gets a big slice, Mugin included, and you should probably actually put some thought about overfeeding, but that's a thought for another time. Speaking of overfeeding, Kyouko gets the biggest piece of all, of course, and you all dig in happily.

Mami pulls out some homework after you finish -you had to banish her from the kitchen so you can do the cleanup- and you help her finish it off, sitting at the coffee table and accompanied by Yuma's giggles and the rarer, reluctant snort from Kyouko as the gameshow plays out.

Ultimately, though, it's time to go to sleep. Back to school tomorrow for Mami, and that means you're going to be up early with her.

"Goodnight, Kyouko, Yuma," Mami says as she stands, covering a yawn with her mouth.

"Oh, yeah, Kyouko," you say, letting Mami pull you to your feet. "Want me to wake you up in the morning, or shall I come back after everyone's gone to school?"

"... Like hell I'm waking up that early," Kyouko grumbles, Yuma making a vaguely agreeing noise.

You snort.

"Yeah, I suppose I can't blame you," you say amicably. "'night, then."

"Yeah, yeah," Kyouko says, flapping her hand at you.

"Goodnight!" Yuma says cheerfully.

You beam at them both, and head off to sleep, brushing your teeth and then bedding down. Mami curls around you as you pull the blankets up, sighing happily. You reach out with Grief to flick the lights off, leaving the room illuminated with little more than silvery moonlight and the distant glow of streetlights from below.

"Today was wonderful," Mami murmurs into your hair.

"Even with Tokyo?" you ask.

"Even with Tokyo," Mami says firmly. "We *succeeded*. And it's Constellation's first real action together - reaching out to offer our help. I can't think of a better start. And we did it together. You, me, everyone. I think that that's entirely a success."

"That's... true," you concede. "And... it's not like I'm giving up on figuring out what's up with Miss Imai. Or with Miss Toshimichi."

Mami chuckles quietly, tightening her grip around your waist.

"It's not a *bad* thing, you know," she says. "To decide that you *don't* have to handle everything the moment you see it. And... I know you wouldn't be *you*, Sabrina, if you didn't want to. If you didn't *try* to. But I don't think there's anything wrong with taking a moment to let it breathe, either."

"I... know that," you say. "But it's hard to *know* that, sometimes."

"I understand," Mami says warmly. "Be yourself, Sabrina. There is absolutely *nothing* wrong with that. Quite the opposite. All I'm saying is that there's room to step away, sometimes, and... regardless of what might happen, I'll be here with you."

"Shouldn't that be my line?" you say, and soften, snuggling back into Mami's arms. "Thank you, Mami."

"It's the least I could do," Mami says, and you can feel her muffle a yawn as she tries to press a kiss to the back of your head.

"Even so, thank you, Mami," you say. "But now, to sleep with you!"

"Mmmm... Goodnight, Sabrina," Mami says, sounding half-asleep already. She tugs the blankets up a little more snugly and relaxes.

"'night, Mami," you murmur. You let your eyes drift shut.

\=====​

You drift into awareness amidst the patter of rain, and also Mami trying to sneak out of bed again. This time, she has a bloom of ribbons wrapped around you to mimic the pressure of her arms as she tries to ease out of the blankets.

She freezes, then makes a quiet, ruefully amused noise and settles back in to the bed, arms returning to proper cuddling configuration.

You can *feel* her pouting as she buries her face in your hair.

"Slept well?" you offer, throat just a touch scratchy.

"Mmhm," Mami says softly. "I've been... sleeping much better, in general."

"I'm glad," you say. The conversation lapses there, and you doze contentedly, luxuriating in the patter of rain against the windows and the kind of warmth that only comes from a chill in the air and warm, cozy blankets. You find yourself running your fingers through stray tresses of Mami's hair as you soak in the moment and take the time to simply *exist*. It's not yet time to get *up*, so you're in no hurry.

You feel a vague prickle of paranoia about the rain, but you can't imagine the sheer coincidence of having *two* weather mages consecutively try to scry Mitakihara via the rain, so you set that thought aside. Besides, Mika hasn't said anything.

Eventually, though, you have to go to the bathroom, and so you lever yourself up with a groan. Mami makes a protesting noise, but lets you escape, and before long, you've both finished your morning ablutions and reconvened in the kitchen.

"Do you think we should make lunches for Kyouko and Yuma too?" you ask thoughtfully as you fill up the rice cooker. "I'm not sure how long the hunt will run, after all."

"Mm... it can't hurt?" Mami says, slightly muffled as she rummages through the refrigerator. "Persuading them to join us for lunch might be a bit difficult, though. Are you making enough rice for breakfast too?"

"Not yet, but I could. What do you think? I mean, it's free food," you say, quirking a grin. "Bribing with food always works."

"Mm... rice for breakfast. And that's certainly true," Mami concedes. "There's no guarantee that Kyouko will be willing to eat with everyone, but at the very least, she *will* take the lunch - she doesn't like to waste food, you know?"

You can't help but huff out a laugh as you add more rice and rinse it out, then shut the rice cooker with a definitive snap.

"Yeah, I know," you say, smiling slightly. "I don't think I mentioned it to you, but the first few times I actually talked to her, I, er. Well, I bribed her with food by offering to pay at an all-you-eat buffet, so I had to take a plate for myself, right? I was *terrified* of not being able to finish what I took."

"She's not *that* bad, Sabrina," Mami says, giggling.

"Kyouko would stab *as* a warning," you say solemnly.

"That... *is* true, yes," Mami concedes. "But not in public!"

"So she'd just wait until we're in a dark alleyway to shank me," you say, peering at the food Mami pulled from the fridge, then pulling out the frying pan and brandishing it triumphantly at her.

Mami laughs, and makes room for you at the stove while she moves to start cracking eggs. You fall into the familiar, easy rhythm, as you weave smoothly past each other to prepare breakfast and lunch enough for four, a coordinated dance to a tune only the two of you can hear.

You check on Kyouko and Yuma as you cook - thankfully, they'd retreated to the guest room rather than fall asleep on the sofa as you'd half-expected. To your complete lack of surprise, they're still sound asleep, as far as you can tell.

Before long, you're settling down for breakfast with Mami: grilled mackerel, miso soup, pickled plums, and omelette rice Mami snuck in at some point while you were cheerfully bickering over what to have for lunch. You'd blanched some vegetables as part of your retaliatory salvo, of course. Another two full servings of breakfast sit to one side, covered and ready for Kyouko and Yuma.

You settle in opposite Mami, meeting her eyes with a warm smile. Another day, but you'll face it together. With a cheerful 'itadakimasu!' you dig in.

"Do you want to do the honours, Mami?" you offer after taking the edge off your hunger.

Mami laughs, shaking her head.

"It wouldn't be the same," Mami says.

"Well, if you're sure..." At Mami's nod, you shift to telepathy, including Homura, Madoka, Sayaka, Hitomi, and, of course, Mami. "*Goooooood morning Mitakihara! I'm your host, Sabrina Vee, with my lovely co-host, Tomoe Mami! It's shaping up to be another rainy day in our lovely city, so join us, listeners, as we welcome the new day!*"

Sayaka groans wordlessly into the telepathy.

"*Good morning!*" Madoka chirps, giggles bubbling in her voice. "*Sorry, I'll be a moment, I need to wake mama up!*"

"*Good morning, everyone,*" Hitomi says. "*Ah, no music today, Sabrina? I did quite enjoy the composition you played last time.*"

"*Good morning,*" Homura says.

"*I hope everyone slept well?*" Mami asks.

"*Not enough,*" Sayaka grumbles. "*Why is it Monday.*"

"*Well, Sayaka, there's this thing called the linear progression of time,*" you say. "*Yesterday was Sunday, so today is Monday.*"

"*Mm... I'm not so sure!*" Madoka says. "*I think it would be more accurately blamed on, ah, Pope Gregory the... um. The something? If he didn't make the calendar, it wouldn't be Monday.*"

"*The Thirteenth,*" Hitomi offers. "*Pope Gregory the Thirteenth.*"

"*Ah, yes!*" Madoka says. "*His fault!*"

"*... technically correct, yes,*" you concede.

"*It's not an either-or situation, I would argue,*" Mami says. She winks at you across the table even as she delicately spoons up some miso soup. "*If we lack *either* a linear progression of time *or* Pope Gregory, it wouldn't be Monday.*"

"*Mmmmmuuuuuggggh,*" Sayaka contributes.

---

- [x] Meet up with everyone on the way to school
  - [x] This morning, we should make time (hint, Homura) to talk about that infohazard incident yesterday
- [ ] Meet back up with Kyouko for the hunt
  - [ ] Grab a Sayaka first
  - [ ] Anything to talk over during the hunt?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

The next update should bring you through to actually embarking on the hunt!
