# Hazard Course Pt. 2

"*OK, Sayaka, I'll make you a promise,*" you say seriously, sneaking a grin at Mami. "*If for some reason I ever wind up in the 1500s, I'll take revenge on Pope Greg for you. Yeah?*"

"*Muuhhhhhh,*" Sayaka says.

You'll take that as profuse, overwhelming gratitude, expressed eloquently in the language of the sleep-deprived. Mami giggles, eyes dancing as she beams at you.

"*And all his predecessors,*" you add thoughtfully. "*I mean, he's the one with his name on the calendar, but he's really just the culmination of a long, long line of Monday committers that stretches all the way back to Caesar. So there's going to be lots of revenge to spread around, and Pope Greg would be just the start.*"

Madoka giggles, clear peals of laughter filling the telepathic channel.

"*'Pope Greg' sounds so *weird* somehow!*" she says. "*B-but yes! Down with Mondays!*"

"*But wouldn't that just result in a replacement that would be just as bad?*" Hitomi muses. "*Tuesday, perhaps?*"

"*... um. Hm,*" you say. "*I mean, are we sure that there wasn't another, more hated day before Monday that got Wished away?*"

"*Is that *possible*?*" Hitomi asks.

"*It's not *im* possible?*" Mami offers.

"*Don't mention that around my mama, she might hunt down Kyuubey so *she* can Wish,*" Madoka says.

"*How would that work, I wonder?*" Hitomi muses. "*Would we simply have six day weeks instead?*"

"*Uuuuugh no,*" Sayaka groans. "*It's too early for existential terror, and my dad is looking at me funny. No. Stop. Cease. Desist.*"

"*What *is* a good time for existential terror?*" Mami wonders. "*Not the morning, and not at night. The afternoon is also terrible for existential terror, but for perhaps the opposite reason - a nice, cheerful afternoon sun does tend to drive the existential terror away.*"

"*Two AM,*" Homura says, her voice dry as a bone. "*It's when the ghosts come out.*"

Madoka giggles, your cackling laughter following a moment behind, then everyone else. Somehow, you never quite expect the humour from Homura, and every time, it's absolutely devastating.

"*That sounds about right,*" Mami agrees, laughter bubbling in her voice. "*Thankfully, everyone's asleep at that time. Right?*"

"*Right, *Sayaka*?*" Madoka asks.

"*Hey, don't look at me, Miss Three-cups-of-coffee,*" Sayaka says. "*I'm a good student! I sleep early!*"

Homura makes a doubtful noise.

"*That was one time!*" Madoka protests over Sayaka's complaints about being ganged up upon. "*I don't even like coffee!*"

"*Except when it's doused in enough syrup that it's more sugar than coffee,*" Hitomi says.

"*Vanilla and hazelnut are good flavours!*" Madoka says.

You laugh out loud, meeting Mami's eyes as the bickering continues, good-natured and cheerful. Mami beams back at you, setting down her chopsticks so she can reach across the table to take your hand, interlacing your fingers and squeezing gently, and in her expression you read gratitude and joy alike, so raw and vulnerable it almost *hurts* to see.

So you smile back at Mami, smoothing your thumb gently against the back of her hand. And maybe that makes finishing breakfast a little awkward, but you both manage, because neither of you are willing to let go.

You banish Mami off to change first while you do the cleanup, cheating outrageously with Grief as you usually do, and leave a small handful of birdseed out for a dozing Mugin. Then Mami finishes changing and so it's your turn, dressing yourself into a nice, grey blouse and a cute, knee-length skirt patterned with a few red flowers and butterflies set against stripes. And since you were thinking about it, and since it's raining and a little chilly *anyway*, you toss on a bold, deep red cardigan over top to complete the look.

Mami beams at you as you exit the bedroom.

"You look wonderful, Sabrina," she says.

"So do you, Mami," you say. "And yes, I know you're just wearing your school uniform. I stand by what I said."

"Flatterer," Mami says, smiling fondly at you. She separates from the hug a moment later to grab her schoolbag and an umbrella. "Shall we?"

"We shall!" you say happily, taking the umbrella from her and tucking it into her bag.

Mami gives you a quizzical look.

You smile innocently.

Mami giggles fondly, and takes your arm.

And so you head out, locking the door behind you. You step out into the streets, the falling rain chilling the air and pooling underfoot, clouds dulling the morning sun to a sullen glow behind the clouds. It's not too heavy at the moment, and there are even some people that are foregoing their own umbrellas, hurrying about their business.

Even so, there's rain enough to form little curtains of privacy, bubbles of quiet sliding past each other as people make room, avoiding the splash of puddles and the collision of umbrellas. The drumming of rain and murmured conversation and busy rumble of Mitakihara waking up blend into background texture, ignorable but everpresent.

Mami's eyes flick upwards as you walk, giving the gloomy grey skies a considering look, and then giving *you* that same look. Then she hums contentedly and smiles.

It *might* have to do with the way you're batting the raindrops away with a churning cloud of Grief nanofog, leaving the two of you perfectly dry as you head onwards to school. Not the first time you've pulled this trick, and it won't be the last, weather permitting - but it's a fun one! When you can get away with it, anyway.

You wind up arriving earlier this morning, and decide to wait in front of the school's grand campus as hordes of students mill past you, some stopping as they wait for their own friends. Umbrellas bob in the rain, dizzying splashes of colour amidst the greenery-shrouded path and drizzling rain.

"Good morning." Homura materializes behind you - literally, this time, as you feel the barely-there flare of magic as she steps out of timestop.

"'morning, Homura!" you say, turning to grin at her. "Sleep OK?"

Homura appears to give the question serious thought, then nods.

"Good!" you say happily.

It doesn't take much longer before Madoka, Sayaka, and Hitomi arrive as a group, all huddled under one large umbrella and waving enthusiastically at you as they approach. You exchange greetings, and head off towards the school proper, meandering slowly to take in the morning.

"Oh, yeah - two things. Sayaka, want to join Kyouko and Yuma and me for the hunt today?" you say as you amble along, just at the edge of the umbrella Sayaka's holding.

Mami glances sidelong at you, and you shoot her an adoring, reassuring smile, shifting your arm so you can take her hand properly. You're *hers*. Her smile softens in turn, and she squeezes your hand gently.

"Hmm?" Sayaka says, blinking at you. "Oh, uh... this morning? I mean, it *is* a school day..."

"I'll take notes for you!" Madoka volunteers.

Sayaka grins at her, still looking thoughtful.

"... ah, you know what, my grades can take it," she says finally. "But you better help me with my homework after!"

"'course," you say. "Maybe another study session or three sometime this week?"

"Group study!" Madoka cheers. "I like learning this way much better, anyway."

"You're all always welcome over at our place," Mami adds. "Study session or not."

"Thanks, Mami, Sabrina," Sayaka says, grinning. "Alright, then yeah, I'm in."

"Great!" you say, and clear your throat. "Right, right, in that case... I'll get one Miki-Ds Sayaka to go, and can I get fries with that?"

A moment of silence.

Sayaka turns, ever so slowly, to glare at Madoka and Hitomi.

"Who told her?" she demands. "Which of you *traitors*?"

"N-not meeeeeee-!" Madoka squeals, barely suppressing laughter, and then she's forced to dance to the side as Sayaka starts chasing her. Hitomi bursts into giggles, catching the now-abandoned umbrella.

"... what?" you say, blinking.

Madoka ducks behind you and Mami, juking left, then right, as Sayaka tries to get around you.

You pout.

"A joke from, oh, three years ago," Hitomi says, swallowing her giggles. "We were covering American slang in class, and Madoka came up with it."

"Dammit," you grumble. "I'm not as original as I thought I was."

Madoka trails laughter as she cowers behind Homura, who's now giving you a look of muted surprise and dawning realization.

... huh. Not sure what that's about.

"What was the second thing, Sabrina?" Mami asks, nudging your side.

"Um?" You blink, then remember. You raise your voice a little, over Madoka's shrieking laughter as Sayaka catches her and starts tickling mercilessly. "Ah, right, er. I was going to say, er... Homura? We should maybe make some time to talk about yesterday's, ah, incident?"

Taeko's little attempted Witch-bomb yesterday, in other words. It *should* probably be discussed at some point - it's just good practice to talk these things out, even if the fallout was safely contained. If nothing else, you should keep in mind the potential for future recurrences and if you want to put in some preventative measures.

Amethyst eyes flicker over to you, and Homura nods.

"Now?" she asks.

---

- [ ] Now!
  - [ ] What do you want to talk about?
- [ ] Later, at lunch
- [ ] Head back to pick up Kyouko and Yuma for the hunt!
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

So, apologies for the weird cut-off point, however: I wanted to update earlier (especially as I'll be busy for the rest of the week), and this is a bit of a genuine decision point, anyway. From an OoC point, I want to get to the hunt sooner, but a scene talking with Homura would be fine, too.
