# Hazard Course Pt. 3

You consider for a moment, wrestling with the thought. The thing is, you're... considering trying to bring Madoka and Hitomi in on a few secrets, too. About the nature of Witches, and maybe, just *maybe*, why Madoka making a Wish is a bad idea. But even if you can finagle it so that Homura isn't in the loop about the latter point, it just... doesn't sound like a good idea, with more than a few arguments against it. Not least of which being the nagging feeling in the back of your mind and not wanting them to be stewing about it for the rest of the school day. So no.

Not now. *Maybe* another time, if events ever conspire to line up better.

That said, you probably *should* talk to everyone at some point about that mess with Taeko trying to drop the Witchbomb. There's a reason almost every large organization conducts after-action reports, after all, it's how you learn from mistakes.

You nod slowly. Now's a good time for *that*, you think.

"I think so, yeah," you say. "Now, I mean. It's not the *biggest* deal in the world, but I don't want to leave it aside. And have a word with Sayaka too in a moment?"

Likewise, Homura nods. And... now that you're looking at her more closely, there's something less guarded about her posture this morning, the way she carries herself a touch lighter than she usually is. Even so, the lines around her eyes soften just a little more as a not-quite-smile flits across her face.

You beam at her, and then she finally turns away to catch Sayaka by the collar and tug her away from a flailing, giggling Madoka.

"For the record," you say loudly. "I came up with *that* joke myself."

"Uuuugh," Sayaka grumbles, somehow contriving to hang from Homura's iron grip despite being *taller* than her. "Yeah, that figures."

"There are certainly worse jokes that could have been made," Mami observes, nestled comfortably against your side.

"Like what?" Sayaka asks, narrowing her eyes and worming out of Homura's grip.

"Mm..." Mami's smile widens a little. "I suppose you'll just have to find out someday."

Sayaka stares at her for a solid thirty seconds, the silence pooling and spreading throughout your little group. Then she turns that accusing stare on you.

You raise an eyebrow at her.

"One day, I will find what your weakness is," she declares, levelling an accusing finger at you. "And on that day you will rue ever crossing me."

"What did *I* do?" you say plaintively. "I am innocent of all wrongdoing! Innocent, I say!"

"*Sure*," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "Anyway, uh..."

Homura nods again.

"I'll be back in a moment," she murmurs, striding away.

"Do you need your privacy?" Mami asks, smiling up at you.

You smile at her in return, disentangling yourself just far enough so you can press a kiss to her cheek.

"We won't be long, OK?" you tell her. "It's a quick talk, but, um. Secrets, you know?"

"Alright," she says warmly. "I trust you, Sabrina, and I *know* you'll tell me when the time is right. But you had better hurry, alright? I won't be kept waiting for too long!"

You laugh, even as you ease away so that Homura can gra-

-b you.

You blink in a world of muted greys, reorienting yourself to face Homura with a smile, only to find her giving you a considering, curious look even as she shifts her grip, making way for you to keep contact with a scrap of Grief settled against her forearm.

"Something on my face?" you ask.

She shakes her head.

"No," she says. "Just a thought. What did you want to talk about?"

"Well... I wanted to ask you for your thoughts about Miss Taeko trying to drop the Witchbomb, back in Tokyo?" you say, waving your hands vaguely. "It's... best to review for mistakes, yeah?"

Homura frowns thoughtfully, a slight furrow of her brow.

"Did you know she knew?" Homura asks.

You shake your head.

"Unfortunately not," you say, shaking your head and grimacing. "I mean, I... had a *guess*, but I didn't know for sure. And... I guess given what Miss Toshimichi said, I suppose it was a possibility that she'd try and *use* it?"

Homura nods, her eyes fixed on Madoka's motionless form, greyed and frozen mid-laugh. She swallows, at once wistful and pained and maybe a little relieved.

"Madoka knows something's... secret. That you're keeping a secret," she says slowly, not looking at you. "She doesn't know what it is. And she's... *not* worried about it. Not... stressing about being a burden."

You bite your lip.

"Not entirely," you caution. "I... I've been working on it, with your help, and we've been making progress, but it's an ongoing progress. And..." You meet Homura's eyes. "You know her better than I do, Homura. She feels like she has to Wish to be *meaningful*, and we... need to keep talking her through it."

"Yes," Homura agrees, then frowns, and shakes her head. "But that's not what I meant. Even after yesterday. She was worried and annoyed. *Indignant*. Not at herself, or you. *For* you, for *us*, that someone tried to *attack* us with it. Hitomi, too."

"Ah," you say. And as much of a nonsensical thought *Madoka* being *angry* is, you can sort of imagine it. Madoka being angry that someone tried to attack you, fretting and being indignant and worried that her friends were in the line of fire... yeah, you can imagine that.

"And she didn't... she wasn't *thinking* about making a Wish," Homura says, picking through her words slowly. "I... maybe she was? But she wasn't..."

"She wasn't beating herself up about what she couldn't do?" you ask, trying to complete the sentence for Homura as her words fail her.

"Yes," Homura says. "She wasn't self-recriminating. It's *good*."

"Ah," you say. "I'm glad."

Homura nods, turning away from Madoka to face you, her frown long gone. Amethyst eyes scrutinize you for... something, and for once, you're not entirely sure what she's looking for, but you smile at her nevertheless, holding your tongue and letting her order her thoughts.

"I didn't like how close it came," she says after a moment. "But you reacted fast enough, and Madoka wasn't affected much. It's fine."

"Yeah, I did, and she wasn't," you agree, exhaling slowly, and smile softly at her. "But... how are you *feeling* about it? And not just this, just... everything that's happened?"

Homura tilts her head to the side, eyes going distant as she thinks it over.

"I'm worried," Homura says slowly. "It's... it's *good* that Madoka wasn't affected by it. But she was so *close* to all of it, and..."

She trails off, making a helpless little gesture half-reaching towards Madoka, then letting her hand fall.

"Yeah," you say with a sigh. "That's completely valid, and honestly, *I'm* worried too. It..." You bite your lip. "I *really* don't like how close it came, either, and I'm going to work to preventing it from even getting that close in the future. That said, I... *if* you're OK with it, Homura, I wanted to talk about this with Sayaka too? But it's just a *discussion*, nothing firm."

Homura's eyebrows knit together again as she considers this. Her eyes widen, and then she nods.

"It would make sense," she agrees. "I forgot she knows about it now. Where Witches came from. And... Sayaka's a lot more thoughtful. She was never *stupid*, but..."

She gestures vaguely, and you can't help but laugh.

"Yeah," you say. "I get it, Homura." You take a breath, smiling. "I... yeah. Alright. In that case, we can bring her in, if you're sure you're alright with it, but *first*-"

You raise your arms, smiling slightly at her in silent offer. Homura eyes you for a long moment, then huffs lightly, the frown on her face easing just the tiniest bit in favour of something that's not quite a smile, but certainly not distaste, either. And so you step forward, drawing her into a gentle hug, and after a moment, she relaxes, and wraps her arms around you too.

She's still too skinny, slender and paper-thin beneath your touch, as if a strong wind might be able to blow her away. You *know* that isn't true, you *know* about the furious strength lurking in her frame, but you can't help the pang that goes through you, a physical reminder that she's gone through so much, borne so much pain. How could you *not* want to help?

Still, you don't want to press Homura too much, and after a few minutes, you ease back, smiling at her.

"You're alright with this, Homura?" you ask, peering at her. "Not just logically, but emotionally and all? With what happened, and talking to Sayaka about this?"

"I am," Homura murmurs.

"Then OK," you say. "Let's go get her?"

You *could* just grab Sayaka with a bit of Grief, but you'd rather leave it to Homura, to let her step around Madoka to grab Sayaka by the wrist. You spare a glance for Mami, frozen with that gentle smile on her face that sends warmth rushing through you, even in the dull grey hues of Homura's timestop.

"Sap."

You turn around and raise your eyebrow at Sayaka.

"I said what I said," Sayaka says. "You are *such* a sap."

"Eh, yeah, sappier than an entire maple forest," you say, shrugging and then grinning. "That's me."

"*Dork*," Sayaka accuses.

"Yep!" you say. You stick a dab of Grief to her wrist, and Homura gives *that* a look before nodding, and stepping away so that the three of you can look at each other properly. "Anyway! Back on track."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says. "So what's up? Is this about the hunt later?"

"No, actually," you say. "Discussion about yesterday."

"Oh," Sayaka says. "That thing with Taeko?"

"That thing with Taeko," you agree, scrubbing your hand through your hair. "And also, er, it occurs to me that on a *completely* unrelated topic, I promised I would tell you both if things changed for Oriko and Kirika?"

Sayaka's scowl is immediate and reflexive, as is Homura's grimace of distaste.

"Yeah?" Sayaka says.

"Well... this didn't occur to me at the time, but when we were going after Iowa, she was helping us to scry on them, right?" you say. "And during our trip to Tokyo too, she was helping keep an eye out. During that time, she mentioned that she could see and follow karmic connections."

"Uh-huh," Sayaka says. Her scowl deepens. "What does *that* mean?"

"She can follow connections between people," you say. "And it lets her track people more easily by their relationships?"

"Right," Sayaka mutters grudgingly. "I suppose she can't get up to too much with that? Or... at least, I can't think of anything more she can do with that than 'just' being able to scry on people. Homura?"

"It's no worse than her original power," Homura says.

"... yeah, there's that," Sayaka concedes. "Right. And, well, I guess we can't tell her *not* to have that power? So."

"Yeah," you agree with a sigh. "But, well, I thought you'd want to know, and I did promise."

"Yeah, yeah, I gotcha," Sayaka says. "Thanks."

"It's appreciated," Homura murmurs. "Thank you, Sabrina."

You hold your tongue rather than respond, simply smiling and letting them think it through in their own time. Predictably, Sayaka's the first to crack, blowing out an explosive breath and scuffing her feet against the pavement.

"Alright! Tokyo?" she says.

"Right, well... like I said to Homura, I don't like how close it came to revealing, y'know. The *other* horrible secret about being a magical girl to Madoka," you say, summarizing for Sayaka. "And even though it didn't, it means that Madoka knows that there's a big secret surrounding that, one that we don't want her to know."

"Mmrg," Sayaka says, rubbing her chin thoughtfully. "So I was out for a good part of that, but for what it's worth, Madoka wasn't... *isn't* that concerned about the secret?" She turns to address Homura directly. "Like, I know *you* didn't get nabbed by Toshimichi's freeze-field so you got a read on her the whole time, but y'know. I've known her since we were kids."

Homura nods wordlessly, startled surprise flickering across her face for a second.

Sayaka rolls her eyes.

"I'm not *blind*, you know," Sayaka grumbles. She turns back to you, planting her fists on her hips. "Anyway. So we're talking prevention?"

"Prevention and sorting out what we're all thinking about *that* situation, yeah," you say. "Just to get everyone on the same page."

"How are *you* feeling?" Homura asks. "Mami was there too."

"Huh, right, yeah," Sayaka says. "She got frozen too, but... yeah. You're worried about what'd happen if she finds out, right?"

You blink in surprise, a rush of warmth flooding through you for the consideration.

"I was..." You blow out a breath. "In the moment? I was too caught up to be scared. *After*, I was angry that Miss Taeko would try to hurt us with that knowledge. Intellectually I know that no harm was done, but... yeah. So I guess I'm in the same boat as Homura - worried, but aware that we kind of threaded the needle?"

"Mmrm," Sayaka says. She gives you a curious, pensive look.

"I..." you start, then trail off hesitantly, flicking a glance at Mami's frozen form, then facing Homura properly. "That's... actually something I wanted to discuss. And I *do* mean discuss, Homura?"

"What is it?" Homura gives you a grimacing look, as if she already knows she's going to dislike it.

"I... well, she knows that the secret exists already," you say. "And it might be worth giving her the same talk I gave Mami and Sayaka? To tell her that there *is* a secret, but it's *dangerous* to know. I know you don't want her to get involved in this, Homura, and I entirely agree. But... she's our friend, and she cares about our opinion. If we *ask* her to not look into it, I think she would."

Homura grimaces, hunching in on herself and looking away, and *that* just makes you feel like an absolute heel.

"I... like I said, Homura, this is a discussion. I don't *know* the best way forward here, either, and we don't need to make a decision now," you say. "And regardless of what we decide, even *if* we decide now, we're definitely not going to act on it right now."

Sayaka snorts.

"Yeah, let's just leave Madoka and Hitomi with *that* hanging over her head for the entire schoolday," she says. "*Not*."

"I don't know," Homura whispers, her hands tightening into fists. "It's..."

Words fail her, and she shakes her head mutely.

"Hey, hey." You put your hand on Homura's shoulder, and squeeze gently. "Easy, Homura. We're *not* going to do anything without your agreement. Yeah?"

"Yeah," Sayaka agrees. "Madoka and Hitomi are my friends, but... so are you, Homura, Sabrina. And your opinions matter too. And like... I can't even disagree with the idea of keeping Madoka far, *far* away from this business, as much as we can. It's not that she's *weak*, but this is, is, it's *horrible*. And before you say anything, Sabrina-"

She looks at you, confident and assured.

"I don't regret asking," she says. "I wouldn't wish this knowledge on anyone else, least of all my friends, but I don't regret learning about it. It means I can help protect them too. So don't you beat yourself up about it, OK?"

"I..." You huff. "I wasn't going to. Probably fret about it, but not beat myself up."

"Uh-huh," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. And you can see what she's doing, distracting away from Homura to give her a moment to recover her equilibrium, and you can't help but be grateful for it.

"She's... she's already not interested in it," Homura whispers. "Can't we leave it at that?"

"I'm just worried that if we don't say *something*, Kyuubey might," you say. "It's why I suggested warning her to be careful. But again, it's not something that we need to rush into, not at all."

"Not like Kyuubey's gonna just pop up while we're in school," Sayaka says. "Bet you'd just shoot it if it did, anyway. So yeah, Sabrina's right. We don't have to rush it."

Homura doesn't respond to that, her eyes turning to Madoka's petrified form as if trying to divine an answer from her face. She doesn't shrug off your hand, so you keep your hand on her shoulder, offering what comfort and reassurance you can, and after a moment, Sayaka moves over too to squeeze her other shoulder.

*That* gets a minute twitch from Homura, but she doesn't pull away either. Sayaka's eyes meet yours, over Homura's head, and she gives you a searching look as if trying to figure out something - but you have no idea what, so you just raise your eyebrow at her. She raises her eyebrow right back, and turns that contemplative look on Homura.

Lots of speculative thoughts going around today, it feels like. You should get in on that.

The silence stretches out in the endless greys of the timestop, leaving you with just the sounds of your heartbeat and your breathing. It's something that's long become familiar, almost comforting for you - it's Homura's magic, it's her bubble of safety, and one she's willing shared with you. But for Sayaka...

You can see the unease start to creep in, in the way she starts to look around nervously as if spotting movement in the corner of her eyes, the way her breaths shorten a hair. And at the same time, you see her steel herself, exhaling firmly and keeping herself steady and unyielding, staying strong to offer Homura what comfort she can.

Finally, Homura stirs, sucking in a shaky breath and looking up at you.

"I'll... I'll think about it," she says. "I... I will."

"Alright," you say. "And I promise, Homura, that I won't do anything about this without *your* permission, OK?"

"Me too," Sayaka adds. "Just... yeah. The three of us, we'll figure it out." She grimaces. "And honestly, I don't want to tell Madoka and Hitomi either. It's *fucked up*, and I... dunno if they'll take it well. I know we're gonna work on trying to... fix the Witch problem, and it helps to keep that in mind, but... man, it's..."

"Yeah," you agree with a sigh.

"My gut feeling says telling them there's a secret and asking them to stay away would work," Sayaka says, and snorts. "Well... Hitomi might want to know eventually. I think Madoka *would* agree to not look into it, though, so... that leaves the other half of the equation. Prevention."

"Right," you say. "Mm. I can definitely keep up what I already did - it's... pretty obvious if someone's intending to drop a bomb like that, and I can cut off communications in various ways if they're listening in. Heck, I'm... I mean, I need to shield Mami from that, too."

You rub your forehead, frowning.

"The obvious downside is that that's, well, *obvious*. But like..." you wave your hand vaguely. "The idea of an infohazard that should be defended against isn't... out there? I think?"

"Mm," Sayaka agrees, frowning. "Not like we can keep Madoka or Hitomi away from all this. Especially if... y'know." She fidgets with her Soul Gem ring. "I think... well, there's three of us, and at least two of me. We could always try to have one of us with Madoka and Hitomi in this sort of situation? On top of you keeping a lid on things from your end of things, Sabrina."

"That could work," you agree. "And... Correct me if I'm wrong, Homura, but it shouldn't be a common thing, right? Someone trying to use the secret of Witches against us, I mean."

"It isn't," Homura says, her lips thin. "But the cases where it *does* happen are... not good."

"Understatement of the year," Sayaka grumbles. "Heck, I can't imagine how *I'd* react if you hadn't broken it to me gently, Sabrina."

"Yeah, well..." You grin at Sayaka. "Here you are. And I know I said it before, but thank you for... y'know, actually listening through it all before screaming in abject horror and clawing your eyes out."

"You know me," Sayaka says, nodding. "Calm and reasoned and thoughtful, that's me."

Homura gives her a dubious look, disbelief apparently overriding her thoughts. You can't help but laugh, relieved and glad. It's a painful topic for Homura, yes, but she listened, and she's thinking about it. That's all you can ask for.

"Alrighty," you say. "I think that's everything, so... Cleansing for everyone? Any last things to raise?"

"Nah, I'm good," Sayaka says, offering her Soul Gem. "Oh, actually, I'm gonna go ahead and clone myself now, then go lurk, uh... over there somewhere?"

She motions vaguely past the greenery surrounding the path as you cleanse her.

"Sure, that sounds like a plan," you say, and turn to peer at Homura.

Wordlessly, she nods, and holds her hand out to you. A thought drains away the Grief in her Soul Gem, a part of you following Sayaka as she transforms in a blaze of light and splits off a clone, but mostly, you're focused on Homura.

She looks OK.

Perturbed, yes, and obviously thinking hard, if that little furrow in her brow is any indication. More settled than earlier, and neither *distressed* nor fraying in that way that's painfully familiar to you. Concerned and focused, but not so much so that she doesn't notice your attention.

She catches your eye, and nods slightly. She's OK. There's a lot on her mind, but she's OK. And that's enough for you.

"I'll do better, Homura," you promise, quiet and fervent. "Things.... didn't go as badly as they could have, but they could have gone better, too. I'll do better."

Homura nods again, slower, but there's a hint of concern in her eyes, now.

"Are *you* OK?" she asks.

You give the question some thought.

"I am," you say. "I'm... thank you, Homura."

"Good," she says, and turns to help Sayaka adjust her posture.

It takes a couple moments of fussing and shuffling about before Homura's satisfied, striding away into the greenery before allowing time to resume with a shudder, life and sound and colour crashing back into you like a wave. Of course, that leaves you right where you were in the first place: right next to Mami.

You catch Mami's eye, beam at her, and reel her in for a hug. And then you tug on one of her hairdrills.

"Sabrina!" Mami giggles.

"Boing," you say solemnly.

"I take it the talk went well, then?" Mami asks. She laughs as you reach for her other hairdrill and boing that one too, retaliating by capturing your hand in both of hers.

"Well enough," you say, looking around and spotting Homura as she re-emerges from the treeline, squeezing her hand gently. "Settled some issues, and we've all got some stuff to think over, but we're good."

"Homura!" Madoka bounces over to her, beaming. "Is everything OK?"

Homura regards her for a long moment, then nods.

"It is," she says. "As Sabrina said, we have... things to think about, but it's OK."

"Weird to hear *you* say things are OK, Miss Grumpypants Transfer Student," Sayaka says, moving over to clap her on the back. Well, Sayaka's clone, anyway, the real Sayaka retreating somewhere beyond your sensing range.

Hitomi clears her throat.

"We should start moving," she says. "We're in no rush, but we can walk and talk, surely."

---

- [ ] Head off for the hunt
- [ ] Something else to do this morning? (word count limit: 150 words)
- [x] Call Shin and confirm the meeting later tonight, once you've seen your friends off at school.

---

Here we go! Sorry this one was a bit later, was rather wiped last week.
