# Hazard Course Pt. 4

"Yup, yup," you say, waving your hands to chivvy everyone. You're not the only ones starting to pick up the pace towards the school either, vague Brownian motion of clumps of students turning into more purposeful motion. "Don't wanna be late for school, ladies."

"But what about you, Sabrina?" Madoka asks, giggling as she starts to walk.

"Regular delinquent, that's me," you say cheerfully.

"Ah, the delinquency of rising early and making sure everyone gets to school on time," Mami says fondly, leaning against your side. "Such a terrible, corrupting influence."

"*And* ensuring that we have ample balance between work and play," Hitomi adds.

"And worst of all!" Sayaka declares, levelling a dramatic, damning finger at you. "A *morning person*!"

"Guilty on all counts," you say in the exact same cheery tone.

"Incorrigible," Homura says drily.

You snicker, beaming at your friends as you continue onwards, joining the stream of students and soaking in the crisp, cool morning air, the rain having slackened to a drizzle. All too soon, you reach the gates of Mitakihara Middle School.

"See you later!" Madoka says, waving.

"Yup!" you agree. 'Later' being lunch, of course. "See you all!"

You exchange farewells with your friends, and they head off, Homura nodding at you as they leave you in the lee of the walls. Mami is, of course, the exception, lingering by your side and smiling softly at you, and, well, how could you possibly resist the urge to pull her in for a tight hug? She wraps her arms around you in turn, sighing happily.

"I'm going to miss you," you murmur into her hair, unheeding of the other students passing you by.

"I would tease you that it's only a few hours, but..." Mami huffs, the warmth of her breath soaking through your shirt. "I know exactly what you mean, Sabrina. Especially right after the weekend."

"Yeah," you say, and sigh, forcing yourself to step back. "Alright. I'll see you at lunch?"

"You will," Mami says. She takes a deep breath, then leans in again to brush a gentle kiss against your cheek, and smiles. "Stay safe, alright? You owe me a kiss, and I *will* collect."

"With interest, I know," you say, blushing. "And... I will. I'll always come back to you, Mami."

"Alright," Mami says, smile unwavering. "Try not to let Kyouko bully you too much, alright?"

You snort, blush fading in favour of a laugh.

"No promises on *that*," you say. "I'm still figuring out an equilibrium with her, but I'm hoping to actually talk to her today."

Mami accepts that with a nod, but she doesn't move, and neither do you, simply looking at each other with smiles on your faces. You jump as a throat is pointedly cleared nearby, and you blush sheepishly as you glance at Mr Truancy Officer.

"Well, um," Mami says, her cheeks similarly red. She takes a step back. "I should head in."

"Until later, Mami," you say warmly.

Mami nods wordlessly and turns to head in to the school, glancing back every now and then. It's a familiar ritual by now, and you stay there, ignoring the last few students rushing past you and waiting until Mami disappears into the school building with one last look back.

You sigh, smile fading a little, then turn to the truancy officer and bow politely.

"Sorry about that," you say.

"Just doing my job," he says, scratching his chin and regarding you seriously. "Wouldn't want to unnecessarily get someone in trouble for being late. Speaking of which, Miss, I'm sure you have your own school to hurry to?"

"No, actually, I have my accreditation," you say. And it's even true, for a given value of true. The documents prepared for you by Yuuki say so.

"Ah," he says. "Congratulations, then, but you should still be off."

"Understood, thank you," you say, smiling.

You offer him a wave as you head back down the path, making a turn past the neatly manicured trees to where you can sense Sayaka waiting. Rock crunches underfoot as pavement turns into a gravel pathway, shaded by gently waving trees that dump fat, lazy droplets that you bat away from you. She meets you halfway, poking her head out from around a tree and looking around in a manner that's not very surreptitious at all.

"Miss Saotome's in fine form today," she reports. "Not five minutes in and she's picking on Nakazawa already."

"Weekend date turned bad?" you hazard.

"Mmmhm," Sayaka agrees, grinning as she joins you in ambling along the shaded path. "So, where to?"

"Back home to pick up Kyouko and Yuma, they were still asleep when we left," you say.

"And you didn't wake *them* up?" Sayaka asks, giving you an impressive side-eye.

"I'd get stabbed," you say.

"Coward," Sayaka accuses.

"On this? Yeah, yep," you say shamelessly. "Tell you what, if they're still asleep when we get back, *you* can wake her up."

Sayaka squints warily at you.

"Listen, it's no big deal, riiiight?" you say, grinning. "So you do it, show me how it's done."

"... this is a trap," Sayaka decides.

"Nuh-uh," you say. "I've told you exactly what's going to happen, it's just that you don't believe me. Ergo, not a trap. More of a... dare."

"Hmph," Sayaka says. "Maybe I *will*, then."

"Maybe you will!" you say. "Also, hm. Let's get to the rooftops, *I've* got an excuse to be out of school, but you don't."

Sayaka shrugs, but follows your lead as you transform and break from the cover of the greenery, bounding up the rain-slick sides of the nearby office buildings until you reach the roof. She gives you a questioning look as you slow to a stop instead of launching yourself at the next building over, looking curious.

"Two reasons," you say, before she can ask, raising fingers to count off on. "Well, three, I suppose. One, I need to make a phone call. Two, I wanna actually talk to you, so we need to not be going full tilt? Three, if we take our time, maybe Kyouko'll be awake by the time we get back."

"Talk?" Sayaka asks, blinking.

"Nothing bad," you say hurriedly. "Just some organizational stuff and wanting to just get your thoughts on a couple of things."

"Ah," Sayaka says, looking relieved. "Sure, cool."

"But *first* I'm gonna make that call," you say. "So gimme a minute."

"Sure, sure," Sayaka says, shrugging.

She wanders over to the far side of the roof, propping up one foot on the ledge to peer out at the city as you fish out your phone and dial Shin's number. One ring, two rings, three rings... It takes a while before he picks up, but pick up he does.

"Hello, Miss Sabrina!" Shin's voice crackles through your phone. In the background, you can hear... what sounds like him driving? "Are you alright? Though I'm afraid that if you're hoping to talk to Nagisa, I just dropped her off at school."

"Oh! No, no," you say. Back to school, huh? It makes sense, you suppose, and that presumably means that he's on his way to work. "I mean- I wouldn't have objected to talking to her, but I actually wanted to confirm that I'd be available for dinner tonight, if you are?"

"Ah, certainly," he says. "Thank you for following up, actually, I might have forgotten it myself otherwise."

"Thank you for being willing to hear me out," you say. "I didn't want to have to leave Nagisa aside on Saturday, but... well, the reason I *did* is a pretty long story. Hence, um, wanting to meet up to discuss it properly."

He chuckles into the phone.

"I have to say, I'm intrigued," he says. "Something to do with your mysterious presence here in Japan?"

"Hardly a mystery, Mr. Momoe, but... ahhh, it's really too much to explain over the phone," you say. "So, again, thank you for being willing to hear me out, Mr. Momoe."

"It's not a problem," he says. "I'll text you the address later when I'm not driving."

"Got it," you say. "Until this evening!"

"Until this evening," Shin says, and ends the call.

You exhale.

Alright, that's settled then. For now, though, you turn to glance at Sayaka, who's still peering over the city, as if trying to look for something.

"Penny for your thoughts?" you call to her.

"Mitakihara looks weirdly small from up here," she responds. "And we're not even that high up. But there's so many people *living* here for us to protect."

"Small? Really?" you join her at the edge of the roof, surveying the cityscape stretching nigh-on from horizon to horizon.

"You know what I mean," Sayaka grumbles, gesturing at the webwork of roads dizzyingly far beneath your feet.

You snort.

"Yeah, I do," you say. "It *is* a big responsibility for us to take on."

"Mm," Sayaka says, casting one last look out at the city before turning to you. "So, what did you want to talk 'bout?"

"Well, first of all, uh..." You frown thoughtfully. "OK, you haven't talked to Kyouko about our Soul Gems, right?"

"No?" Sayaka asks.

"Right, right," you say. "I... well, I've been looking for the opportunity to tell her, and haven't found one so far, *but*- we *are* expecting the Soujos in Mitakihara today. The Soul Gem thieves Oriko predicted, yeah?"

"Yeah, I remember, and that's... that's probably a good idea," Sayaka concedes, grimacing. "I... yeah."

"Mmh," you say. "Frankly, I'd appreciate your help with that, so."

"Right, yeah, you've got my help, of course," Sayaka says, raking her hand through her hair. "Sheeeeesh."

"Yeah," you agree with a sigh. "Anyway. That makes an OK segue into my next topic, which... let's walk and talk?"

"Sounds impractical, but sure," Sayaka says, giving the boundaries of the bare, sodden roof a dubious look.

Still, she obligingly follows your lead when you take off at a light jog towards the next building. A long bound later, you pick up the conversation, raising your voice a little.

"So," you say slowly. "This is more of me sounding out a few thoughts that've been bouncing around my head than anything, and I wanna hear your thoughts about it?"

"Uh-huh?" Sayaka says.

"Right, so..." you ruminate on it for a minute, the wind whistling by you as you jog onwards. "You said something a while ago, about how we're an extraordinarily privileged group, with Mami and Homura to act as our safety nets. To make it *easy* to be safe. And, er, myself. And that's, well, true."

"Yeah, I noticed," Sayaka says. "I mean... yeah, I've gotten to see what other groups *do* to get Grief Seeds and to *survive*. I bet I haven't seen the worst of it, either. Fighting all the time just to live, instead of us fighting because it's the right thing to do... yeah."

"Yep," you agree. She's behind you, but you tilt your head far enough to catch an arched eyebrow, her curiosity held in check for now. You slow to a walk on the next office building roof, giving her a serious look. "The thing is, well... you've probably seen it by now, but Mami and Homura are... vulnerable, too. Just in different ways from us."

"From *us*, huh?" Sayaka says, the tone of her voice amused. "I... know what you mean, sure. But I don't think I'm in the same category as *you* are."

"Hm?" you say, tilting her head. "Oh, uh... yeah, I suppose so. Though I... wasn't trying to downplay myself, just that... well, Mami and Homura alone are *formidable*. If you had them both as your sempais, you'd *still* be incredibly well-off as a newbie magical girl."

"Like I said, I know what you mean," she says, rolling her eyes. "But *you're* also a huge part of the safety net I *do* have, and it's not like *you* don't freak out sometimes too. But that's fine, we're all here for you too. We're all here for each other, right?"

"Well, yes," you say. "However, *ahem*. The point I *was* going to make before I was so rudely interrupted-" You pointedly ignore Sayaka's snicker. "-is that I *could* just tell you you've made a great deal of impact on both Homura and Mami, and yes, me. *Or* I could simply tell you that under the cover of her own power, *Homura*'s told me the same thing, when no one else was around to hear."

Sayaka blinks.

"... really?" she says.

"Yes, really," you say, smiling. "I'm not going into the details, because those aren't my place to share, but *yeah*. She did. And you know what she's like."

"W-well," Sayaka stutters, rubbing her nose as her cheeks bloom an embarrassed red. "Yeah, I... she's... *gah*!" Sayaka throws her hands in the air, kicking her feet against the concrete of the roof and splashing rainwater over the edge. "Where the hell do you get off, dropping something like *that* on me?"

You snicker, flicking her in the shoulder.

"You're part of the team, Sayaka," you say. "Even Homura appreciates you. Mami does too, and so do I."

"Yeah, I-" Sayaka shakes her head. "*Man*. Really?"

"*Absolutely*," you say with a smile. "So chin up, Sayaka. I'm not saying this to butter you up or anything, just... I wanted you to know. I wanted you to *know*, Sayaka, that you're valued."

Sayaka huffs.

"Yeah, well, so are you," she grumbles. "Like, I gotta say it. I get that you're... I dunno, scared about your power sometimes, but you're part of the team as well. You know that too, right?"

"I... uh?" you say. "I'm not scared of my power?"

"No, uh-" Sayaka makes a frustrated noise. "Not of your *magic*, of your *power*. You're *terrified* of becoming a, a, tyrant. Of just... overrunning us. Yeah?"

"... kind of, yeah," you say, frowning. "I mean, it's a real concern."

"Mmh," Sayaka says. "Right, but my point is that *you're* part of the team. And we'll help you with that."

---

- [ ] Proceed with vote
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

    - [x] You used to spend a lot of time fretting about her wishing "to be able to do something." It's... there can be disconnects, between wishes and outcomes. Sometimes they're severe. Sometimes other people can make them worse. A lot of the time, people wish for what they think will get them what they want and then find out that they're not happy with it. She was always going to be able to do something, but you were worried about whether she'd end up actually feeling that *what* she was doing *was something*.
          - [x] You spent a lot of time fretting about her wish, after she made it. You don't really think about it anymore. It really seems to be working out for her. (We would REALLY LIKE to hear what Sayaka's response to this is!)

\=====​

I've got something of a headache, so here, a three-quarter-ish update. A bit of a mid-vote cutoff here, but I wanted to update today.
