# Hazard Course Pt. 5

You stare at Sayaka for a moment, then grin ruefully, conceding the point.

"I'm trying to make a point here, and then you had to show me up," you grumble. "I appreciate that, Sayaka, thank you."

"What're friends for, hey?" Sayaka asks, then glances away and scuffs her feet against the rain-slick concrete. "Also, I'm allergic to too much sincerity, you know that."

"Better take your antihistamines, then, because I'm not done yet," you say. "And I'm not just trying to embarrass you via compliments or something, I both have a point to make *and* I actually want to get a feel for where you are on things?"

"I reserve the right to deflect with snark," Sayaka says, raising her eyebrows. "But sure, hit me."

You grin.

"Well... so, I have to admit, I was actually kind of worried about your Wish, after you made it. Spent a good bit of thought fretting about it, even," you say, waving your hand vaguely at the rain-soaked world beyond. "And I'm not saying that as a dig against you - the opposite, actually. It's *context* for the fact that I *don't* worry about it any more, and it's just..."

"Being a magical girl has a lot of downsides?" Sayaka completes for you.

"No- well, yes, but I meant about your *Wish* specifically," you say, grimacing. "And again, it's not a dig against you. It's that a lot of the time, people... there's *disconnects* between what people want or expect, and the actual outcomes. People get what they *Wish* for, not necessarily what they *want*."

Sayaka frowns, mouth opening as if to protest, then shuts it, looking thoughtful for a moment.

"I... well, you know what I *was* thinking about Wishing for, don't you?" Sayaka asks, looking awkwardly away from you. "I... well, I guess I'd *sort* of have gotten what I wanted with that Wish, but... yeah, I guess I can see the problem."

"Yeah," you agree with a sigh. It feels like it's been forever ago, but then again - you'd stepped in to help heal Kyousuke's hand in place of Sayaka's Wish. And *that* had been one more straw on the camel's back that led to Sayaka making her Wish to be able to help.

The conversation lapses for a moment, the silence stretching between the two of you. The drizzling rain continues to patter off the concrete roof in a neat circle around the two of you, muddling the distant roar of traffic.

"People Wish for what they *think* will get them what they want," you say eventually. "Problem is, knowing what you *actually* want isn't the easiest thing in the world. So there's disconnects, like I said. Some people wind up rejecting their magic, even, and that's... not great."

"And you were worried about me?" Sayaka asks, scowling at you and folding her arms.

"Past tense, yes," you say with an easy grin. "I *was* worried about whether you'd be happy like this, that what you're doing *is* something, you know? Wishes are... tricky things."

"... eh, I suppose I get it," Sayaka concedes, the frown breaking. "I mean, I don't *get* it get it, but I get it. I... well, thanks, I guess. I mean... I was a little irritated when I figured out the constant upkeep thing meant going independent wouldn't be an option, but it took like thirty seconds to ask why I would *want* to?"

She unfolds her arms and grins at you.

"I've got the best team in the world, *and* it's with my friends," she says, pride shining through her tone. "You and Mami are kind of massive dorks, but that's fine, Homura's cool enough to make up for the two of you. Madoka and Hitomi are in on it too, and we're all doing *great* things together, and it's not like I'm just a follower there. I'm *part* of it, from start to finish. So... I mean, yeah, I'm happy."

"... good," you say, exhaling and smiling at her. "I'm glad, Sayaka."

"Honestly, it's almost like my Wish was pushing me in this direction?" Sayaka muses. "I mean, it kind of made it so I'd want to be a part of a team. Which isn't..." The frown returns, this time pensive and thoughtful. "Which isn't really what I had in mind at the time, but isn't *isn't* what I had in mind? I dunno."

"That made sense," you say drily. "But I suppose I kind of get what you mean. Though really, it... look, trite as it sounds, you were always going to be *able* to do something, you know? I was worried that you wouldn't be happy with the Wish you'd made for it, but I can *see* you're making things work for you. So I'm glad. I really am."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says, waving it off and looking thoughtful. "Y'know, I don't think it's really *normal* to find your calling in life at fourteen, but like..." She snorts. "I wouldn't mind considering this mine. Feels like fate, somehow."

"*Fate* is also a tricky topic," you say, making a face. "I mean, magic. Heck, we *know* girls whose magic can mess with fate, maybe, probably. Fate, karma, etcetera, etcetera. It's weird, and I *really* don't know enough about it."

"Yeah..." Sayaka says, scratching her head thoughtfully as she glances out at the city. "... hey. You mentioned rejecting magic, right?"

"Yeah?" you say.

"That's... what happened to Mikuni," Sayaka says slowly, as if she's trying to piece a few thoughts together.

"... yeah?" you encourage.

"... so... that's *also* what happened to Kyouko, isn't it?" Sayaka says. Her frown grows deeper. "I... hrm."

"Huh," you say, blinking as you're reminded, once again, that Sayaka's honestly not at all stupid, no matter the bad choices she made elsewhere and elsewhen, and that Kyuubey's far, *far* better at *grooming* magical girls than you'd care to admit. "Well, it's not my place to give any details, but I *will* say that it's a delicate topic and you should be careful about raising it."

You meet her eyes, sky blue to clear cerulean, and she looks back for a moment before nodding, expression solemn. Message received, then.

"Anyway!" you say after a moment, clapping your hands and grinning. Your face wasn't built to be serious for too long, really. "So, that's what I wanted to say, Sayaka."

"Yeah, alright," Sayaka says, bouncing lightly on her toes. "And, er, thank you, I guess. I appreciate it. I... hope my response was... useful? I dunno what you were looking for, really, and I'm not *you*, I can't drop entire monologues impromptu."

She sticks her tongue out at you, and you laugh.

"I just wanted to get a sense of where you are with your Wish and what you're doing, honest," you say with an easy grin. "It wasn't so long ago that you made your Wish, after all, and it's important to keep an eye on this sort of life-changing thing."

Sayaka makes a vague grumbling noise.

"Anyway, shall we go?" she says. "I wanna get moving!"

"Eager to see Kyouko again, huh?" you tease. "But yeah, let's go!"

Sayaka doesn't dignify that with a response, simply pivoting on her heel to leap for the next building, sure-footed and undaunted by the drizzling rain. You join her, snickering under your breath as you extend your rain-repelling effect.

You make it back to the apartment in time to witness a ball of red hair shambling to the table, a smaller lump of green attached to her side as both of them unerringly home in on the still-warm breakfast. There's a moment's worth of confusion as sleep-addled brains figure out the covers, and then the swarm of piranhas descend.

"Where does it all *go*?" Sayaka whispers to you, watching in avidly morbid fascination.

"I'll be honest, I have no idea," you whisper back.

You glance at Sayaka.

She looks back at you.

Twin nods of perfect understanding, two souls in sync for a moment.

You both beat a hasty retreat from the kitchen, lest you be next to be devoured, and decide to wait on the sofa until Kyouko's a bit more coherent. Mugin flutters over to greet you with a sleepy chirrup, and you happily lavish him with scritches.

"... did you really give him cake last night?" Sayaka says after an exchange of chirps.

"Yep," you say. "Seemed fair, everyone else had a slice. Besides, he'd probably have stolen it if we didn't."

"Braaawk," Mugin offers.

"Yes, yes, braaawk to you too," you say.

"Caw," Mugin says, mollified, and fluffs his wings up.

"Do you think Kyouko'll be muc- oh, there we go." Sayaka cuts herself off as Kyouko shambles out of the kitchen and throws herself at the free sofa seat beside Sayaka, landing with a thump. Yuma crawls onto her lap and curls up, eyes firmly closed.

"'morning!" you say.

"'mrng," Kyouko mumbles in response. She yawns hugely, jaw cracking as she rubs blearily at her eyes, focusing on you for a second then staring at Sayaka in blank incomprehension while the gears slowly turn.

"... oh, it's you," she decides after a long moment.

"Good morning to you too," Sayaka grumbles.

"Mrg," Kyouko says. "Too f'ckn' early."

"Oh come *on*, you big baby," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "*I* had to get up early *and* I'm in *school* right now."

"Mrrrrrrrrg," Kyouko counters, reaching out blindly to shove Sayaka into you.

*See what I mean?* you mouth at Sayaka, who just rolls her eyes. At *you*, as if you don't have perfectly well founded and completely reasonable cause to be afraid of Kyouko, especially a sleepy, grouchy Kyouko that's just been shoved clear off the sofa in retaliation.

There's no justice in this world, there really isn't. *You'd* get a spear right in the gut for trying something like that, you're definitely very completely sure, and also definitely very completely sure you're not exaggerating at all about that, but *Sayaka* gets the velvet gloves. Even Yuma gets gentle handling, rolled off the sofa and onto the floor as she is.

Still, *you're* not going to risk it, so instead you take a moment to fish Yuma off the carpet -still asleep, somehow- and levitate the coffee table so they have room to wrestle on the floor. Yuma makes a sleepy, content noise and buries her face in your side.

You poke her in the cheek, ignoring the sounds of Kyouko and Sayaka wrestling on the floor.

"You awake?" you ask.

"No," Yuma says.

"Oh, ok," you say, and ruffle her hair gently.

You watch as Kyouko wrangles Sayaka facedown into the rug and sits on her back, knees digging into her shoulders. Sayaka continues to struggle in vain, flailing in annoyance. A fairly decisive win for Kyouko, and pretty much the expected result - the only real surprise is that it took so long. Sayaka's getting better, you suppose.

"More awake now?" you enquire mildly.

"Fuck off," Kyouko grumbles as she hauls herself upright. "So. Wondergirl along for the hunt?"

"Yep," you agree. "Is that going to be a problem?"

"Nah, just checking," she says, and turns to glare at Sayaka. "You better be keeping up."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says. She hasn't bothered to get up, her face still mashed into the carpet.

"So, how've you been handling all the shit that's been going down?" you ask, eyeing Kyouko sidelong.

Kyouko narrows her eyes at you.

"Out with it," she snaps.

"Well, I ask mostly because I'm about to drop some shit on you," you say. "And yes, it *is* actually important, as in *maybe* life-and-death thanks to the Soujos."

"For fucking real?" Kyouko groans, closing her eyes. "What is it *this* time?"

"Just listen to her, Kyouko, it's important," Sayaka says, kicking her feet out and pulling herself into a cross-legged sitting position, the humour fading from her face as she regards the two of you.

"Well," you say. "I told you about the Soujos, right?"

You peer down at Yuma, who's cracked an eye open to listen in. Gently, you nudge her to sit up, steeling your heart against the woebegone pout she levels in your direction. She should listen too.

"Crazy magical girls, two of 'em in one body who collect Soul Gems," Kyouko says promptly. Despite the annoyance in her face, she *is* paying attention.

You grimace, and... you should probably go right for it. You doubt Kyouko would appreciate you dancing around the topic, anyway, and you know that Kyouko doesn't *usually* take it too badly. You exhale, and look Kyouko in the eyes.

"The term 'Soul Gem' is completely literal," you say. "Kyuubey extracts our souls and puts them in our Soul Gems."

Kyouko doesn't react beyond her jaw tightening, the lines of her neck going taut as Grief spikes in her Soul Gem. Not to any *dangerous* degree, no, but nevertheless something you're keeping an eye on. Neither does Yuma react much, making a curious noise and holding her hand up to observe her Soul Gem ring.

"Jesus *Christ*," Kyouko says, the words leaving her in an explosive rush. "You're sure?"

"Completely," you say. "I'm sorry."

"Big sis?" Yuma asks. She, too, pulls herself fully upright to give Kyouko a look of concern. "Is... is this bad?"

"I... fuck, no, it's- it's *fine*, Yuma, just a shock," Kyouko shakes herself from trying to bore a hole in the walls with her glare. "I... fuck, I *suspected*, but..."

She kneels down in front of Yuma, visibly forcing herself to relax, and gently pats her on the head.

"Our Soul Gems are even more important than I told you before, OK?" Kyouko tells Yuma, her voice almost disconcertingly gentle. "You *must* keep yours safe. That's all."

"OK," Yuma says, looking up at Kyouko with huge, wobbly eyes. "Are you OK, big sis?"

"Yeah, Yuma, I am," Kyouko says softly. "We'll talk about this more later, alright? But keep your Soul Gem safe."

"Yeah," you agree with a sigh. "That's important."

"Mmrg," Kyouko grunts, standing and turning back to you with a raised eyebrow, as if challenging you to comment.

"Well. As to *why* I'm raising this now," you say, taking that as a cue to continue. "The Soujus are Soul Gem collectors. Recovering those Soul Gems is a priority, because those girls are still alive. Unconscious, but alive. Which leads me to the second point - if your Soul Gem and body are separated by over a hundred meters, you'll disconnect from your body. *And* as far as I know, the Soujus have an attack that can disconnect you directly."

"*Christ*," Kyouko mutters. "Fine. Fucking fine. Knew movin' back here would be a pain in the ass. What's the tell?"

"As far as I know, which *in this case could be wrong*, it requires direct touch," you say, eyeing Kyouko. "So watch out for her trying to touch you."

Sayaka nods at that, looking thoughtful.

"Aight," Kyouko says with a sigh. "We headin' out, or d'you have any *more* bombshells to drop?"

---

- [ ] Head off for the hunt!
- [ ] Actually...
  - [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Augh, slightly weird cut-off point again, I'm sorry. But I'm sleepy and wanted to actually update today. Also, reminding Kyouko to cleanse will be an automatic action.
