# Hazard Course Pt. 6

"Girl, do *not* fucking tempt me," you say, levelling an accusing finger at Kyouko.

She raises an eyebrow at you, thoroughly unimpressed, even as Sayaka stiffens, glancing at you.

You roll your eyes.

"A couple more, but nothing that I'm going to drop right now," you say, scowling. "They're... big, but yeah, no. Not now."

"Yeah, I wasn't gonna listen even if you wanted to anyway," Kyouko says, shrugging and transforming in a blaze of red. She summons her spear and slings it over her shoulder, giving you a pointed, annoyed look. "Let's fucking go."

... you know, that's almost a relief, somehow. You ignore Sayaka's snickering as you push off the sofa, Yuma bouncing to her feet beside you with a still-sleepy cheer. You transform, set the coffee table back down, and grin.

"Lead on, O fearless leader," you say.

"Keep up if you can," Kyouko retorts.

She lunges for the window, spear flicking out in a delicate movement to pop the latch and shove it open as she dives through in a single, flowing motion. Yuma bounds after her, her much smaller frame slipping through feetfirst without any problem and leaving you and Sayaka looking awkwardly at each other.

"... I'll reinforce the window so it doesn't break," you decide.

"Probably a good idea," Sayaka concedes, and bounds for the window.

You can't help but wince at the awkward clunk and yell of pain as her elbow collides with Grief, but it's better than getting broken glass in her arm, you hope. At least the Grief gives you a sense of the window, and you manage to avoid slamming into anything, more Grief boiling forth ahead of you so you have a surface to land on.

"Took your time!" Kyouko jeers, clinging to the rain-slick side of the building with one arm and a leg. There's a faint red glow under her fingertips, anchoring her there, and Yuma seems to have picked up the same technique as well, glowing green. You catch a glimpse of a Grief Seed as Kyouko slips it back into hiding with her free hand - just cleansed, then, so you don't need to raise it.

"Yeah, but you're still here," you say drily.

Kyouko rolls her eyes and pushes off the wall, throwing herself at the next building, Yuma following with ease. Sayaka catches your eye for the second time in as many minutes, and you shrug helplessly as she follows on a streak of glowing blue.

Still, Kyouko doesn't push too hard, and you manage to catch up, dismissing the Grief platform in favour of getting in more roof hopping practice. The four of you race across Mitakihara, the drizzling rain driven against you by the wind stealing heat from the air that the meagre sun entirely fails to replenish.

All in all, a nicely ominous morning for hunting Witches, you think. And for confrontations with probably homicidal magical girls. Well, arguably homicidal. Is it homicide if you just leave your victims in suspended animation? Arguably *probably* homicidal doesn't have the same cachet to it.

... Definitely a serial kidnapper, at least.

Kyouko veers to the side, and you can sense the first Barrier of the day - far off, but you're approaching fast.

"*Straight in!*" Kyouko calls, and that's your warning as she dives straight through the rain, straight into the Barrier entrance floating right between the office buildings. Yuma follows with a whoop, slamming her mace down and rebounding into a somersault with a flash of green.

Sayaka plunges into the portal, leaving you to take the rear. You fall after them, bracing yourself for the inevitable *wrongwrongwrong* of a Witch's Barrier, a shock to the senses like a slap to the face after the cold chill of the rain.

You jolt through the veil between realities, and don't bother to restrain yourself. This Grief is *yours* and no one else's, the distant screech of protest notwithstanding. The colour drains from around you, the Witch's reality fraying from-

From-

Uh.

Well, you're not quite sure what you're looking at. Around *you* is little more than crumbling grey, shattered edges around a crater gouged from an endless labyrinth of virulent, fluorescent *light* and *colour*, a riot of every shade of the rainbow bubbling slowly through a winding tangle of vaguely rubbery tubes. Neons, you realize - lighting neons, like those used for signs, by way of lava lamps: slowly bubbling, *glowing* liquids running through tubes and rise up to form skeletal walls in demented imitation of the city beyond. A city, if it were built out of those long balloon animal balloons filled with neon slime, and baking slowly from the heat radiating from the lights.

Something goes *gloop*.

Ahead of you, Kyouko and Yuma have already taken off in a sweeping blur of red and green, dull by comparison to the blaze of colour, spear and mace held ready as they dash through the 'streets'.

"C'mon!" Sayaka yells at you, already taking off after them - first sprinting, then taking to the air with a musical chime, lines of blue igniting beneath her feet.

You jolt into motion, bounding after them with wings boiling out to full span as you leap after them. Not as propulsion, not now, save maybe to help you bound along, but as weapon and shield alike. You stare into the technicolor murk, scanning for the Witch or its Familiars, and...

"There!" you call. "The windows!"

Dozens -hundreds- of faces peering dully at you through windows. Faceless faces, scrawled words replacing any features that you might expect, somehow managing to stare listlessly at the four of you.

"On it!" Sayaka barks, slicing at the air with one sword, then the other, lightning crackling through the air to carve through the glowing walls. Electricity arcs in dancing strikes, Familiars and neon structures alike exploding into virulently coloured goop. An acrid smell, like burning plastic, starts to seep through the air, Sayaka grimacing and leaping back.

You twist to lead with the edge of your wing, cleaving through the walls without breaking stride. Grief forms into blades at your will, hunting through the building in deadly, spiraling patterns and smashing through Familiar after Familiar. It's a dance you've gotten to know well, some part of your mind effortlessly guiding each blade on its jagged path.

Motion up ahead is Kyouko flicking a glance back at you for a moment. But whatever passed through her head in that moment, she slows to bark an order to Yuma, and their headlong charge shifts to something more deliberate, Yuma bounding into a leaping smash of her mace that sends shockwaves of luminescent green rippling out to crash into the buildings, blasting apart the snaking tubes and Familiars alike. Kyouko's spear follows, whipping chains and extending sections striking like a living thing to hunt through the survivors.

The four of you rip through the Barrier in search of the Witch, accelerating as you hit your stride. The Familiars don't attack either, endless ranks of dark scrawls staring down at you uncaringly as you tear through their fellows.

"Witch ahead! Swing left, cut it off!" Kyouko barks over the crash of weaponry and magic, spear swinging wide to gesture towards one of the side roads.

You sense the Witch - you see it too, just a glimpse in the distance. A scrabbling mass, endless arms and legs of different sizes and skin colours, all clawing over each other in a horrid, ungainly gait as the Witch flees with deceptive speed down the streets. Kyouko leaps for the walls, spear dragging through the twisting pipes in a spray of sparks and slime, and that's all you get to see as you dive around the corner, Sayaka hard on your heels.

The Witch flees down the street, bizarrely silent but for the constant *slap-slap-slap-* of hands and feet against the ground, audible even one street over, even over the detonation of Yuma's magic and clatter of Kyouko's chains. You can hear it crashing into the pipework walls, and it-

You can sense Familiars winking out of existence as the Witch careens drunkenly from one side of the street to the other, the Familiars snatched through windows by their progenitor and crushed into the ground even as it continues to flee from Kyouko.

And...

*There*.

A slash to the left, then to the right with your wings, Grief flooding forward in a roiling wave. And you've timed it *just so* that as the Witch slams once more into the tangle of tubes on the side opposite to you, the weakened parts groan under its weight and the entire building slumps. And then Kyouko cannons into it from the back, and the pipes explode.

The Witch crashes through, hurled through an exploding, stinking spray of technicolour goop that you weave through. Hundreds of limbs do the Witch little good as it tumbles through the flood, flailing wildly to no avail.

You could kill it, you know. At any point it was in your range, really, just tear it apart. But no. Not when you're asking Kyouko and Yuma to help, not when Sayaka's at your back, sparking brilliant blue as she gathers lightning between her palms. Not when-

"*Hyaaah!*"

Kyouko yells wordlessly as she thrusts a hand skyward. The ground explodes, the gleam of a titanic spearhead visible for a moment before it slams *through* the Witch in a spray of rainbow gore, transfixing it from beneath, then curling and crushing like an anaconda. A heartbeat later, a bolt of lightning crackles past you and-

Propelled by some sixth sense, you duck behind your wings, folding them around you. And just in time, as the Witch *pops*.

Pops with a sound like a balloon popping.

Pops, and splatters that goo *everywhere*.

A stunned heartbeat as the Barrier wavers, and then-

"*Ew!*" Yuma wails. "Ew, ew, ew!"

"Not dangerous," Kyouko observes. "Good work, Yuma, except that last bit."

You poke your head out from the tent formed by your wings, just in time to see Kyouko dismiss the chain wall she'd summoned to shield herself from the explosion. The death of the Witch left you atop what looks like an apartment building, the many air conditioners silent with the residents departed for the day. The steady drizzle continues to puddle underfoot, the chill in the air a sharp contrast to the dry heat of the Barrier.

"Id god in Yuma's mouth!" Yuma wails, spitting out bits of rainbow gunk.

"Gotta duck faster. We'll work on that," Kyouko says, smirking, but kneels down, pulling a bottle of water from somewhere. "Here. Rinse and spit."

"Yuck," Sayaka mutters. It looks like she'd managed to hide behind her cloak in time. A quick snap, and the rainbow viscera slides off, dissipating in the sullen sun and leaving her cloak pristine white.

"*You* need a better big attack," Kyouko grumbles, turning on her. "That took, what, twenty seconds to charge? That's fucking forever. The lightning's not even yours, right?"

"Yeah, but it's the easiest one to use I've got," Sayaka says with a frown as she pulls her Clear Seed out and cleanses.

"Work out something with your own magic," Kyouko says.

"Er..." Sayaka says, scratching her head. "My magic's *copying*. I'm not sure I can get anything offens... oh, like your spear. OK. I'll... think about it?"

The Grief Seed interrupts the conversation as it falls to the roof with a quiet ping, landing near you on the edge of one of the few air conditioning units still running. It glimmers in the rain, balancing impossibly on its point as Kyouko marches over and scoops it up.

She glances up at the drizzling rain for a moment. You're sure she sees the way it veers away as it enters your range, leaving a circle clear of raindrops around all of you, but she doesn't comment on that, simply staring at the blobby grey clouds scudding across the sky before turning her glare on you.

"*You* work on using your hammer," she says with a ferocious scowl. "You *still* suck with that, no matter how fancy your magic is."

"... Yeah, alright," you say. You doubt that you'll ever be *good* with it, but Kyouko's right, there's no reason not to practice.

The scowl intensifies, before Kyouko breaks the glare and turns away deliberately.

"Next Witch is... that way," she says, swinging a new spear out to indicate the direction. "Let's get a move on."

You dismiss your wings as you race after them - really, practice aside, roof hopping is *fun*, a kind of pure exhilaration you don't think you'll ever get tired of as you leap across the chasm between buildings, footing secure despite the puddling rain. *And* there's that whole thing about practicing not using your wings against the next Witch, of course.

The next Witch you run down uncomfortably near a primary school. Kyouko leads the charge into the Barrier, as expected, Yuma bounding right after her while you and Sayaka take the rear.

*This* Barrier is a world of silhouettes, each of you a shadow of bold colour amidst the deepest, empty black of the Barrier. Kyouko spares a moment to glance at herself and Yuma, the two of them featureless cutouts of faded crimson and living green, movements leaving trails of luminescent red and green.

*OK, that's new,* Sayaka says. Her eyes widen as she spins on the spot, outline flaring wide with her cloak. *What the fuck?*

You blink. You can hear her, despite not actually *hearing* her - and for that matter, you can see her expression despite the fact that she's just a cutout of cerulean blue.

*Barrier fuckery,* Kyouko says. *Don't worry about it, Wondergirl. Just go for the Witch. And *you*.* Kyouko scowls at you. \*You're supposed to be practicing with your hammer, not your fancy wings.

Huh? I-\* you say, and cut off as you catch movement in the corner of your eye.

You're the monochrome white you might expect of this Barrier, but-

Your wings. You'd resisted the urge to *form* them, but they're *there*. Invisible outlines, somehow more *vivid* than the flat monochromes of the Barrier despite not actually having any colour. Movement makes them even more visible as you twist your shoulders back and forth, watching as colour *realer* than the rest of the Barrier trails in their afterimage.

*I... didn't form those,* you say, waving your hand through where the wings seem to be. Perhaps unsurprisingly, you manage to wave right through them - intangible, non-existent, but nevertheless *present*.

Christ, Kyouko mutters. *You and your bullshit.*

---

- [ ] Examine/speculate your wings more in-depth
  - [ ] How? Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)
- [ ] Just get on with it

---

And a happy new year to everyone!
