# Hazard Course Pt. 8

You can't help but cringe a little at the thought of confronting Kyouko about this. On the one hand, you've been hoping for an opportunity like this, and thought that one might come with her opening up a little during this hunt, but on the other, she's *Kyouko*. More than that, she's cranky. It's not even the threat of violence, really, if you're being completely honest, you don't *really* mind getting lightly stabbed.

It's just... you're afraid of it going wrong. She's Kyouko, and, yes, she's *cranky*. You want to be her friend. You want her around - for Mami's sake, for Sayaka's sake, for Yuma's sake. For your *own* sake, because jaded and cynical and generally irascible she might be, but she's also smart and *unflinchingly* loyal and *caring*. Deep down, but still.

And Mami still considers her a friend.

That, alone, is enough reason.

Even so, you're not entirely *sure* how you should be approaching this one. Kyouko's insecurities about being a charity case, about Mami having *replaced* her with you and all the other girls new to Mitakihara, about how secure she might be here. Fear *for* her place here, uncertainty about where she stands with Mami, with you an ever-present reminder that any attempt she might make to re-establish their old dynamic would be doomed from the beginning.

Mami thinks that all she needs is time, and maybe she's right. Heck, maybe this *is* the time she needed, she *has* been opening up more, and you'd been *hoping* that this hunt would be what she needed for that last little step.

So there probably *is* no better time than now. You haven't reached the next Witch yet -and you *do* rather hope Kyouko didn't set you all up to poach from Masami, but you're pretty sure she wouldn't have- so you have the room to call a halt. And Kyouko brought it up *now*. Snidely, obliquely, *aggressively*, but she brought it up now, and you're savvy enough to read between the lines, thank you very much. Then again, it's more like she's wiggling at a loose tooth with her tongue than anything, a sort of morbid, can't-help-herself kind of poking around the edges of an uncomfortable topic.

You flick your gaze back to Sayaka as you land on the next roof, motioning towards her. She can take point on this one, you think, and you'll back her up. *You're* at least one of the biggest causes of Kyouko's discomfort, and that makes you... *not* the best person to broach the topic.

Sayaka nods, slowing to a halt with a loud scrape of boots on wet concrete. Kyouko, already on the far edge of the roof, skids to a stop, snagging Yuma by the collar when *she* fails to stop in time and nearly shoots right over the edge of the roof.

Kyouko turns to face you and Sayaka, eyebrow raised.

"Don't give me that," Sayaka says, planting one fist on her hip and raising *both* eyebrows aggressively. "*You're* the one picking at this."

"Picking at *nothing*," Kyouko growls. "You don't know what you're talking about, Wondergirl."

"Oh *please*," Sayaka says. "You're not subtle, Kyouko."

... you're... not sure having Sayaka lead was the best idea.

Alright, sure, Sayaka's probably the only one who *can* talk to Kyouko like that. *You* sure can't, Mami wouldn't. Kyouko actually respects and likes Sayaka. So Sayaka *can*. And, well, you're trusting Sayaka to know what she's doing, up to and including *annoying* Kyouko. And maybe that's a winning strategy?

"Christ," Kyouko mutters, closing her eyes. "Are we doing this? We're doin' this. Fine. Yuma, this is going to be loud. D'you mind going over there for a bit?"

"Uh..." Yuma glances between the three of you.

"We'll be fine, we just need to talk 'bout some personal stuff," you say. "It won't be long, OK?"

"Nuh-uh," Yuma says. Her jaw sets as she turns back to Kyouko. "Someone needs to be on your side, big sis."

"Yuma-" Kyouko kneels down to take her shoulders gently, looking at her seriously. "Please, just-"

"Nuh-*uh*," Yuma insists. "Yuma will stay. Yu- *I* will listen for big sis."

Kyouko closes her eyes briefly, tipping her head back to stare blindly at the sky for a moment. The silence spreads, the drumming of the rain shrouding out even the insistent press of the traffic below.

"That's your choice, then," Kyouko grunts. "Fine. Don't say I didn't warn you."

"Big sis warns me about *many* things," Yuma mutters rebelliously.

Kyouko makes a quiet, inarticulate noise, and rounds on Sayaka, folding her arms. Behind her back, Yuma's stubborn scowl, a mirror of Kyouko's own, dissolves into a look of faint worry. You catch her eye and nod slightly, both of you stepping aside to give Sayaka room to face Kyouko full-on.

"Let's have it, then," Kyouko growls at Sayaka.

"Yeah, well-" Sayaka falters for a second, then rallies, squaring her shoulders to face Kyouko. "Get that stick out of your ass, Kyouko. Enough of your damn pity party."

The rain continues to drizzle down, pattering off the roof around you in a wide circle.

"*What* did you just say?" Kyouko's diction *sharpens*, her customary drawl disappearing.

"You *heard* me," Sayaka snaps back. "You're not *subtle*, Kyouko. *I* can see you being all... tip-toey around Sabrina and Mami."

You know.

Some days, you're glad your hair's *already* white. It means you can't go prematurely grey out of stress.

Unless maybe your hair does the opposite and *darkens* so that it goes grey *anyway*? That wouldn't even make any sense, but what do *you* know? Magical girls are magic, magic is *subjective*, people go grey when they're stressed, you are *repeatedly* and *frequently* stressed. Quod erat demonstratum.

"Not subtle, hm," Kyouko says, silken. "And why not?"

"Heck if I know," Sayaka says with a shrug, her expression carefully neutral. "But *you're* the one who keeps picking at the scab. Heck, *I* wouldn't be talking to you *now* if you weren't *just* making a fuss about it. I'm barely even a part of it, other than by being friends with all of you."

"If you're not part of this, and you know it," Kyouko says, quiet and furious. "Then butt *out*, Wondergirl."

"Sure," Sayaka says, unfolding her arms. "You know who *is* a part of this?"

She gestures at you, and before either you *or* Kyouko can open your mouths to protest -you're not sure if you appreciate being thrown under the bus, even if it's a tactical throwing- Sayaka whirls to confront Kyouko, her cape swirling.

"*I* care about this because you're all my friends," she snaps. "But the only one who's being a passive aggressive ass about it is *you*. Grow up and *talk*."

"Yeah, because that's *easy*," Kyouko snaps right back.

"Of *course* it isn't," Sayaka says. "But it's not going to get better if you just let it fester."

She takes a step forward, shoulders squared and unwavering in the face of Kyouko's glare. Kyouko, by contrast, sways backwards, one boot on the precipice of the rain-slick roof, and Sayaka stops.

"You've got to make a choice, Kyouko," Sayaka says softly. "No, it's not easy. But no one's laughing at you - no one's *judging* you."

Kyouko stares at Sayaka for a long moment, then laughs, sharp and bitter.

"I've lost everyone I ever cared about," Kyouko says, her voice dead. "You want to know what this is *about*? I lost my home. I lost my family, and *it was my fault*. I lost the only other home I ever knew, the friend who *gave* me that home, *because I pushed her away*. And now I'm *back here* to do it *all over again* because I *can't fucking help myself!*"

"And everywhere I *go*," Kyouko snarls, jabbing her finger at you. "Miss *Perfect*. Always so eager to *help*."

By the end of her rant, Kyouko's shaking with rage, Yuma peering worriedly at her as she falls silent. Sayaka's jaw is set stubbornly, and you're... pretty sure that she's ready to rebut Kyouko if *you* don't step in quickly.

---

- [ ] Proceed as planned
- [ ] Continue to let Sayaka speak
- [ ] Change your approach
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Back Sayaka up, carefully, should the conversation turn in your direction. You don't - won't - regret reaching out and offering to help people. But that doesn't make Kyouko's own feelings invalid.
- [x] Your bottom line is this: Caring for others isn't a zero sum game. You trying to help as many magical girls as you can doesn't mean you don't care about your friends, and Mami caring about you doesn't mean that she can't also care about Kyouko.

\=====​

Here we go.
