# Hazard Course Pt. 9

Sayaka threw you under the bus, then snatched you back, but now the bus has your scent, metaphorically swerving off the road to bear down on you with deadly intent. Except that said deadly intent is mostly directed internally and you're more like a concrete bollard the bus hopes to wreck itself on as self-flagellation?

That metaphor might have gotten away from you.

The point, then, is that your earlier guesses had been right. Kyouko's problem is with *herself*, the same simmering anger and self-hatred that had led to her rejecting her Wish. Of course, you're still stuck with the same dilemma as you were before: *unravelling* that twisted tangle of issues isn't easy.

Of course, you have an idea.

"You know," you say meditatively. "You're not going to push us away, no matter how much you insist on trying."

Kyouko's laughter is derisive and bitter.

"Yeah, of course you'd say something like that," she says, rolling her eyes. "Little Miss Perfect, always loves hearing herself talk."

You sigh pointedly, and fold your arms. Sayaka gave you a lead and a cue, and in a way, so did Kyouko. And it sure seems to be the tone of the conversation, doesn't it? You catch Sayaka's glance out of the corner of your eye, shaking your head slightly.

"What, nothing to say *now*?" Kyouko says, scorn dripping from her words.

"Oh, *is* it my turn to speak?" you say mildly, and continue in a perfectly even tone. "Because honestly, it seems to me that your real problem is that *you're* the one who loves to hear herself talk."

It's your turn to take a step forward, leaning in to glare at Kyouko across the roof, and wonder of wonders, she *does* shut her mouth and stop trying to dig herself deeper. Yuma's hand tightens on the fabric of Kyouko's costume, preventing her from backing away further - not that she can, with the way she's already right up against the precipice of the roof.

Maybe you could take that as a metaphor, but frankly, it feels like your stomach's in freefall. Yes, you're just following on the tone of the conversation so far, but good *grief* is this out of your usual wheelhouse.

The shock on Kyouko's face melts into anger as she starts to swell up for a rebuttal, but you beat her to the punch.

"*I'm not done*," you bark. "Because, Kyouko, the *last* time you tried this self-destructive bullshit, the only reason you got away with it was because Mami *let* you get away with it."

"She didn't *let* me-"

"*Yes*, she *did*!" you roar. And you put your diaphragm into it, pitching your voice to cut through Kyouko's reflexive denial. "*Both* of you thought the other would be *better off* without yourselves, you, you colossal dumbass! She *let* you go because she couldn't bring herself to hurt you any more than you could *her*!"

The silence rings out in the wake of your shout, even the rain seeming to retreat for a moment. And really, you can't help but feel a little satisfaction in the way Kyouko stares at you, mouth agape. Sayaka glances sidelong at you, but doesn't say anything, returning her glare to Kyouko, and Yuma...

Yuma keeps her hand fisted in Kyouko's costume, clinging tightly to her.

"I'm not particularly a fan of shouting," you add after a moment. "But dammit, Kyouko, *think*. Do you honestly think I'd be the only one coming after you if you fled? Mami, Sayaka, me. Homura... wouldn't. She'd be playing backline defense while we go haring off after you." You give her a flat look. "Yeah, it's probably *convenient* for your, your *emotional self-injury habit* to believe that yeah, Miss *Nosy Busybody*-" you gesture sarcastically at yourself, "-would be the only one who cares enough to come after you, but you'd be *wrong*."

"'Emotional self-injury habit'?" Kyouko demands incredulously. It seems she's managed to gather herself while you had your turn, leaning forward in the face of your speech.

But that's fine. You're not trying to browbeat Kyouko into compliance. There's no way in hell that would actually *work*, anyway, not on her. All you're trying to do is... speak her language. You don't even mean that sarcastically, you want her to *listen* to you. And if you've taken one lesson from her, from what she's taught Sayaka and what Sayaka used against *her*, it's *aggression*.

Controlled, finely tuned and carefully aimed, but aggression nevertheless.

"What do you call it when you keep trying to flagellate yourself for problems you *dream up*?" you reply evenly. "Seriously. What does that thing you said even *mean*? 'Here to do it all over again'? Neither of you are the same people you were back then, and what are *we*, chopped fucking liver? It's a new chance - and dammit, fragile as she is, Mami *knows* your bullshit this time."

"And it's *still fucking happening*!" Kyouko snarls back at you, taking a step forward. "I can't- I can *see* the way she *looks* at me! All *pitying* and like I'm some- some *pet*-"

Ah.

There it is.

"Nope," you say, folding your arms.

"I'm- *you* do it too," Kyouko says, managing to sneer, but the bite's gone out of it. You can see her blinking rapidly, as if trying to force back angry tears.

"Nope," you repeat.

"I have fucking *eyes*," Kyouko snarls. "I can *see* all of your damn *projects-*"

"*Nope*," you say, just a touch louder this time.

"What the *fuck* do you *mean*, '*nope*'?" Kyouko yells, taking another step forward. Yuma tries to tug her backwards, to little avail.

"It means *nope*," Sayaka says slowly, flicking you a glance. "You're doing it again, Kyouko, we're not... we're not going to yell at you or anything. We like you, dumbass."

You nod slightly at Sayaka. You'd been about to bounce the reins back to her, anyway.

"Really? Because I don't think Miss Perfec-"

"Yes, I *do*," you say sharply. "Heck, I *respect* you. Even when you're being a dumbass like this."

"*Spare me*," Kyouko says, her head dropping. "Christ, I should have just stayed in Kasamino."

"You're a stubborn dumbass, not an idiot," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes and planting her fist back on her hip. "Come *on*, Kyouko. You're smarter than this, I know you are. Your teaching certainly showed me that much."

"What good is that?" Kyouko snaps, but really, it's all but a wail. "What am I if I just keep on fucking up?"

"Big sis hasn't fucked up." You're not quite surprised when Yuma speaks up, her normally voice dead serious and *strident*, cutting through the ever-present drumming of the rain. "Big sis, nobody hates you. Nobody *wants* to hate you."

She's been *listening* this entire time, that hand twisted in the skirt of Kyouko's costume. But now she releases Kyouko and steps aside to stare up at her, green eyes huge and solemn.

"Big sis, Mami and Sabrina are giving you, us, a home," she says. "A *home*. Not like my... my old home. A real one, a good one. They wouldn't do that if they hated you, big sis. I know you had... bad arguments with Mami before, but she doesn't care. You know that, right?"

Kyouko... fails to meet Yuma's eyes, her jaw clenched tight.

"Who cares if you deserve it or not?" Sayaka says abruptly. "Take it from someone who's *there*. If you don't think you do, then *make* yourself deserve it. Not that complicated."

You glance sidelong at Sayaka.

"What, that easy?" Kyouko snorts.

"Who said anything about *easy*?" Sayaka asks. "It's simple, but sure as heck isn't easy. But I mean like... you want this, right?"

Kyouko sighs, her expression crumpling as the defiance drains out of her.

Sayaka's frown deepens, and she flicks a glance at Yuma, then you.

"Hey, Sabrina," she murmurs. "You mind taking Yuma, uh, over there so I can talk to Kyouko a moment? Shouldn't be too long, I think."

---

- [ ] Give them their privacy
  - [ ] Anything to talk to Yuma about?
- [ ] Say something else?
  - [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Ugh, apologies for the late update. Jetlag kicked my ass.
