# Hazard Course Pt. 10

"Yeah, I can do that," you murmur back to Sayaka. You don't miss the way Kyouko's eyes follow you and Sayaka - Sayaka hadn't bothered to use telepathy, and low whisper or not, you're sure Kyouko heard, and Sayaka meant her to.

You clear your throat.

"Kyouko, I'm gonna steal Yuma for a bit, 'kay?" you say. You wave vaguely northward. "We're gonna go, uh, over there, and check out the Barrier. We won't go that far."

Kyouko glares at you, then deliberately breaks eye contact to glance down at Yuma, her expression softening. Yuma peers worriedly up at her, looking between her adopted older sister and Sayaka for a moment. She swallows, and nods, letting go of Kyouko's skirt and stepping aside.

"Well, let's leave the adults to talk for a moment," you say, beckoning Yuma over and shooting Sayaka a quick grin.

Her returning smile's a little less than confident, but really, you trust that she's got it. Kyouko actually *listens* to her most of the time, which is more than you can say for yourself. You can't exactly *blame* Kyouko for that, given the way you were in the beginning, and how\... well, frankly, you've been stomping over every single one of her insecurities and fears in all but the literal sense.

Yuma follows obediently, joining you as you hop over to the next roof over. That leaves you with plenty of range to keep the skies clear over Kyouko and Sayaka, of course, and...

Well.

You *could* eavesdrop by sneaking Grief in, but giving them their privacy is just the right thing to do.

Instead, you slouch against one of the air conditioning compressors, the machine humming away merrily despite the chill in the air from the unceasing drizzle. Your coat proves waterproof enough to ward off the raindrops coating the warm metal, and you simply exhale slowly, tipping your head up to watch the way the falling droplets part above you like an invisible umbrella.

"Big sis will be OK," Yuma says.

And perhaps that statement is less of a *statement* and more of a question, but can you blame her?

She's turned out steadfastly *strong* through all this, supporting Kyouko without hesitation and just as equally offering gentle counterbalance to Kyouko's more self-destructive impulses. Things could have gone so, so much worse otherwise. She deserves good things, and you could certainly offer her some reassurance.

"She will be," you say, studying her for a moment.

Yuma's grown her fringe out a little, and perhaps trimmed it a little so her hair's less of a shapeless mess. Kyouko's handiwork, perhaps. And even then, with deep green hair hanging over her forehead, it's *almost* enough for you to forget about the cigarette burns there. But she looks *better*. Not quite so painfully thin as she once was, *healthy* and even happy in a way she hadn't been before, even with her adopted sister stressed out of her mind. She fidgets under your gaze, then evidently decides to mimick you and slouch against the humming air conditioner.

"Sayaka knows how to talk to Kyouko," you add after a moment of silence. "And... heh. You know, I'm glad you're with us, and with Kyouko in particular."

"Big sis is the best person in the world," Yuma says, defiance sparking in her gaze as she straightens to glare at you.

"She's pretty good, yeah," you concede. *Mami's* clearly the best person, but you'll allow that other people are entitled to their incorrect opinions. Even if it's Yuma. "I honestly admire her in a lot of ways, for how damn *strong* she is. But my point was that *you've* done her a lot of good too. And..."

You huff a helpless little laugh.

"I'm glad you're helping to convince her to stick around?" you say, waving your hands vaguely. "I can hardly pretend I'm perfect, but... well, she *wants* to reconnect with Mami, I can tell that much, and I'm happy to help you guys out in whatever way I can. *And* she and Sayaka are friends too, and I'm glad for that, if only because the two of them can actually talk."

Yuma stares up at you, considering you with hard-eyed seriousness that just about breaks your heart to see on someone so *young*. Too small, too young to have seen as much as she has. But she found something in Kyouko, as Kyouko did in her, and here and now, she finds something in you. You think.

"I want to stick around too," she says at last, reaching out to pat your hand. "Being here is good for big sis, I think, but all of you big people are kind of dumb."

"... *ouch*," you say, pressing an overly dramatic hand to your heart.

"It's true!" Yuma harrumphs and folds her arms.

"No, no, I'm not disagreeing, just *ouch*," you say. "When you're right, you're right."

Yuma stares at you suspiciously, then nods, and then, having apparently expended her store of patience for talking to you, proceeds to peek around the humming compressor at your backs to see what Kyouko and Sayaka are up to. And because you apparently have about as much self-control and patience as she does, you join her in leaning ever so slightly around so you can see.

They're far away enough that the rain draws a light, filmy barrier between you, muffling any sound that might make it over to you, but even so, you could probably read her lips if you wanted to. Or follow the conversation with Grief. You resist *that* urge, though - what would be the point of giving them privacy if you don't actually give them their privacy? But you know what? Peeping over at them is perfectly valid.

They're talking. Or at least, *Kyouko* is, gesticulating and seemingly ranting angrily. Sayaka's moved closer, just an arm's length away and facing Kyouko with her back to you, her shoulders calm and braced evenly. You watch as Kyouko jabs a finger in your direction -while you hastily duck, but it doesn't seem like she noticed you- and continues.

You watched, impressed, as Sayaka waits patiently until Kyouko runs out of steam, and then she folds her arms. You can't say for sure, since she has her back to you, but she's presumably making her rebuttal.

Kyouko rolls her eyes so hard you can see it from all the way over where you are, but... she doesn't turn away from Sayaka, either. You'll take that as a good sign, you think.

"... we should give Sayaka a bit more time to work on it?" you offer Yuma. "We *did* say we'd go check out the Barrier, right?"

"Um, right," Yuma says distractedly, still staring at the distant conversation with worry on her face despite her earlier confidence.

"I trust Sayaka," you say. "And you trust Kyouko, yeah? They've got it."

"Mmmh," Yuma says. She reaches up wordlessly, and you take her hand and guide her gently over to the far edge of the roof, in the direction of the Barrier, and-

"*I did not!*"

Even an entire building away, even with the constant patter of the rain, the force of Kyouko's outrage pushes through like the fist of an angry god.

You wince, resolutely not looking back.

"... I trust Sayaka," you reiterate.

---

- [] ~~Intervene~~
  - [ ] Anything in particular to talk to Yuma about?
  - [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)
  - [ ] Just proceed

---

Uuugh. I'm really sorry to put out such a short update after skipping a week, and one that doesn't actually advance much, but *this* update has been fighting me in addition to me still settling in after moving to another continent. I'm going to devote more time to it, however, and I'm aiming to update again (and *properly*) this weekend.
