# Hazard Course Pt. 12

You nod back at Sayaka, then turn to Kyouko and grin. A success, then, or at least enough of one that Sayaka feels satisfied. Which means, of course, that you're going to spend the next while fishing for as much detail as Sayaka is willing to offer you, because you can't help but love gossip, dammit.

"Yeah, we're continuing, unless you've gotten *tired* or something," you say.

Kyouko scowls and turns her back firmly on you, at which point you take the opportunity to tip Sayaka a knowing wink. She blushes slightly, then schools her expression and raises a thoroughly unimpressed eyebrow at you.

"*You weren't eavesdropping, were you?*" Sayaka's the first to reach out telepathically, as you fall in behind Kyouko, her mental voice just as unimpressed as her expression.

"*Of course not, what do you take me for?*" you say, grinning at her. "*I'm winking enigmatically at you so I look like a cool and mysterious manipulator pulling the strings behind the scenes to ensure optimal outcomes for all my friends, even though I have no idea what you actually did. Seems to have gone well, though?*"

"*... right, sorry,*" Sayaka says. "*Just... that was a lot, and... I suppose it went well enough. Also, sure, everyone definitely thinks you're cool. Definitely. Absolutely. And you're unquestionably mysterious, I have no idea what goes on inside that head of yours most of the time.*"

"*Why thank you for the nice compliments!*" you say. "*But OK, I'm nosy, so I gotta know, *if* you feel you can share, what *happened*? Though... look if it's private and you can't answer, I understand. I'm shameless, but not *that* shameless.*"

"Oi, move your asses!" Kyouko yells from up ahead, bounding off the edge of the roof with a smooth leap, summoning her spear midair with a whirling flourish. Yuma follows with a whoop.

Sayaka gives you a sidelong look as you both jolt into motion after Kyouko.

"*I'll tell you *some* of it, since some of it *does* involve you and Mami,*" she concedes. "*But only part of it! And let's get into the hunt first.*"

"*Yeah, entirely fair,*" you agree.

It's two short hops across the roofs to catch up to the Barrier, still drifting eastward, but by the time you reach it, Kyouko and Yuma have already gone straight in. With a shrug, you follow, bracing yourself for that horrid, jolting transition and the slap of *Witch, Witch, Witc-*

-and *heat*. Blistering, scorching heat, a sharp contrast after the chilly rain. The kind of dry, furnace-blast heat that dries your face and sears the breath from your lungs, accompanied by a roaring gale of sand tearing at your clothes and hair and exposed skin and your *eyes* as you plunge downwards with no ground in sight.

That's all you have time to see before you're forced to squeeze your eyes shut against the sandstorm howling past you, hurricane winds and clawing sands drowning out virtually everything past a few meters, anyway.

Grief.

All it takes is a thought, Grief unfolding from hammerspace to shield yourself from the sandblast in a million million invisible specks - a shard of Grief to meet every oncoming sand. The same trick as your rain repellent, now turned to a full dome. And even with the relief, even with just those few seconds of exposure, your skin stings, abraded and red on your hands and probably on your face.

Falling, falling, falling. You could flare your wings, but something tells you that the only way to go here is *down*, and so you spread your arms and legs in the usual skydiver's posture, slowing your descent.

Sayaka. You can sense her over there, that nauseating feel of antimagic radiating from her in short, stuttering pulses and limned in glowing blue with arms thrown over her face as she tries to repel the sand. With a thought, you include her in your protection, enfolding her in a shield of Grief shards too small to see.

Her eyes flicker open a moment later and she flails to stabilize her fall and coughs, hacking up phlegm that she hesitates with before spitting into the wind.

"That *sucked*," she shouts at you, scrubbing at herself and her costume in a futile effort to get the grit. "Where's Kyouko and Yuma?"

"I can't see them," you say. "Or sense them. Down, most likely?"

"Yeah..." Sayaka says, peering worriedly downwards into the endless brown murk of the sandstorm. "Yeah, feels like we've gotta go down? And I think... maybe a giant sword next time to block the sand?"

"*Kyouko?*" she shifts smoothly into a telepathic call.

"*Down!*" Kyouko responds instantly. "*Get down here before we finish all the Familiars without you.*"

"Heh. Well, you heard her," you say, angling yourself into a dive to fall faster, the wind picking up to snatch at your coat and hair. You switch to telepathy, rather than shout over the howling gale. "*Now c'mon, spill.*"

"*Well,*" Sayaka says, joining you in the dive. "*Uh. So, the upshot of it is that Kyouko's agreed that she's going to stick around for longer?*"

You plunge downwards through the haze of sand, Sayaka at your back and both of you silent for the moment.

"*Was... was that really on the table in the first place?*" you ask hesitantly. "*I mean, I know she was, y'know. Being really hard on herself for being a detriment and all that?*"

"*Solid maybe?*" Sayaka says. "*It's hard to tell, honestly, but you heard the way she was talking. She's got this... weird pride thing going on in her head?*"

"*You say weird pride thing, I say self-flagellation,*" you grumble. "*But that's just semantics, I suppose.*"

"*It'd be admirable if she weren't so *stupid* about it,*" Sayaka grumbles. "*Being all noble and self-sacrificial for your friends isn't *bad*, but she's being stupid about it.*"

You can't help but remember the once upon a never of another loop. Of Sayaka Witching out, and Kyouko sacrificing herself to defeat her Witch, unable to accept living afterwards. And of the *past*, of Kyouko tearing herself away from Mami, spitting poison to sunder that relationship, because of her own self-hatred.

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*She does that, I- whoa!*"

You plunge into a different layer of the storm, powerful crosswinds instantly snatching you into a flailing tumble that takes you precious seconds to stabilize. A glance back shows Sayaka sticking close with a determined look on her face, apparently having profited from your warning.

"*So how'd you convince her to stay?*" you ask Sayaka after a moment.

"*Hang on, I wasn't done yet,*" Sayaka says. "*Part of the problem you probably already know? She feels like you're her replacement in a lot of ways. Which I know you can't do anything about, but you *should* know that. It's frustrating, and I don't know if *any* of us except Kyouko herself can do anything about it.*"

"*That's about what I expected, yep,*" you agree. "*Heck, I told Yuma as much.*"

"*So yeah, there's that,*" Sayaka says. "*She *does*... well, she's looking for reasons to stay, right? But she's also looking for *excuses* to leave. To cut her losses, and avoid the... emotional pain. If that makes sense?*"

"*It does,*" you say with a sigh. "*Though... honestly, it's a good sign that she's willing to open up to you, if not me? I'm not sure if she'll ever be willing to be open with *me*, or at least not any time soon, but I'm glad she has you to talk to. And Yuma.*"

"*I tried an appeal-to-Yuma too,*" Sayaka notes, her tone turning amused. "*She said something 'bout Yuma knowing a good grift when she saw one. Which I'm pretty sure means bumming food off of you.*"

You roll your eyes, even if Sayaka can't see it.

"*Yup, that sounds about right,*" you say. "*Though really, I'm happy to feed them. Bribing Kyouko with food's the only reliable way to get into her good graces, anyway, so yeah, I'll keep doing that.*"

"*Anyway. So... I think you gotta give Kyouko and Mami the opportunity to actually hang out. *Without* you being around,*" Sayaka says. You can feel Sayaka's grimace all the way from over here. "*And... I'm pretty sure you're not the jealous type, but I also know you and Mami are basically attached at the hip outside of school, and you two are absolutely sickening together. So. One of the big reasons Kyouko came back is 'cuz she *misses* Mami, right? You've got to give them the chance to actually do that.*"

"*Hm,*" you say, frowning thoughtfully. "*Yeah. Yeah, you're right. Kyouko's only been back a couple of days, but you're right that we haven't really... hm. Part of the problem is that Kyouko's mostly been doing her own thing, of her own volition, but no, it makes sense.*"

"*I *didn't* tell Kyouko I'd be talking to you about this,*" Sayaka adds. "*Maybe consider giving Mami a push? But *subtly*.*"

"*Maybe,*" you say. "*Yeah, I'll keep it in mind.*"

"*... also, where the heck is the damn Witch?*" Sayaka grumbles. "*Feels like we've been falling forever and we haven't even caught up to Kyouko. And- ugh, dammit.*"

"*Did I miss some sand?*" you ask, twisting against the wind to peer back at Sayaka. "*And, uh, some Witches have really big Barriers. Guessing this is one of 'em.*"

"*No, no, just- sand,*" Sayaka says, making a face. "*It's a *Sand Witch*. And it's gotten *everywhere*.*"

"*It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere?*" you offer, grinning.

"*Yes,*" Sayaka grumbles. "*Yes, it *has*.*"

You laugh.

"*I'll see about speeding us up so we can catch up,*" you say. "*Though hey, you never did answer how you convinced Kyouko to stay.*"

And with yourself falling backwards, the wind dragging your coat upwards, you're in a *perfect* position to watch Sayaka's face shift to a very deliberate, studied neutrality.

"*We're gonna hang out more,*" Sayaka says. "*Maybe grab dinner sometime, but really, just hanging out as friends.*"

"*... huh,*" you say, blinking in surprise.

"*I know what you're thinking, and it's *not* a date,*" Sayaka says. "*I made *that* clear. I still like Kyousuke. We're hanging out, but as friends. And Yuma's probably coming along too!*"

"*No, no, that's fair,*" you say after a moment. You *could* pick at that particular denial, but really, you respect Sayaka. You respect her enough to *not* tease her about her reaction. "*I'm just surprised that worked.*"

That doesn't mean you *won't* rub it in her face if it develops into anything more, though. Or that you won't *speculate* about it to yourself. Like the fact that the thought *did* occur to Sayaka, but she's very insistent that it's not a date.

"*It wasn't an explicit, like, 'I'll treat you to dinner and you'll stay around' sort of thing, just, I figured she needed more reasons to stay around Mitakihara,*" Sayaka says. "*And she's not a bad person, *and* I really do want to be better friends with her, so I thought I'd offer to show her around what's new in Mitakihara, and that's *all* it was. And she was interested enough to hear me out.*"

"*Sayaka,*" you say firmly. "*I believe you. If you say it's not a date, then it's not.*"

"*I- really?*" Sayaka peers suspiciously at you.
*[]()*
"*Really,*" you say. "*Listen, look, I like to tease my friends, right? But if someone's uncomfortable about it, that *stops*. Seriously. So. I agree that it has a certain, ah, look to it, especially in our little circle, but if you say it's just hanging out as friends, then that's that. It's as big a deal as you want to make it.*"

"*Oh,*" Sayaka says. "*OK, good. Because really, I *do* like Kyousuke still. He's so... him.*"

"*Anyway!*" you say. "*We've dawdled enough, let's go catch up with Kyouko before she gets more annoyed?*"

**\[] Continue with the humt!
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Apologies, not the most interactive of votes lately, but this section's *largely* done. Still, feel free to vote for any particular additions as you guys want!

Also - in case you guys missed the discussion after the last update, yes, I *am* entirely aware of what Saya no Uta is *here*.
