# Hazard Course Pt. 13

"*The hunt must go on!*" you declare, and shift into a full dive downwards.

Which is, of course, exactly when you sense the first Familiar, careening at you out of the sandstorm: a strange, jagged thing, all jutting angles and broken shapes crushed into a vaguely boxy shape devoid of limbs or any real features, even its flight path jerky and haphazard.

Weird, but you've seen weirder. Today, even.

You twist backwards, instantly-formed hammer lashing out into a silvery, backhand arc that cleaves right through the Familiar and smashes it apart into a burst of yet more sand. You're supposed to be working on your fundamentals, and so, the first order of business - you complete the swing of the hammer, an effort of will snapping the haft out to double its length to make it a *polearm*.

You spare a fraction of a second to think about whether Kyouko might be flattered or offended, but that's a problem for later, because the next Familiar's swooping at you from above, diving right through the sullen heat of the sandstorm. You meet it with a shout and flashing steel, wide, sweeping arcs giving you more than enough reach even as you plunge downwards through the murk. Behind you, you can hear the sound of combat: Sayaka's swords clashing, and the dull booms of launching blades.

And ahead.

The billowing sands light up red, then green, glowing bursts dimly glimpsed and accompanied by the familiar metallic clatter of Kyouko's spear and ringing chime of Yuma's mace strikes, snarls and battle cries sounding through the storm. You flick a glance back at Sayaka, still sticking close at your back, and she nods, grinning widely as she summons fresh swords.

You announce your arrival to the fight with a Grief-thrown hammer, a gleaming silver streak blasting a momentary gap through the sand. In that moment, you catch a glimpse of Kyouko and Yuma, darting through the air on flares of magic as they smash through Familiars with such ease it almost seems choreographed.

Kyouko's eyes flick up, and then past you to Sayaka.

"*Finally*," she barks, twisting without looking to dodge another of those bizarre, jagged Familiars. "Took your own sweet time, didn't you?"

A backhand stab with her spear takes out that Familiar, without her even looking.

"Yeah, well, it was a long way down!" Sayaka yells back.

Even with the sandstorm closing back in, Kyouko's eyeroll is *distinct*, and you can't help but laugh. She's just so congenitally *contrary*, and exasperating it might be, she wouldn't be *Kyouko* without it. And yet, you know that for all her orneriness, for all her abrasiveness and bluster, she's a good person, as much as any of your other friends.

Ah, well.

You put that thought aside in favour of joining the fight, laying into the Familiars with your extended hammer, whirling steel serving to drive the swarm back - but with more than enough room and maneuverability for them to dart in and out, you find that that's just about all you manage to do.

You throw wide your sphere of safety, encompassing Kyouko and Yuma in your anti-sand bubble - and you force yourself to *keep* it as nothing more than that, to let the Familiars careen on through.

But that's not all you *can* do, even fighting the instinct to *reach out* with Grief. It's like trying to fight with an arm held behind your back - it's *instinct* to flare your wings or just smash your attackers with Grief. Still, a twist of magic is all it takes to summon a slew of hammers, falling lazily alongside you. You snatch one out of the air and smack the tail end of one, sending it into a spin, and then you slam a baseball swing into the pommel as if driving a spectacularly large nail.

Clink-*clong* goes the chime of steel, the sound of two strikes blurring into a single noise, your second strike turning the hammer into a silvery streak blasting across the battlefield. You whirl with the momentum, slamming a second hammer into a missile, and then again, and again, and *again*, shattering the sound barrier multiple times over, and blasting tunnels through the sandstorm and the clumps of Familiars alike.

"Ah... big sis, where's the Witch?" Yuma asks, blasting apart another clump of Familiars with a glowing burst from her mace and shouting over the din of battle. "Yuma hasn't been able to sense it..."

"Not surprised," Kyouko calls back, halfway through a flurry of strikes with her spear, each precision thrust blowing apart a Familiar. "'s all 'round us."

"Wait, it's the *sand*?" you ask, eyes snapping out into the brown murk of the sandstorm.

"Nope," Kyouko says, popping the 'P' and kicking off a bank of chains, there and gone again in a flash of red. "Yuma?"

"Oh!" Yuma says, brightening. "It's a swarm? The Familiars are actually the Witch?"

"Yup," Kyouko says. "Not too common, these."

"Do we have to kill the-" Sayaka ducks a clawing Familiar midsentence, backhanding it with her sword as it passes, "-them *all*, then?"

"That or hope it clumps back up," Kyouko grunts. "Sometimes it happens."

"Ugh," you mutter. "Annoying."

"Suck it up," Kyouko says, utterly merciless. "And keep practicing!"

And so you do, the four of you plunging ever downwards through the infinite sandstorm. The crosswinds come without warning, sending you tumbling through the layers even as the Witch keeps swarming around you like piranhas around a carcass, snapping jaws and jagged edges, but you're magical girls. You fight *together*. Maybe not a team, not yet, and not the same ease as fighting with Mami or Homura or even just Sayaka alone, but with more than enough raw firepower and ability to watch each other's backs and annihilate the oncoming foes.

Of course, the *next* experiment you try after that is expanding your hammer out to a full on maul. It forms readily enough, magic blossoming out into a weighty, massive hammerhead that sits heavy in your hands, heavy enough that you actually have to put *effort* into moving it.

Then you swing at a Familiar, and things go rather wrong.

It sends you flailing backwards, barely hanging onto the haft as the sheer *momentum* sends you tumbling gracelessly across the storm. The Familiar surges forward, darting under your swing, and *bites* you.

You yell, trying to scrape the thing off as the jagged edges clamp onto your arm, hard enough to draw blood. Pain sears up your arm as it claws up your arm despite your best efforts, tearing through cloth and leaving bloody furrows. Training be damned. You reach for Grief, and then-

It explodes into sand as a massive spearhead flashes past your vision to bisect it.

"Th' fuck was *that*?" Kyouko barks, sweeping past you in a blur of red, spear exploding into cracking chains that lash out to fend off more Witch-Familiars.

"Trying a new technique," you grunt back, summoning enough Grief to seal your wounds and flicking your arm to send bloody droplets spiralling into the storm. You can heal it later.

"I'm here!" Yuma darts in on a somersaulting flip, flashing green for a moment - and then the pain's gone, your arm good as new. Yuma flashes you a grin, not bothering to stop as she sails onwards to clobber another Familiar.

"Got your back," Sayaka calls. You hear the booming report of her swords as she launches yet more blades, a spray of projectiles to drive back the swarm. "You OK?"

"Yeah," you respond. "Yeah, I'm OK. Annoyed. Thanks, everyone, I've- I've got this."

You're a little more circumspect after that one, and you don't push too hard on the whole rocket-hammer idea you had, either. It doesn't want to *coalesce*, either, your magic simply failing to form anything even remotely similar, but... the longer handle *does* work a treat, and all it takes for a thought to *tweak* the momentum of the hammer and launch yourself across the battlefield.

When the end comes, it's just about *entirely* anticlimatic, and entirely a coincidence that you even spot it. Sayaka levels her sword, arm extended, and fires the blade through one last Witch-Familiar- and the Barrier unravels.

You find yourself falling out of the sky, reality jolting from simmering heat and dense brown murk into blessedly fresh air and chill rain. You have all of half a second to enjoy *that*, of course, because you're *still* falling out of the sky, with unforgiving concrete rapidly approaching below and decaying steel buildings all around you.

Your wings flare wide, Grief blooming across the sullen grey sky and sending you swooping upwards. Cerulean blue ignites in the corner of your eye, a fluttering banner of white twisting into controlled flight as Sayaka's magic sparks, and she soars up to join you. And...

There's Kyouko, her spear lashing around a protruding steel spar and Kyouko herself swinging up to join you, Yuma latched to her side for a moment before throwing herself free and snatching the falling Grief Seed with a cheerful whoop.

"Got it!" she calls, arcing towards the far building and landing with a loud clang that shakes the entire structure - another decaying chemical plant. Or perhaps a concrete batching plant, by the looks of it, multiple cylindrical towers clustered around a squat, moldering steel structure. The only reason Yuma isn't covered in rust, you suspect, is because the rain made it all too wet to be shaken free.

"Man, we went *quite* a ways in that fight," you note, looking around, because this is *definitely* the old industrial district, way out east of where you'd entered that Barrier. You wing toward an easy landing on the same warehouse Kyouko's reeling herself towards, Sayaka drifting lazily in the same direction.

"Eh, it happens," Kyouko grumbles, hopping up to the top of that steel spar and slinging her spear over her shoulders. She eyes Sayaka, and adds in a grudging tone, "Doin' better, Wondergirl. Keep it up."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says, brushing her cape off. "I'm *trying*."

"And *you*," Kyouko adds, turning a ferocious scowl on you. "*Sloppy* execution. Sometimes the only time to actually *test* a new trick is in a fight, sure, but damn well drop it if it isn't working and try again later."

"Gotcha," you say, nodding. Hey, you won't complain about actual advice from Kyouko. "I mean, I did, but not soon enough, apparently. That said, I don't think *that* particular idea's gonna pan out. Big hammers don't seem to fit."

"If it doesn't work, it doesn't," Kyouko says with a shrug. "Get a *feel* for whatever's natural and whatever works. *Drop it* quick if it doesn't feel right, and if y' want, practice *in safety* until it *does*."

"Right," you say, nodding. "I'll be less reckless."

"You'd better," Kyouko grunts. "Yuma, go ahead and use that Grief Seed."

"OK!" Yuma chirps, and obediently cleanses her Soul Gem before passing it to Kyouko, who cleanses her own, then holds the Grief Seed out to you with a pointedly raised eyebrow.

You snicker, and empty out the Grief Seed. Kyouko rolls her eyes as she puts the Seed away.

"Aight," she says, already starting to walk. "Next Witch is... thisaway. We're gonna have to double back west after this one."

"Makes sense," Sayaka says as you all fall into formation. "*Also*. Sabrina, buddy, friend, pal. *Hey*." Without breaking step, she swivels to nail you with a glare. "What did you mean, '[especially in our little circle](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/threads/puella-magi-adfligo-systema.2538/page-7340?post=27128157#message-anchor-hazardcoursept12_sayakacallback)'?"

"Statistics!" you say cheerfully, launching yourself off the roof. "And statistical anomalies!"

"*You're* a damn statistical anomaly!" Sayaka grumbles as she follows you.

"Guiiii\~iiilty as charged!" you carol.

Sayaka groans, and takes two long steps to catch up with Kyouko and leaving you laughing as you take the rear.

**\[] Onwards!
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

\=====​

Another transitionary update, I'm sorry - was honestly hoping to get to the next real plot beat this one, but apparently not. Gonna try to get some writing momentum back, since I've got a good idea of what's coming next, anyway!
