# Hazard Course Pt. 14

Kyouko leads you all onwards across the rain-shrouded, decaying mass of steel and concrete that is the old industrial district, leaping past largely abandoned buildings with nary a look back. You can't help but think that there must be some sort of *fascinating* political reason that a city as prosperous as Mitakihara has left this entire area to rot, but even then, you can see the beginning of new construction, nibbling tentatively at soot-blackened edges.

Maybe Hitomi would know? And heck, maybe you could see about figuring out how to acquire some land to build something. There's got to be incentives for redeveloping the area, surely, and you're going to want a building for the Constellation eventually as it grows.

But that's all in the future. In the short term, well-

"Hi, Warehouse-kun, bye Warehouse-kun, sorry I can't stay today," you call apologetically, dropping momentarily to a knee to pat that slowly corroding roof as you pass and then speeding up to catch up with the rest.

"*You are *such* a dork,*" Sayaka informs you telepathically as you draw level with her. "*Seriously. I know I've said it before, but you are *such* a *colossal* dork. How did I ever think you were cool?*"

"*For the exact same reason I *am* a dork,*" you say, levity instantly wiped away. "*Being *cool* isn't about fitting into any particular category of behaviour or appearances, it's about being confident and self-possessed. People *hold themselves back* from being dorks out of fear of being laughed at. And I'm not gonna lie and pretend that I'm not, generally, pretty assured in being *myself* and what I do, but more importantly, you're all my friends, so... even if I were inclined to, I don't feel the *need* to.*"

You give it a moment to sink in. Even Kyouko, up ahead at the lead of the pack as you all bound onwards past the rusting buildings, pauses for a split second to look back at you.

"*And besides,*" you add, now that you have everyone's attention. "*What was I going to do, *not* say hi to my science buddy?*"

"*... I'm going to tell Mami you're cheating on her with a warehouse,*" Sayaka says, rolling her eyes.

"*You do that,*" you say. You don't bother to hide your snickering, instead keeping an eye on the unpredictable terrain of deteriorating rooftops and dilapidated steel structures, one wrong step away from a Sabrina-sized hole and a close encounter with tetanus.

... you probably don't actually *need* tetanus shots, but it's not like you *have* them either.

"*I'll give her your warehouse's address!*" Sayaka threatens.

"*You wouldn't,*" you gasp.

Kyouko returns to ignoring the byplay, instead rooting around in her pocket and producing a chocolate bar, which she splits in half and shares with Yuma without even breaking stride. Sayaka, about to press the verbal attack, instead dips closer to you in an attempt to elbow you, a manuveur which fails miserably since you're midjump.

Even so, she catches your eye and glances meaningfully at Kyouko, who's already demolished the chocolate bar in three bites and moved on to a packet of gummy worms, all while keeping up the breakneck pace over the rooftops. Which is... impressive, you'll grant, but you're not sure what Sayaka's trying to say.

Sayaka rolls her eyes impatiently, and apparently decides not to enlighten you right at this moment.

Over the course of several minutes, Kyouko and Yuma work their way through what must be an entire kilogram of various snacks *and* a bottle of lemonade, all while leading you onward. A thought tickles the back of your mind as you follow, and you turn that thought into another.

"*Hey, Kirika!*" You reach out telepathically.

"*'sup, 'brina?*" Kirika responds a moment later.

"*Just checking in on you - the Soujus are due in today, according to Oriko's prediction?*" you say. But then again, Kirika responding is already quite the relief, since it means that the Soujus haven't somehow gotten them without you knowing.

"*Oh, yeah,*" Kirika says, a pout audible in her voice. "*Oriko's been trying to find 'em all morning. No luck so far - she says they've got some kind of, uh, fuzzy karma on them. She reckons they're *probably* in Mitakihara, but she's *really* unsure.*"

"*Ah, OK, good,*" you say. "*Please shout for help if they come after you, know?*"

"*Yeah, got it,*" Kirika says. "*She's taking up so much of Oriko's tiiiime though. If she comes here, I'm gonna stab her.*"

"*Well, if the opportunity comes up, I'll kick her ass extra hard for you, alright?*" you say, unable to stifle a snicker.

"*You *get* it,*" Kirika says appreciatively. "*Thanks!*"

You end that call, nodding in satisfaction, and just in time, as Kyouko's led you to another drifting Barrier, one that's moving against the wind and drizzling rain and drifting steadily southward. Once again, the four of you dive right in.

The fight turns out to be rather uneventful, this time, despite the psychedelic mausoleum that the Barrier turns out to be. Perhaps less than textbook, since you're still restricting yourself to using just your hammer, but you don't even get chewed on this time, smashing through the endless tide of shambling bone Familiars.

Not skeletons, *just* bones, clumping up and separating seemingly at random as they try to scrabble towards you. And, of course, each of them a horrid, strobing neon monstrosity, in sharp contrast to their Witch - a drab, funeral-shrouded coffin spilling forth an endless tide of rotting flesh. Sayaka takes the kill on that one, conjuring forth a truck-sized sword and bisecting the coffin from a healthy distance away.

Kyouko seems to approve, in any case, sharing some pretzels with the both of you afterwards while offering a few words of advice afterwards about balancing and how to *manage* a weapon that large.

"*You* test that sorta shit out before actually usin' it in a fight," she adds, jabbing a finger at you. "Since *you* need it."

"Yeah, I gotcha," you say, not bothering to protest. She's right, and you don't mind admitting it - you have... *some* flair for alternative styles of using your hammer, that trick with the polearm and hammer-launching *more* hammers proves that much. But anything that's outright *impractical* seems to be consistently tripping you up.

Which-

Dammit, you just want something *visually impressive*. That's not *too* much to ask for.

Still, you keep moving.

There's more Witches to hunt this morning, Kyouko's path swinging out west once more, her eyes constantly in motion, constantly scanning the skyline as you leave the old industrial district behind. Still, her instincts and yesterday's scouting are impeccable, and she leads you straight to another Barrier - this one just hovering at ground level, lurking in the lee of an old apartment building, almost like it's hiding from the rain. Kyouko hops right in, Yuma following with a whoop while you and Sayaka take the rear, as you usually do.

The Barrier resolves into a rolling landscape of an almost mundane-looking farm, rows upon rows of lush, green plants that look like... strawberry? Well, it *would* look like a mundane farm if the strawberries weren't the size of your head, stems woven through trellises that stretch up into giant hedges. A chocolate-brown sky arches high overhead, seeming to drip down toward the horizon.

"Fuck this," Kyouko grunts, and vaults to the top of the trellises with her spear. You exchange a look with Yuma, who nods solemnly at you before bouncing up to join Kyouko.

To your surprise, they *don't* immediately take off, Kyouko balancing on the thin slats of wood while scowling off into the distance, spear ready.

"Uh, Kyouko?" Sayaka says after a moment.

"We're being followed," she says tersely, eyes refocusing on Sayaka and you. "In Mitakihara, not in here. No Familiars nearby, and it doesn't seem like they're following us in, so we got time to plan."

You stiffen, a chill running down your spine. You're not the only one surprised, either, Sayaka's hand darting to her power jewels and Yuma lighting up in a glow of emerald.

You hadn't sensed anyone following you, but that doesn't mean much. A safe following distance probably means that they were staying far away enough that they were well out of your easy sensing range. And you're not going to doubt Kyouko's judgement on this, in any case, her experience with this kind of thing far outweighs yours.

"Yeah, probably your mysterious Soujus," Kyouko says, scowling at you. "Thing is, there's at least four of 'em. They're good, though, only ever spotted one."

"How long have they been following us?" you ask.

"They just started," Kyouko grunts. "Picked 'em up near that middle school, 'bout five minutes ago."

"Right..." you say, frowning in thought. "And they're not following us in, presumably... because just leaving a Barrier is the best time to ambush us?"

Kyouko shrugs.

"It is, but could be they're just bein' polite," Kyouko says, the scowl on her face telling you what she thinks of *that* idea.

---

- [ ] Let Kyouko figure out a counter-ambush
- [ ] Insist on trying to talk it out first
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Apologies for the late update! And also in advance for the fact that I will *not* be updating this weekend; moving day for me.
