# Hazard Course pt. 19

"What we do now is get off this rooftop," you say, frowning. "Let's get somewhere dry... er? Dry*er*. I want to actually *talk* to the Soujus properly, and we'll discuss matters along the way there?"

"Right," Sayaka says with a firm nod. You can tell she's putting up a brave face, but she's still a touch pale beneath it. She's... probably going to need someone to talk to later. Kyouko might get there first, you suspect, and having them talk it out as equals in the face of this might very well be an ideal outcome.

"Where to, Sabrina?" Mami asks, smiling at you.

"Somewhere near the Kure's place, I think," you say. Just in case the Soujus are somehow listening, you switch to telepathy to add, "*I want to have Kirika's antimagic nearby just in case the Soujus try to pull anything funny. They've already tried to ambush us once.*"

"*... yeah, might as well make them be useful,*" Sayaka mutters. "Yeah, alright. Neutral-ish ground."

"We callin' off the hunt, then?" Kyouko asks.

"On pause for now, I think?" you say. "Depending on how things shape out, and how long it takes, *maybe* we can continue after?"

Kyouko makes a vaguely grouchy sound.

"We could continue the hunt - Wondergirl, Yuma, and I," she says, somehow producing a full-sized bag of potato chips from a pocket in her costume. "Not like *we've* got a crazy yandere hunting *us*."

"*Please* don't say the Y-word," you groan, pinching the bridge of your nose and ignoring the pointed crinkle of a plastic bag being ripped open. "And uh..."

You're hesitant to say that they *should* go hunting. You suspect that Kyouko just wants a moment away to decompress and to help Yuma and Sayaka sort things out, but Witch hunts are *not* something to do while mentally off-balance. You're rather uncomfortably aware of how *that* can go, after all.

Then again, you're hesitant to say that they *shouldn't*, if they want to - not only to avoid annoying Kyouko, but also because if they *do* want to step aside to regather themselves, you can't really blame them.

"Did you locate any Witches near the Minami Isetan?" Mami interjects delicately. "We're not expecting any further attacks, but it might be prudent to stay near to each other for now."

"Uhhh." Kyouko frowns, crunching loudly on a chip as she thinks. "Yeah, there is. Two? Yeah. Two of 'em. Yuma, Wondergirl, you up for it?"

Yuma hesitates as she grabs a fistful of chips, then nods firmly.

"Yu- I think it would be OK with three people!" she says.

"Uh... I dunno," Sayaka says. She takes a deep breath, fidgeting with the hilt of her sword. "Uh. I'm still a little, uh... shaky."

"C'mon, we're not even going that far from the rest," Kyouko cajoles, giving Sayaka a direct look. "And we can take it easy in the hunt."

They lock eyes for a moment, Sayaka seeming to read something from Kyouko as she nods slowly.

"I... fine," Sayaka says. "But we're *definitely* gonna play it safe. Right?"

"Yeah, yeah," Kyouko grumbles, crunching pointedly on a chip. "Seriously. We're not gonna go that far. Y' don't need Mami and Sabs holding your hand *all* the time, do you?"

Sayaka scowls, folding her arms.

"Er," you say, inserting yourself into the conversation before it can potentially devolve. "Right, er... if you're going hunting, you're gonna need this."

You toss Sayaka her power jewels, lofting them underhand at her, which she catches easily and tucks back under her cloak. And even if she's still somewhat pale, a tinge of green on her cheeks, she *does* meet your eyes squarely as she gives you a grin, some of that familiar cockiness seeping back in. And that's a relief, if you're being honest - relief that Sayaka isn't *scared* of you now, after seeing what you did.

Mami takes your hand once more, her thumb stroking over the back of yours. You sneak her a quick smile, then take a breath, and exhale hard.

"Alright. If that's settled, then, let's head out," you say.

And so the five of you turn south, bounding over the rooftops, through the rain and chill. You've got the Souju's... friends, as well as Ayase's Soul Gem, while Mami has Luca's. Probably best to keep them apart still, for now.

"*Oriko, Kirika?*" You reach out with telepathy. You've got a little planning to do "*We've got the Soujus.*"

"*I was watching,*" Oriko says. "*It was a relief to witness, I admit. Well done. Additionally, I've managed to find the rest of the Soul Gems they've stolen - they were stashed on the outskirts of Mitakihara ahead of their infiltration, it seems. And if they have any... followers, they're nowhere near Mitakihara.*"

"*... ah,*" you say. "*Right, that explains it. Good call, and thank you.*"

"*I do rather appreciate being able to contribute,*" Oriko says drily. "*You're very welcome.*"

"*I appreciate being alive too!*" Kirika adds, disconcertingly bright. "*If Oriko had died, I wouldn't be here either!*"

"*Er,*" you say, blinking as you land on a rooftop, rolling and bleeding momentum with the movement. "*Yes, I'm glad too...?*"

"*Apologies about that, we had a.... discussion earlier today,*" Oriko says. Her voice turns deliberately lighter. "*I do now have every intention of living, fret not. However, while I hadn't intended to bring it up in quite this manner, I *would* like to speak to you in person at some point. Nothing *too* urgent.*"

"*Ah,*" you say. You rather suspect it might be about her prediction of her own death. "*Right, yeah, I'll find the time. Though, er, I hate to ask after *that*, but could I ask for a bit of help right now?*"

"*Certainly,*" Oriko says. "*What do you need, Sabrina?*"

"*Er, well, Kirika - do you think you could prep an antimagic enchantment? Actually, two of 'em?*" you ask. "*I *may* want them for the Soujus. And... just in case, it might be nice for you to be ready in case they try and break out? I don't think they will, not from the way they're talking, but you'd be really good at taking them down if so.*"

"*I'll make *three*, and I'll be ready,*" Kirika says cheerfully. "*Though I'm not sure you need the help if they try and run. Oriko was showing me the fight! You were all *whrrr, bzzzzz, splat*! Was a pretty awesome fight, kinda wish I was there to see it in person.*"

"*There were no chainsaws involved,*" you say. "*Or splats. I was very careful about that. But, er, I'm hoping to not have to do that again except as a worst case scenario. So... thanks.*"

"*Yeah, and you'll owe me if I have to come out!*" Kirika says. "*It'll eat into my planned Oriko cuddling time.*"

"*... I feel like it's *always* Oriko cuddling time for you,*" you venture.

"*Yeah, I knew you'd understand,*" Kirika says, satisfied. "*You're lucky I don't have to get up to make the enchantments.*"

"*... yeah, fair enough,*" you concede. "*Anyway, again, thanks - and hopefully, I won't have to see you soon? Though Oriko, I'll make the time to come talk to you.*"

"*Please do,*" Oriko says.

The rain lends the city a shroud of ethereal beauty as you cut across the rooftops of the city center, sheets of rain sweeping past spires of steel and glass. No lightning nor thunder, just driving winds and relentless rain, the glow of headlights burning far below in unending rivers. With your Grief clearing a space all around your little group, the air smells fresh and *clean*, everything washed away.

You also take a moment to update Noriko and Akemi, Masami and Hiroko, all of them relieved at hearing that the issue has been handled. You do feel like you should drop in on them at some point, but you also feel like you hardly have enough time, these days. You haven't even had time to visit Warehouse-kun for some proper Science in a while, too. You've been wanting to experiment with non-Kyuubey telepathy for a while, just to get off the Incubator wiretapping network.

Ah, well.

One thing at a time.

You touch down on the roof of an apartment block near the Kure mansion - well, near enough, anyway. Theirs is a fancy enough place that they don't even have proper *neighbours*. Still, close enough, and the rooftop seems... if not comfortable, then at least well-kept, and good enough to stop at for a talk amidst the humming air conditioners and antennas and water tank.

"Aight, we're goin' that way," Kyouko drawls as you come to a halt, pointing out east with a half-eaten taiyaki. "First one's, uh, half a k out, sssssecond one..." She swivels on the spot, arm outstretched. "That direction, two k from here."

She nails you with a glare.

"Good enough for ya?" she asks.

"Yup," you say, limiting yourself to a carefully measured smile. You appreciate her actually bothering to keep you in the loop, after all, and you're perfectly aware that she finds your particular brand of cheeriness to be more than a little obnoxious. You're *trying*. "Thanks, Kyouko."

"Ugh," she says, rolling her eyes as she pivots and heads for the edge of the roof. "C'mon, Yuma, Wondergirl."

"Yeah, yeah. Coming," Sayaka says. She flicks a glance your way and nods.

You nod back at her. She's got this, and clone or not, she can definitely stand at Kyouko's side. And with Yuma there, and with them not going too far from your location, you're not too worried about them.

And as they bound off into the rain, that leaves you, Mami, and the Soujus alone on the roof. And their... friends, of course, and however doubtful you are about that particular description of their relationship, it's a moot point given that they're still seemingly unconscious.

Mami smiles at you.

"Did you want to talk to both of them together, or shall I speak to Miss Luca?" she asks.

---

- [ ] Speak to them together
- [ ] Speak to them apart
- [x] Vote in abeyance
  - [ ] Modify the questions? (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Question the Soujus (good cop)
- [x] You dreamed about me? Tell me more. Is that why you came to Mitakihara?
- [x] Tell me about your friends.
  - [x] Are there more we should check on?
  - [x] How did you meet?
- [x] Get the body healed while we do the interrogation.

---​

Man, I'd actually meant to finish the questioning this update, but I also wanted to not delay this update another week, dammit. So, chance to modify the questions a bit if you so choose, if not, I'll just continue on next week.
