# Hazard Course Pt. 20

"Iiiiii will speak to them together, I think," you say, returning Mami's smile. It's an easy decision in this case: you want to see what they're like *together*. 'More than the sum of their parts' might as well be their motto in life, as far as you know, and you want to get an idea of their thought process as a duo.

"Alright," Mami says, nodding and offering you Luca's Soul Gem, then stepping back as you accept. "I'll be here as your backup, then."

She gestures with a hand, golden ribbons webbing between the humming air conditioners to form a sort of hammock. Mami smiles gently at you, seating herself delicately upon it with one leg crossed over the other, producing a cup of tea from nowhere to sip upon. But despite seeming the very picture of ease, you know Mami better than that: her eyes are steady and watchful, her magic held at the ready for the slightest trouble.

You're in good hands, should the Soujus decide to try and surprise you with a sneak attack. Not that you're without your own precautions here, nanofog flowing all around you to saturate a full dome all around you, ready to respond to any attacks and in position to sense anything happening.

And also to keep the rain off you, of course, raindrops simply sliding away from above you. The rooftop is soaked and kind of grimy, and you *could* clean it off, but you're not going to bother. Instead, you follow Mami's lead. A flex of your magic folds together enough Grief to make a floating seat for yourself, and a small shelf hovering in front of you.

After a moment of hesitation, you add a second, substantially larger shelf.

Luca held in your right hand, Ayase in your left, and their body in hammerspace. You place the two Soul Gems on the smaller shelf, and evert the pieces of their body onto the larger one to act as a makeshift operating table. You don't think they'll mind you healing their body while you talk?

"*Miss Luca, Miss Ayase, I apologise for the wait,*" you say, reaching out with your mind at the same time as you start to summon healing magic to your hands. "*We had to reloc-*"

Their magic snaps together, fire and ice slamming together with force that's all but tangible in your mind's eye and desperate, clinging strength. You can feel Mami's magic flare in response, gathering in her form as she prepares for a fight.

All they do, instead, is speak.

"\* Luca!( Ayase!) \*" they say, their voice tumbling into each other and *resonant* in a way you'd be hard pressed to describe with mere language, like their thoughts start in one mind and echo in the other, blending into a discordant harmony.

"\* We're OK!( I'm OK!) \*" they respond, and you can barely pick out who's who at this point, but you can feel their attention turn towards you, feverishly eager.

"\* Did you see her magic?( You can feel her magic, right?) *" they ask each other. "* We did!( She's magnificent.) \*"

... you feel like you should point out that you have a girlfriend, but honestly, you're not going to use Mami as a shield, even as a joking interjection. Especially not in the face of this cloying *hunger*, especially not in the face of their questionable restraint vis-a-vis violence. You flick Mami a quick smile - she's only just starting to relax, but she returns the smile anyway.

"\* We should apologise,( Wait, we're being rude, aren't we?) *" they point out, the thought rebounding from one to the other in a wave of annoyance and dismay. "* We're sorry! ( We apologize!) \*"

"*No offense taken,*" you say, nodding. "*So, I'm Vee Sabrina. I'm speaking to Souju Luca and Ayase, right? Do you have a preferred mode of address?*"

"\* She knows our name!( Of course she does, I told you she would,) *" they exclaim, their voice blurring into excitement and breathless delight clinging to your every word. "* We're Souju.( I'm Luca!) We're honoured to meet you, Miss Vee!\*"

"*Alright. Miss Souju, then,*" you say. "*Now, er... I have some questions. And I'm also going to be multitasking to heal your body back up while we talk, but the healing isn't contingent on answering my questions, it's just, uh, an efficient use of time. Is that alright with you?*"

"\* That's completely fine!( You can do anything you want.) *" they say. "* What would you like to know?( We want to ask questions too! We want to know more!) \*"

"*Well, uh... to begin with, you said you dreamed of me?*" you ask, summoning healing magic to your hands once more - you'd let it dissipate earlier, distracted by their telepathic merge. "*Is that why you came to Mitakihara, then?*"

"*Oh! No, not a literal dream,*" they say brightly. "*We don't have prophecy magic( Pity.) . But we heard about you( You're perfect.) , and we had to come and see for ourselves!*"

"*Oh,*" you say, blinking and feeling rather sheepish. Well, it was an understandable mistake to make, given the phrasing, and the fact that you don't understand their magic. Prophetic things are an *entirely* reasonable thing to consider, given the world you live in. "*Well, what were you hoping to see?*"

"\* Your Soul,( Your magic!) \*" they say with a dreamy sigh. "*It shines like no other we've ever seen( Beautiful.) .*"

"*... right,*" you say, frowning lightly. You let your hands move on autopilot as you chew on that, healing their body rapidly - at least the clean cuts mean that you only have to expend a little effort to join the parts back together.

You're not entirely sure what to make of the Soujus' interest in you - there's the obvious, yes. Your Grief magic is unique, and your soul is unusual, but you're not entirely sure what exactly the *Soujus* would find so interesting about it. Admittedly, that might be sufficient, but you have to wonder if there's anything deeper to it.

"\* You don't get it( She doesn't see it yet.) ,*" the Soujus say, a bright, manic edge of eagerness in their voices. "* But that's alright.( Help her understand!) Let us show you!\*"

"*I'll have to decline, I'm sorry,*" you say carefully. You're not particularly willing to submit yourself to whatever magic they might deploy against you, after all, so a topic change might be in order. "*If you don't mind my asking, who told you about me?*"

"\* Oh, one of our new friends!( Her soul is gorgeous, but not as much as yours.) \*" they say. "\*She was actually coming to see you.( We met her in Kanazawa!) \*"

"*Oh?*" you say, careful not to let emotion leak into your mental voice. You'd been meaning to ask about her 'friends', after all. "*Is she one of the five you have with you today?*"

Kanazawa... north-west of Mitakihara, nestled against the north-west coast of Japan, you think. A fair distance away from Asunaro, maybe, but you can definitely trace a path the Soujus might have taken to hit that city in a few weeks from now, had they not been diverted by news of you.

"\* Oh, yes! And her soul was quite pretty,( She struggled so hard against becoming our friend,) *" they tell you earnestly, that eagerness to please in their mental voice gaining a fever-bright edge as their mental presence twines around yours. "* But not as much as yours, of course.( We love that gorgeous, gorgeous shade of shining white.) \*"

Oh.

That's not good.

Mami picks up on some of your unease, somehow, even though you're sure that you don't so much as twitch in response, continuing to heal the Soujus' body. Nevertheless, you can feel golden eyes on you, adoring warmth as she sips daintily at her cup of tea, steaming in defiance of the chill of the rain. You respond with a reassuring smile. Concerning, but not *urgent*.

"*... did you make all your friends the same way?*" you ask carefully.

"*How else do you make friends?*" they respond blanky. They actually sound startled, that feverish glee blunted by bafflement. "\* You meet them, then you work to become friends!( Do you know something we don't? Ah, maybe an angel has better ways!) \*"

"*Well, that's true,*" you say. By extremely warped standards, yes, but the *outline* is there, you have to concede. And you're not about to dig into that as an argument.

"\* Mmmhm! So we have friends!( She definitely knows something,) *" they say. "* What else did you want to ask?( We need to prove ourselves before she'll tell us.) \*"

"*Ah, yeah - what did you do with your friends' bodies?*" you ask.

"*Oh, they don't need them( Ugh, bodies,) anymore,*" the Soujus say. "\* We left 'em behind!( Nasty, ugly, heavy things.) \*"

"*Alright,*" you say. "*And you've got more friends, right?*"

"\* We do!( Oh, she knows!) We left stashed them safe and sound before coming to find you,*" they say, their tone turning dark and furious as they continue. "* Not everyone gets it!( But you understand, right?) Some people try and take them from us.\*"

"*Right...*" you say, nodding slowly and leaning back on your Grief seat as you think. That's definitely a problem. You release the healing magic for a moment - you've made good progress for now, anyway, and you need to gather your thoughts.

---

- [ ] Continue the questioning
  - [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)
- [ ] Do something else now?

---

I'm sorry for the delay on this one! Being wiped out *and* the complexity of this one didn't help. >\_>
