# Hazard Course Pt. 21

You hum thoughtfully to yourself as you lean back, Grief moulded to your back for support.

Not malicious, you feel, or at least, not intentionally so. Delusional, almost certainly. You don't think they're lying to you, nor-

"*Uh, sorry, I'm just sorting out my thoughts,*" you say. "*But, uh, I realize I've been rude. May I know your pronouns?*"

"*Oh! We're not really fussy, either 'she' or 'they' are fine! But thank you for asking( So considerate\~) !*" the Soujus respond. They sound absolutely *delighted* by your question, their mental presence twining about yours.

"*Alright, thank you,*" you say. There's no cause to be *rude*, after all.

You lean back on the Grief backrest, exchanging a smile with Mami as you think, working through the angles of this situation.

So. Not intentionally malicious, and neither are they lying to you. In fact, they've been entirely honest and open about what they're doing. Which *does* inspire a slightly discomfiting thought in your mind: their... *skewed* notion of friendship appears to consist of forcefully claiming others' Soul Gems and coercing them into 'friendship'.

You have, in fact, forcefully claimed their Soul Gems and are in the process of conversing with them in a polite, mostly equal manner.

Admittedly, you're also healing up their body, which is, as it turns out, something of a radical departure from what *they* do. And considering their apparent opinions about bodies, you're a little worried about their probably response to you trying to re-embody their victims - which you *are* going to do. You're *not* going to just leave them like that, and if the Soujus have a problem with that, they can deal.

Well, unless they actually *want* to be disembodied Soul Gems, but... you can read between the lines. For all the superficial similarity, you doubt that the Souju's 'friends' are in truth any such thing, except within the Souju's delusions. You'd be pleasantly surprised to be proven wrong, but you have your doubts.

"*Alright,*" you say, summoning healing magic once more to your hands as you lean forward once more. You may as well keep it up, after all. "*I've got a few more questions, if you don't mind?*"

"\* Ah( Oh!) , yes! Ask away!( We'll do anything.) \*" they respond, their voice breathy and *hungry*.

"*Right,*" you say. "*I was wondering about something, and I realize that it might be too personal, so please, only answer as much or as little as you feel comfortable sharing. But... how did you get started as magical girls? Were you always so close?*"

"\* We've always been like this( From the moment Kyuubey made its offer!) !\*" they say, the giddy delight melting into something a touch more somber. "*We were there when a Soul Gem was overtaken by corruption( awful awful awful awful!) , and a Witch was born. Kyuubey found us after the attack( It hurt...) .*"

"*I'm sorry,*" you say quietly.

"*Thank you,*" the Soujus say, gravely serious for once. "*We were... badly hurt, but we knew what we wanted. I wished to preserve Luca's( Ayase's) soul.*"

"*... I'm sorry,*" you say again. "*I wish things could have turned out better.*"

"*It's not all bad!*" they say brightly. "*Now we have each other forever( and we have our mission!) and ever! And it's better for us this way, anyway( one less nasty, ugly body to waste our Soul Gems on) !*"

"*I see,*" you say. And you think you do, filling in between the lines. They'd been at ground zero for a Witch hatching, and the Witch had injured them - possibly fatally. And Kyuubey, the little bastard that it is, had been conveniently *right there* to take advantage of them. "*Say, is that related to how you're capable of operating as just Soul Gems? I've always thought it should be possible, but never found the time to try it out.*"

"*Oh, no, it's nothing to do with our Wishes. You just... do it( It's the same as using a body, just the opposite!) ,*" they respond. "*You should try it out!*"

"*Well, I do mean to try when I find the time,*" you agree. "*Say, on that note, does your, ah, mental link go through Kyuubey? I assume not.*"

"*Of course not,*" they scoff, your imagination supplying an accompanying sneer to go with the derisive tone. "\* Like we'd trust him.( It's always trying to dim the shine of Soul Gems.) Our own Wish is sufficient. It's nothing compared to you, of course, but it's our own way of making our way through the world.\*"

You nod. That's probably just as well, for their sakes, and you *might* want to ask after the specifics at a later point. What they have is a step well beyond simple telepathy, and perhaps it could serve as a lead to getting off Kyuubey's telepathic network - and then again, perhaps not. You wouldn't be surprised if it's something entirely unique to their Wish.

The rain continues to drum down on the roof, beyond the umbrella of your magic, the chill washing in against the warmth radiating from the humming air conditioner compressors at your back. You continue to heal, and to think. You're not entirely sure what to do here with the Soujus, you have to admit - you have a good idea of how you can help their victims, but the Soujus themselves...

Well, for one, they're almost certainly going to lose it if you press the matter of their victims' bodies. But speaking of their 'friends', you *are* reminded of another important consideration.

"*Say, Miss Souju, I noticed something else earlier I wanted to ask about?*" you say.

"*Please!*" they respond, their mental presence all but draped over yours in giddy delight.

"*Well, I noticed that you were, ah, draining Grief into your friends,*" you say, fighting not to show your revulsion at the thought. "*How were you doing that?*"

And just like that, the eager hunger is gone, replaced with sudden trepidation as they respond.

"\* A-ah, yes, we're sorry!( We didn't mean to trespass!) \*" they say. "*We've never... we've always *hoped* that someone like you( the angel of salvation) would exist, but we had to develop our own means.*"

"*I take no offense that you tried to develop your own magic,*" you say neutrally, because you do rather take offense at dumping Grief into someone else's Soul Gem, especially given the apparent coercion involved. "*But I did notice you transferring Grief into your friends' Soul Gems?*"

"\* We're sorry!( Please forgive us!) We know it's not our place to do that!\*" they whisper with quiet, urgent fear and borderline panic. "*We lack your ability, Miss Vee( our angel) , but we had to push beyond ourselves to preserve Soul Gems as much as we can!*"

Their Soul Gems vibrate in agitation on the shelf, magic seeping from them in pulsing waves of hot and cold. You get the impression that if they could, they'd be kneeling in full before you, trying to gain your apology and yet-

"*Please forgive us!*" they repeat, both voices in harmony.

\-and yet, you don't know if you *can* forgive them. You can't forgive them, not in the way they want. It's not a transgression against *you* that's the problem here, for all that you *hate* the idea of them forcing their Grief on others.

\*\*\[] Lie to them, give them what they want
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)
\*\*

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\-\[X] Ask about their victims' bodies
\--\[X] I'm fixing up the body you were using in case you wanted it back after we got to know each other better.
\---\[X] It seemed impolite to just throw it away without asking. Did you ask your friends if they still wanted theirs?
\----\[X] If you forgot to ask, I can go get the bodies and fix them up for you so you don't come off as impolite. Where exactly did you leave them?

\=====​

Apologies for this update coming late again. That's been happening a lot lately, just... work, plus me not getting enough sleep and thus not having energy to write for most part.
