# Hazard Course Pt. 22

You sigh lightly, closing your eyes for a moment. No small quandry, is it?

The Soujus don't understand what they did wrong, that much is plain. They're focusing on some imagined slight against *you*, that Grief control is *your* domain, and doing it is akin to some nigh-religious heresy against you: trespassing beyond the domain mere 'mortals' are allowed to tread upon.

And that's another thing that sits ill with you. They seem to low-key *worship* you in some way, putting you up on some weird divine pedestal. You've been trying to ignore it, and it's not even the sheer *fervour* with which they approach the topic, but there's something about the whole notion that just sits ill with you. But you have no idea how to address it, either.

So rather than deal with that, you're just going to ignore that bit for now.

You have approximately as much jealousy or offense at other people having Grief control as you would other people being able to *breathe*. It's just a part of you, just as natural as aforementioned breathing. And your sole offense is that as far as you know, other Grief controllers can only move Grief from soul to soul, and that seems to be *exactly* the case here.

You also have way more than one thing to do and not a lot of time to think this one through, not with the Soujus' anxiety still thrumming along the mental connection. And sure, you can multitask like *anything*, but you actually want to focus a bit here on maybe unravelling the Soujus. So you're going to delegate some of this.

"*There's nothing to worry about on that front,*" you say to the Soujus. "*I'm actually very impressed that you managed to develop Grief manipulation on your own, and I don't take any offense at it. The opposite, really?*"

"*We thank you( The... opposite?) for your forbearance, Miss Vee,*" the Soujus respond.

"*Mami?*" you think simultaneously. "*Could you do me a favour?*"

"*Mm?*" Mami says. Golden eyes slide inquisitively over to you, and she lowers her cup of tea to offer you a smile.

"*We need someone to pick up the Soul Gems Oriko found,*" you say. "*And someone to make them new bodies. Sayaka could do it, but I'm not sure she's feeling up to it, if not... Niko, maybe?*"

"*Ah, I see,*" Mami says, smiling slightly. "*I'll coordinate it. How are things going?*"

"*Confusingly, but well enough, I think,*" you tell her, simultaneously responding to the Soujus.

"*Yes, I've actually been working on finding a way to ensure that more people have access to Grief control,*" you tell them. "*I'm not sure that it's possible to have my particular brand of magic, but people with the ability to move Grief around and the right mindset can do a lot of good, so I'm glad to know that it's something that can be learned.*"

"*We are but human, Miss Vee( Hewer) ,*" the Soujus say. "*We're... not sure we could approach your power.*"

"*'Hewer'?*" you ask, because you can't help it. There's just *something* about the semi-religious attitude they've taken that *grates*. And that right there... *Hewers of wood and drawers of water*. It's a strangely Christian term to use, and you just can't help but poke at it.

"*You hew away the *filth* that conceals the shine of Soul Gem and Grief Seed alike,*" they say, that avid hunger seeping into their tone once more. "*We thought it befits you.( Does it displease you? We can think of something else!)*"

"*Oh,*" you say, relaxing slightly. *Not* a Biblical reference then. You're not really sure why it got your hackles up like that, and it still sits weirdly to be referred to in such a way, somehow. But it's not like it's really important, so you'll let it pass, you suppose. "*Alright.*"

You take a deep breath, more as punctuation than out of need, because the next question you want to bring up will probably be a whole *thing*. You lean back, levelling a look at the pair of Soul Gems resting on the Grief platform before you. You're not sure if they can actually tell, but it's the closest you can get to meeting their eyes at the moment, given that their body is still lying unconscious on the makeshift operating table before you. Largely healed by this point, to be fair, but putting them back on it is another topic you'll need to broach given their seeming distaste for bodies.

"*Alright,*" you repeat. "*So. Grief manipulation aside, I did want to ask - did you ask for their consent before taking their bodies, or transferring Grief into their Soul Gems?*"

"*Oh, they weren't our friends( Nobody ever understands us!) when we met them!*" they say cheerfully. "*But we can't let the shine of their Soul Gems dim, so we couldn't possibly leave them behind!*"

"*And what about transferring Grief into their Soul Gems?*" you ask. "*Did you ask for permission for that?*"

"*Ah...*" they say. "*No, we didn't. Why?( Again, we're sorry for our trespass.)*"

Yeah.

That's exactly what you expected.

"*Consent is important,*" you say, letting your disapproval leak into your mental voice. You recline on your Grief seat, staring down their Soul Gems for lack of anything better to do. "*I would have *zero* objection to anything you've done if you'd asked for permission, *and* they agreed.*"

"*We're( What?) sorry!*" the Soujus say, their voices warbling in distressed dissonance. "*Please forgive us!( We didn't mean to offend!)*"

"*I... do you understand why I'm upset with you?*" you ask.

"*Yes( No) ?*" they say.

You resist the urge to rub your brow.

"*I... look, you do know about asking for permission before doing something, right?*" you ask.

"*We do( Of course) ,*" they say, sounding almost offended. "*We'd ask if we wanted to borrow a few hundred yen. But this is different.( we have to preserve their shine!) You understand, right? You're the angel! We're fighting for the same thing!*"

"*I do fight to prevent people from falling to despair, yes,*" you say gently. "*And I agree that sometimes, people will fight you when you're trying to help them. But *forcing* them to accept your help should be a *last* resort.*"

"*But they never accept our help( But they never understand we're trying to help) ,*" they say petulantly.

"*Well. Most people are attached to their bodies,*" you say, and hurry to continue as you feel their rising indignation. "*I understand that you aren't, and in some ways I see your point, but most people *do* enjoy having their bodies.*"

"*They understand after we free them!( It always takes time, but they always come around!)*" the Soujus say. "*Bodies are nasty, ugly things, they're better off without them!*"

You're not entirely sure that they *do* come around, you have to admit, though you'll be pleasantly surprised to be wrong, and even then, you can't possibly approve of them kidnapping people and forcing them into accepting the situation. You're going to need to talk to their victims, and soon. At the same time, you can't help but contrast your own behaviour, just a bit. Megane Ono, and her refusal to accept your help with the Grief she'd been burning. Hamasaki Akiko, and her rage over Grief Seeds.

There are differences. Differences in context, in situation, in intent.

But you still can't help but see the parallels here. They're not *relevant*, you feel, but you're not so blind you can't see it.

Even so, it leaves you at an impasse. They just don't *get* it, and maybe you could try explaining it to them, but...

It's not too hard to read between the lines of what they'd said. They were hurt, and badly so as a Witch hatched. Possibly fatally so. And they'd Wished for each other, in that moment selling their Souls to protect each other. And that trauma had warped their perspectives, probably not helped by their newly found magic linking their minds together.

You don't know if they *can* get it. Maybe with time and proper therapy, neither of which are available just this moment.

---

- [ ] Try to explain further
  - [ ] How?
- [ ] Pass it over for the moment
  - [ ] They seem to trust you, ask them to take you at your word for now
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

- [x] Suggest they might want to apologize to those girls
- [x] Ask if the body they were using originally belonged to them or to one of the other girls, and if the later, which one.
  - [x] If it belongs to someone else, inform them that we're returning it
  - [x] Either way ask what sort of body they would like to use for themselves, if any.
- [x] The Soujus had questions of their own. Let them ask.
- [x] Break for voting before deciding what to do with the Soujus

\=====​

Another update, late once again, and I'm sorry for that. However, my schedule's looking a little clearer, so hopefully I'll be able to pick up the pace with the coming updates?
