# Hazard Course Pt. 23

You get it, you suppose.

You can't possibly condone what the Soujus did, and you won't, but... in many ways, there but for the grace of Madoka you go. But by that same grace, you're here to *fix* things. The Soujus are no exception: they need help, not condemnation.

You set aside the revulsion you feel for what they did. Forgiveness is not yours to grant, but you can correct the course of things. The question, then, is how to best accomplish that.

The rain continues to fall around you as you think, drumming off the rooftop beyond the border of your Grief umbrella. Mitakihara drowned in rain is a gorgeous sight, you have to admit. The shroud of grey drawn across the city only serves to highlight the skyscrapers standing defiant against the heavens, illuminated from below by the glow of streetlights and endlessly flowing rivers of cars, life and *people* in the millions.

Mami, noticing your wandering attention, catches your eye and nods slightly. She's sorted out the job of collecting the Soul Gems, then - something for you to catch up on later. But for now, a smile rises unbidden to your face, gratitude and simple affection buoying your mood. You probably look rather dumb, but Mami seems to appreciate it, her own smile widening a touch as she folds her hands on her lap, maintaining that image of perfect ease as she continues to keep watch.

Which leads you back to the matter at hand: the Soujus.

You'll see what you can do here, see what you can do to help them understand, or at least to abide. And you'll have to think about where you can send them longer term, too - you're more than a little reluctant to add more to Yuki's shoulders, especially as you want to abide by the mutual agreement that she's not going to be running a prison, in the longer term.

... it might, perhaps, be possible to send them to Asunaro. If you can be sure that they won't relapse while away from you, the Asunaro girls will probably welcome them happily? It would be poetically pleasing in many ways, which is by no means a good reason to make a decision, granted, but it's not a bad idea on its own merits.

Something to think over and discuss with your friends - Kazumi in particular.

"*I'm not mad at you,*" you say slowly, voicing your thoughts as you return your attention to the two Soul Gems held before you. "*And... I understand why you've done the things you have.*"

"*Thank you?*" they say, but then, you can hear the uncertainty in their mental voices, shared across both minds in eerie harmony. The 'but' seems rather inevitable, you suppose.

"*I know you acted out of good intentions, and I approve of that much,*" you say. "*But I feel that you've mishandled some parts of what you actually did.*"

"\*Where did we go wrong?( Let us earn forgiveness!) \*" they demand eagerly.

There's a solution here, tantalizingly within reach.

The Soujus seem to all but *worship* you, hanging on to your words with near-religious fervour and that eager, cloying hunger. And you could use that reverence for you, pivot it into *obedience*. It would be easy, and it would solve all your problems. Just have them obey your edicts.

And maybe this is a special case, and maybe it wouldn't even be applicable to anyone else. Certainly it would resolve all your problems right now. It would be the *easy* way out. And it'd be so *easy*. Just lean into it, just let them think what they will. Just let them *obey* you. You could do so much more if you let them be agents of your will. But...

No.

No, it's *not* who you are.

It's not what you *do*.

This is *not* who you want to be. You *refuse* to be that sort of person, and it's *not* how you're going to proceed.

"*It's not something I'd demand you do,*" you say. "*Rather, I understand that you wouldn't want to do it, so I'm going to be the one handling those issues.*"

"*Oh...*" they say, and you can hear the dread in their voices.

"*So, let me emphasize that I'm not mad at you about it, and I don't expect you to want anything to do with it yourselves,*" you say, your voice firm. "*But I'm planning to talk to the girls you helped, and if they want, reconnect them with their friends and family. And if they want, I'll be providing them with bodies as well, since I can keep their Soul Gems clean.*"

"\* But we-( Giving them-) *" they splutter, disgust and anger surging over telepathy. "* But why?( Ugly filth.) \*"

"*Because they might miss their families and friends, and want to be with them,*" you say. "*And they might similarly want their bodies back. I'm going to *ask*, and if they don't want them, then I'm hardly going to force them to. Either way, though, I'm going to ensure that they'll have cleansing available to them, so their Soul Gems won't be tarnished.*"

"\* Oh...( We screwed up...) \*" they say, that anger ebbing.

"*So... in the interests of being fair, would *you* want your body back?*" you say gently. "*If you don't, that's fine, but I'm going to offer everyone, right?*"

"\*You're... you're not going to cast us aside, right?( We can serve you! Any way you need!) \*" they ask.

There's a loaded question if there ever was one. You can hardly *accept* that whole slavish adoration they've got going on, even setting aside their weird adoration, but trying to disentangle it isn't something you have any idea how to even begin with, either.

"*I'm not angry at you,*" you say instead. "*Though I would... appreciate it if you would be willing to stay with some friends of mine and keep calm while I handle the rest of this. It won't be a permanent thing, until maybe the end of the day or tomorrow, then we'll figure out where to proceed from there. Is that alright with you?*"

"\* Anything for you!( A friend of the angel is a friend of us!) \*" they exclaim, fawning and eager and *hungry*.

"*Alright. So with that in mind, *do* you want your body back?*" you ask, smiling gently, even if they can't see it. Besides, it colours your telepathy. "*I've finished healing it up. I'll be keeping your Soul Gems clean, of course.*"

"\* Not really?( Is that OK?) \*" they say. "*Can we use our magic to get around?*"

You blink, slightly disconcerted. You sort of get why they'd want to shed their bodies, even setting aside past traumas, but... this does rather trip your plans up a little. Well, you had been planning on using the anti-magic enchantments Kirika was making them, but if they don't even want their body, that might prove to be a problem.

"*I'll discuss it with my friends and figure something out,*" you say. "*In the meantime, I guess... I'll hang on to your body for you?*"

"\* If it's not too much trouble,( Suppose it might be useful,) \*" they say, mental voices decidedly unenthusiastic.

"*Alright,*" you say, scratching your hair awkwardly.

You hesitate for a moment, then fold the Soujus' body into hammerspace, sealed in a layer of Grief. Life support is easy enough to keep in the back of your mind, a trickle of oxygen and nutrients pulled from the air, but man this is sort of macabre.

... it's not like you didn't understand why Homura wouldn't want to store bodies in her shield, way back then. What goes around comes around, you suppose.

"*Anyway, just two more things,*" you say. "*First, I... appreciate that you've been working to prevent people from tarnishing their Soul Gems. Really, I do, and you're right that that's *also* my goal. Just with different methods. But now that you've made contact with me, you won't need to forcibly disconnect people any more, right?*"

"\* You'll send us out to seek more?( We'll be your faithful servants!) \*" they say. "*Oh, maybe we *would* need our body for that...*"

"*My plans aren't exactly set in stone, but it's *possible*,*" you say. "*But I must stress that it depends on a lot of things, so we'll see.*"

"\* We understand,( We have to earn her trust!) \*" they say eagerly.

"*Alright. Well... that's about that from me, so - the second thing is, you had more questions for me, right?*" you ask.

"*Ah... yes!*" the Soujus say. "*Our friends. You... wish to take them for your own, right?*"

"*I want to talk to them, and ask them what *they* want,*" you clarify. "*But... yes, I'll be taking them from you, at least for the short term.*"

"\* As our angel demands,( We gladly make the sacrifice,) \*" they murmur quietly. "*We left the others in safe-keeping to the north, hidden in one of the old warehouses.*"

You suppress your flinch. *Sacrifice*, ugh. You just can't get used to the whole... religious thing they've got for you.

"*... thank you,*" you say, not letting your discomfort leak into your mental voice. "*I'll ask one of my friends to pick them up.*"

"*As you say,*" they respond solemnly. "\* We had one more question?( We should make truly sure...) \*"

"*Sure, go ahead?*" you say, tilting your head curiously and eyeing the two Soul Gems before you.

"*You... truly don't mind that we trespassed upon your domain?*" they ask, with the air of someone poking at a loose tooth with their tongue.

"*I really don't,*" you say.

"\* Not even if we've...( Please don't be angry!) gotten rid of some impurity?\*"

"*Gotten *rid* of impurity?*" you ask, sitting bolt upright. "*I- you mean Grief, right? The stuff that tarnishes Soul Gems?*"

"*Yeeesss?*" they say guiltily. You get the impression they'd be avoiding your eyes, if they could.

"*I- no, I'm not angry about that, but I want you to elaborate,*" you say. "*Please.*"

"*We... we use our( my) magic to keep our friends asleep, to preserve the shine of their Soul Gems,*" they say. "*But even with that, we still need to make our Grief Seeds stretch, and we've developed a technique to get rid of the *filth*.*"

"*So you know of a way to get rid of *Grief*?*" you ask, fighting to keep your voice even even as adrenaline chases through your veins. Madokami above, if *this* is how you get your hands on a method of cleansing for other magical girls, you're going to scream.

"*Um... sort of?*" they say, their voice very small. "*We pull( push) the muck back and forth between Soul Gems, and it slowly... goes away? But it's very slow, and we need to focus.*"

"*Can you explain more?*" you ask urgently, leaning forward. "*I- this could be *huge* for my goals.*"

It sounds like what they've got is a way to *dissipate* Grief, like you would by releasing Grief from your control. Which might lead to its own problems, but if that's something teachable, that's still potentially *huge*.

"*It's something we figured out we could do,*" they say. "*We have to push( pull) and pull( push) the... Grief simultaneously, transfer it between Soul Gems, but it's *hard* to balance it just right. And we found that the more Soul Gems we used, the safer? Each Soul Gem can be tarnished less.*"

"*And then the Grief just goes away?*" you ask.

"\* We think it gets released into the air?( It stops polluting Soul Gems, so we never thought about it much...) \*" they say. "*We're sorry, we're not sure. Um... we should say it takes a *long* time, maybe a few hours?*"

You sit back, staring blindly out at the cloudy skies for a moment, then you take a deep breath and shake yourself.

"*Alright,*" you say. "*Thank you for sharing - as I said, this one could be *huge* for my goals. If it can be learned, it can be taught, and that would be revolutionary. But for now, please give me a moment?*"

"*OK! Thank you for your grace,*" they say.

You nod, breaking the telepathic connection and standing. Mami smiles at you, starting to rise herself, but you wave her down. In your free hand, Grief coalesces to form a pillow - fluffy and soft and wrought of threads of nightmare purple, and just perfect for you to bury your face in and *scream*.

A moment later, you dismiss it, and walk over to a very concerned-looking Mami, falling on the hammock to curl into her side, tucking your face against her shoulder with a groan.

"Sabrina?" Mami asks, shifting to give you more room and gently wrapping her arm around your shoulder.

"I'm going to go grey from this bullshit," you announce. "My hair's going to turn *grey*. And then my hair's going to turn black, because that makes perfect sense and is definitely how hair works. And then I'll retire to another anime where I can solve all my problems by hitting them with my hammer."

Mami giggles softly, leaning down so she can brush a kiss against your forehead.

"That's alright, Sabrina, you'd still look lovely with black hair," she says. "Can I come along to this other anime?"

"Of course," you say, offering her a smile. "Sorry, just... that was a *lot*. I need to figure out what to do."

"Take your time," she says warmly. "I did ask Miss Watanabe and Miss Saito to collect the Soul Gems, by the by."

"Thank you," you say, and snuggle against her side, closing your eyes to think this through.

**\[] Question the Soujus more
\[] Proceed with vote in abeyance
\[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)**

Spoiler: Vote in abeyance

\[X] Meet up with our team at the Kures'.
-\[X] Apply the anti-magic restraints we asked Kirika for, just in case
-\[X] Check progress on retrieving Twins' victims.
-\[X] Check how Sayaka's doing.
\[X] Explain what we learned interrogating the Soujus.
-\[X] That they think they're helping people
-\[X] That they are acting weirdly worshipful of Sabrina
\[X] Decide what to do with the Soujus
-\[X] We're increasingly uncomfortable making Yuki run an oubliette, even if we intend to replace it with something better soon.
\--\[X] We'd rather not send someone who was trying to help there if we can help it
-\[X] The Soujus can't be let go without supervision.
\--\[X] The only way we can see to not have them locked up is if some team's willing to adopt them.
\[X] Before leaving the Kures'
-\[X] Don't leave Sayaka without talking more
-\[X] Oriko wanted to talk about something.

\=====​

Heh.
