# Hazard Course Pt. 24

You grumble quietly to yourself, eyes firmly shut and face buried against Mami's shoulder. You'd call that whole thing a qualified success. No real harm done to anyone, and in exchange for just a touch of kindness and understanding, you've gained a potentially massive lead for your own goals.

All that you have to deal with in return is a colossal, brand new headache in the form of the Soujus and their victims. That's not going to be an easy one to disentangle, considering that their victims have every right to be upset with their circumstances, to want *justice*.

But that's a bridge you'll cross when you get to it, because you have bigger issues to consider for the moment.

"How does hair *work*, anyway?" you mumble into the sleeve of Mami's costume.

"Mm?" Mami says.

"Hair colours," you elaborate.

"Mm? It's mostly just normal structural colouration, isn't it?" she says. "And melanin under that, of course."

"Mmh," you say, rather than address that in any detail. It doesn't sound right, but then again, what do you know? "Well, your hair is absolutely gorgeous."

"I- oh, thank you, Sabrina," Mami says warmly. You can hear the smile *and* the blush even with your eyes closed. "I think your hair's absolutely lovely, too. I'm confident it won't turn grey, but even if it did, you'd still look just as pretty as you do now."

"Thank you," you say. And then, because you can't put it off any longer, you add, "The Soujus have a way to cleanse Soul Gems. It's not quick, it's not easy, and I'm not even sure if other people can use their technique, but they have it."

"Ah," Mami says, her shoulder shifting as she nods. "That... doesn't entirely surprise me."

"Because of the number of Soul Gems that they were preserving?" you ask. "Yeah. It's in addition to some kind of... stasis from Miss Luca, I think, but... yeah. And it seems like it's something that scales with the number of Soul Gems they have, or it's *safer* with more Soul Gems?"

"That was indeed my line of thought," Mami agrees thoughtfully. "It does make an unfortunate amount of sense."

"But that's not *why* they're collecting Soul Gems - they collect Soul Gems because they're, they're enamoured of the 'shine', and they want to preserve it as much as possible," you say. There's a certain morosity leaking into your voice, you feel. "And that 'shine' is part of why they kidnapped people and left their bodies behind - because that's one more way for Soul Gems to *tarnish*."

Mami hums quietly, her arm tightening around you. She gets it, you can tell, but it's hard to figure out what to say to that - you should know, you've been trying to put it to words yourself. You nestle into the hug, drawing comfort from her and letting the stress ebb from you for a moment.

"Also, they lowkey seem to worship me, and it *high* key weirds me out," you add.

"Oh?" Mami says.

"Yeah... it's weird," you say. "They keep calling me 'angel' and such, and not in a... flirty way? It's... yeah. Actual religious-ish worship. It's... a bit creepy."

"Did you ask them to stop?" Mami asks.

"No, but I'm not sure if it would do any good," you say. "I mean, they might stop doing it to my face, but the belief seems *genuine*, and I don't think it'd be any better." You grimace. "As long as they don't start trying to proselytize, I suppose."

Mami chuckles fondly, pressing another kiss to your temple.

"Only you, Sabrina," she says, her tone turning playfully teasing. "Though I do suppose I can see the point in the general idea, if not their approach..."

*That* gets you to open your eyes, but only enough to give her a betrayed look. Mami giggles in response, smiling at you, and you can't resist the urge to pull her into a proper hug. You luxuriate in the shared warmth radiating from Mami for a moment longer before sighing, and pulling back from her. There's plenty to do today, and you can't afford to rest just yet.

"Alrighty," you say. "Time to go."

"To the Kures'?" Mami asks.

"Yep," you say. "I'll check with them and ask if they're ok with having us over for a while."

"I'll let Miss Watanabe and Miss Saito know, then," Mami says with a smile.

"Ah? Ah, alright," you say. Somehow, you'd expected Sayaka, Kyouko, and Yuma to be the ones collecting the Soujus' stash of Soul Gems, but upon reflection, it makes sense - they needed a bit of *space*, not to be slapped with another stark reminder of the whole affair.

"I'll let Kyouko, Sayaka, and Yuma know to meet us there when they're done, too," Mami says with a slight smile. "Though... I'll check if Sayaka would be alright with it, first? She's already, ah, unsettled, and might prefer not to."

"Are you sure you can't read minds?" you ask, grinning at her. "But that sounds good. Thank you, Mami."

"Always," Mami says warmly, before her expression turns teasing. "However, I'm not sure I've ever made such a claim, you know?"

You laugh, even as you take her hand and leap for the next roof in easy harmony. The Soujus' Soul Gems trail in the air behind you, held safely in clasps of Grief, and you leave behind a rooftop drier than the rest of Mitakihara. Just for a moment, as the rain sweeps in to reclaim it, darkening concrete once more.

"*Oriko, Kirika?*" You reach out to your friends as you land on the next roof and speed onwards, rainwater splashing around you and sliding off your coat.

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" Oriko replies, unruffled and calm.

"*Do you mind if we drop by your place for a moment? Both to pick up the antimagic enchantments, and to discuss things?*" you ask. And really, it works out nicely, considering that Oriko had asked to speak with you. "*Uh, by 'we' I mean Mami, Sayaka, Kyouko, Yuma, and I. And, uh, the Soujus, but they're just Soul Gems at the moment.*"

"*You're always welcome to come over,*" Oriko says.

"*Except when we're having us time!*" Kirika adds brightly.

"*Uh?*" you say.

"*You're always welcome to come over, *except* when we're having us time!*" Kirika says.

"*... yeah, alright, fair point,*" you concede. "*Thanks, both of you.*"

"*I'll have tea ready,*" Oriko says, and ends the call.

You hum thoughtfully as you slip around an antenna mast, Mami a step ahead of you and all but glowing gold against the gloomy skies above. She tilts her head back, somehow intuiting your attention, and you can't help the smile that rises to your face. Just having Mami around lifts your mood, but you can't help but reminded that she *should* be in school right now. It should be fine for today, since it *is* something of a special occasion, but you don't want her to make a habit of it.

"*All good?*" you ask.

"*All good,*" Mami confirms, bracing and leaping for the next building without even looking. "*A bit of time to think seems to have helped her settle down.*"

"*That's good, but I'll still want to talk to her, I think,*" you say. "*Even if she's alright, just to clear the air, at the very least.*"

"*Sayaka's strong,*" Mami says thoughtfully. "*But I think it can't hurt.*"

"*Yeah,*" you agree.

It doesn't take too long to get to the Mikuni mansion, to find Kirika waiting for you with the door pulled wide, unheeding of the rain splashing inside. Mami lands a step ahead of you, daintily avoiding the splashing mud, and carefully skirts around the uprooted rosebush as the both of you head in.

That rose bush seems to be recovering rather well, you have to admit, the roots having found their way back to the soil and new growth starting to push through. The rain will do it good, you suppose.

"'morning!" Kirika says, waving you over with a fanged grin.

"Hey, Kirika," you say. "How's it going?"

"I've got my Oriko, so I can't complain," she says smugly. "C'mon in, she's setting up in the living room."

Oriko greets you in the living room as promised, fussing over a tea set and pouring out cups of rich, savoury green tea. Gyokuro, you recognise, which she's made for you before. You *do* rather suspect it's a joke about your memory being weird, since green tea's supposed to be good for the brain, but it's *good* tea, so you decide not to complain. Instead, you settle onto the sofa beside Mami and accept a cup from Oriko.

"The, ah, formerly Shiogama girls will be here shortly," Oriko adds as she takes a delicate sip. "I've been keeping an eye on the Soul Gems the Soujus stole... speaking of which, I take it that that's them?"

She glances meaningfully at the pair of Soul Gems now hovering in the air in front of you.

You can't help but look at the Soujus yourself. Disembodied Soul Gems. You sort of wonder what existing like that is like, you have to admit, but they've been obedient so far - you haven't sensed anything more from them than the constant connection between their Soul Gems, and then occasional curious tendril of magic examining their surroundings, you haven't noticed them *doing* anything.

"Yeah," you say. "They're... part of what I want to talk to everyone about, actually. But let's... wait for everyone to arrive?"

"Of course," Oriko says with a measured nod. "We have some cookies, and I would offer you something more homemade, but alas, my latest efforts at baking have been somewhat lackluster."

"Don't listen to her, Oriko's cakes are amazing!" Kirika says. "Of course they are, *Oriko* baked them with love- actually, wait, no, they're all terrible and we're keeping them all to ourselves."

You stifle your giggle even as Oriko smiles fondly.

"Oh, you bake, Miss Mikuni?" Mami asks, selecting a cookie from the tin - one of the fancy, store-bought assortments.

"I would not even consider myself an amateur yet, but yes, I do," Oriko says.

"Ah, perhaps we could discuss it more sometime, then," Mami says.

"Mami's a *really* good baker," you add happily.

You settle in for the moment, Mami nestling into your side while offering some simple baking tips while you wait. The living room looks different from when you were last here - the sofas pushed in closer to each other, haphazard and cramped, but more welcoming in some way you can't define. The cushions have been swapped out too, austere beige replaced with a mishmash of bright colours, and one of them embroidered with a clumsy 'O\&K' bordered in a heart. Kirika's doing, if you had to guess.

A place *lived* in, all things considered.

Still, you don't have all that long to consider the matter. Noriko and Akemi are the first of your friends to arrive, both of them slightly bedraggled with the rain and cradling their precious cargo: three cases of polished wood, each just a little smaller than a briefcase.

And in those cases, a total of seventeen Soul Gems. Each one silent, with just the barest flickers of magic to show signs of life. The Souju's stasis trick, undoubtedly - and equally undoubtedly, the Soujus themselves have noticed their arrival, if the flicker of magic from their Gems is any indication. Still, they don't say anything.

You stand to meet them, even as Kirika hurries off to collect towels for them at Oriko's suggestion.

"Thank you," you say sincerely, receiving the cases with infinite care. Seventeen Soul Gems, each and every one stolen by the Soujus.

Your responsibility, now.

"It was hardly a bother," Akemi says, the dark pink of her eyes steady and unwavering. "And for a matter like this, we're glad to help."

"You'll... you'll be helping them, right?" Noriko says, frowning slightly - one frown, spread across two faces.

"Yeah, I'm actually about to... call a quick meeting of sorts with the Constellation, if you want to listen in?" you say.

They exchange a quick look, then Noriko turns back to you, nodding.

"It's not as if we have much on our plates at the moment," she says. "We'd be glad to, if, ah, Miss Mikuni would be willing to let us stay?"

"Of course," Oriko says, nodding regally. "Please, take a seat. Let me pour you some tea."

You sit back onto the sofa as Oriko fusses about getting them settled, letting the wooden cases hover beside you with their precious cargo. It's going to be a lot of work, getting them back on their feet, and you might have some idea of where to start, but it's not going to be easy - starting with getting the problem of getting them back on their feet. *Their* feet, specifically. You're sure that there must be some way to recreate said bodies, even if the originals are long gone, but the specifics are a little fuzzy.

Something to ponder and discuss, you suppose.

Sayaka, Kyouko, and Yuma are the last to arrive, and you're the one to meet them at the door with towels this time, though it turns out that neither Kyouko nor Yuma needs one - just Sayaka, who looks rather grumpy as she grabs a towel from you.

"Didn't realize how much it helped, having you keep the rain off us," she grumbles as she scours herself dry.

"'s not a hard trick to pick up yourself, you just gotta do it," Kyouko notes, snacking on an apple.

"Yuma took two days to learn it!" Yuma says brightly. "But it was raining for the whole week, so I had a lot of motivation..."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes and holding the towel out. "Thanks."

You give her a considering look as you take the towel back and lead them into the living room. She looks better - steadier, and more settled, though it seems she can't help the annoyance that flashes across her face when she spots Oriko. She manages a curt nod, reluctantly accepting the cup of tea Oriko offers her.

She seems to be doing better, after that initial shock. But you're still going to talk to her later.

For now, you have a meeting to chair.

---

- [ ] Vote in abeyance
- [ ] Refine your approach?
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)
- [x] Talk to Sayaka before leaving
- [x] Oriko wanted to talk to you

---

Alrighty. Breaking the update here, since this would otherwise be a huge post, and I don't want to delay it again. Gonna try and keep things rolling - switching up my writing schedule a bit!
