# Hazard Course Pt. 26

"*Well,*" Mika says drily. "*I know quite a few legal scholars who would love to debate the point.*"

"*Do you actually?*" you ask, raising an eyebrow. "*Because I... well, I've got *some* ideas, but nothing set in stone. I'm entirely open to suggestions here, and I don't mean just from hypothetical legal scholars, I mean from everyone here as well, or your teams, if anyone might be interested in weighing in? We're *Constellation*, not just The Sabrina Show.*"

"*Afraid not,*" Mika says. "*I could ask the lawyers I know?*"

"*I... might,*" Oriko says hesitantly, shifting uncomfortably on her sofa. Kirika makes a discontented noise, cracking open a single citrine eye to give you a *look*. Oriko smiles, and strokes her hair gently. "*Some of my father's acquaintances... might be amenable to the topic.*"

"*Hm,*" you say, tilting your head in consideration. "*I might take you both up on those offers, honestly. The decision lies with us, I think, but more perspectives can only help.*"

You grimace, and take a sip of tea as you continue.

"*I mean, I've got a good amount of theory and ideas in my head, but as I said - *perspective*,*" you say. "*Though to you both, I've got a question: are they likely to actually take us seriously?*"

"*For a fee, I'm sure,*" Mika offers drily. "*Though it does occur to me that this might be a question better posed to university academics than practicing lawyers, and I'm certain that *they* would happily talk your ear off. Certainly it would be a plausible project for middle school.*"

"*As for my father's acquaintances, I am... less certain,*" Oriko says, frowning at the wall in distant thought. "*I do know some of them personally, but I fear that given... everything that has happened since, my making introductions would be detrimental. I could direct you to them, but you would have to convince them yourselves.*"

"*... alright,*" you say, giving Oriko a concerned look. "*I'll keep both options in mind, then, thank you.*"

Oriko meets your eyes without flinching, raising her chin slightly, undaunted. A painful subject, yes, but one that she brought up herself and one that she faced willingly, you suppose. You can respect that.

Also, you are *not* going to question that comment about 'plausible project for middle school'. Admittedly, on second thoughts, building an entire legal system and-or constitution *does* seem like something Mitakihara Middle School would assign for a final year project or something of the sort. Civics are rather important, after all.

"*I have a slight concern to raise here,*" Yuki says. "*More of a clarification than a concern, I suppose.*"

"*Sure?*" you say.

"*Consulting with external parties and so forth are somewhat longer term prospects,*" she says. "*Will I be holding the Soujus in the *short* term, then?*"

"*I... hm, maybe,*" you say. "*But let's discuss that in specific now, if everyone's amenable?*"

"*Isn't that why we started this whole conversation?*" Kazumi asks cheerfully.

Mika chuckles. You watch her portrait bobble in the air with the laughter -well, you're the one *making* it bobble, but the effect is quite appropriate, if you do say so yourself- and you can't help but smile yourself.

"*Maybe, but the tangent was important,*" she says. "*Sometimes I feel like we should be keeping minutes, because one day we're going to want to write what we've done into the history books.*"

"*A fair point,*" Yuki says. "*I'll see about it the next meeting we have, then.*"

"Christ," Kyouko mutters out loud, rolling her eyes. *That* earns her a reproving look from Mami, and she sinks lower into the sofa, making a vague grumbling noise as Yuma pats her knee.

"*... well, minutes or the lack thereof aside...*" you say. "*I was thinking we could have the Soujus *directly* make amends and assist the people they've hurt? Not as a punishment per se, but trying to balance the scales and make right what they did wrong.*"

"*Like community service?*" Kazumi asks.

"*Same idea, yeah,*" you say.

"*Is that really practical?*" Oriko asks, tilting her head. "*Given what we know of them, they seem... less than understanding of what they would need to *do* to make amends. That is to say, we might be able to convince them to participate in such an endeavour, but they would essentially have to be given a script, or otherwise handheld through the process.*"

"*My read of them's pretty much the same, so yeah, you're right,*" you agree. "*But I have two points there - first, it won't be anything like immediate. Neither their power nor temperament actually work well for re-embodying people, so we'd have to get that sorted out first. There's... time to work on them.*"

Out of the corner of your eye, you see Noriko and Akemi exchanging a look. Further movement is Kyouko slouching further into her sofa even as she stuffs another cookie into her mouth, staring at the ceiling with a pensive look on her face.

"*Which brings us back to the question of who might be able and willing to work with them,*" Mika says.

"*Yeah,*" you say. "*I suppose, more broadly, I'm arguing for rehabilitative justice. I've already been mostly doing that, considering the, ah, significant level of amnesty I've offered basically everyone I can trust would stop hurting others. Especially given, y'know, Clear Seeds mean that pressure is just completely gone.*"

"*Er... sorry if everyone else already knows, but what's rehabilitative justice?*" Kazumi asks.

"*The idea is to make right the wrongs,*" you say. "*Not just between the perpetrator and the victim, but also between the perpetrator and whatever *resulted* in the crime. As an example - if someone's stealing baby formula from a shop, well... look, if they're desperate enough to do that, there's probably no point in trying to force them to pay back the money. So a better question is why are they even that desperate, anyway?*"

"*Oh,*" Kazumi says. "*Yeah, I see what you mean.*"

"*A lack of a sufficient support base, socialized or not, is a significant predictor,*" Mika says. "*I'm broadly in agreement with the concept of rehabilitative justice -isn't it also known as restorative justice?- but it's a lot of work, isn't it? That said, conveniently enough, Clear Seeds would constitute an enormous safety net that will go a long way towards mitigating reasons to fight.*"

"*Exactly so, on both points.*" you say, nodding. "*Rehabilitative justice isn't *easy*. Per the lawyer in my brain, the main problem with actually implementing it in the real world is that it's a lot of *work*. Other than broad, societal support like what I'm hoping to accomplish, essentially every case needs personal consideration and handling.*"

"*Much like we're discussing the matter of the Soujus?*" Yuki asks, sounding amused. "*I admit, I can see the caveat.*"

You flick a look at the pair of Soul Gems floating in the air before you. Crimson fire and glittering ice, red and white and the cause of all this trouble. And yet: perfectly well-behaved, keeping their magic reined in and simply awaiting your attention.

"*I would say it's worth the effort,*" Mami says, squeezing your shoulders gently with that arm around you. "*We are, after all, fighting for a kinder world, are we not?*"

"*Oh, I entirely agree, Miss Tomoe,*" Yuki says. "*But the effort required to attain it isn't something lightly dismissed, either.*"

"*Well... I'm not exactly advocating to overthrow the worlds' governments here and take over all their justice systems,*" you note, giving Mami a quick, grateful smile. "*Our remit is pretty limited - there aren't that many magical girls, and even fewer magical girl *criminals*, you know? I think we can afford the time, even when we scale globally.*"

"*We'll find more people who can join us,*" Sayaka says, raising a clenched fist. "*We can't be the only ones who believe in a better world. And after we have the weight of numbers, *then* we strike and take over as the world government.*"

Mami blinks even as a wave of laughter flows through the telepathic link.

"*Ah... does anyone know of any information brokers? Miss Bennouna already passed through Mitakihara, unfortunately,*" she asks.

"*None recent,*" Mika says, and snorts, her mental voice taking on an amused lilt. "*I get most of my magical girl news from Miss Inoue, actually. I could get in touch with her, maybe?*"

"*I do know of two others,*" Yuki offers. "*But neither are nearby. Is there any reason we cannot discuss matters with them via telepathy, as we are right now?*"

"*To ask for information or a discussion, certainly, but for an introduction, I do feel face-to-face is always better,*" Mami says. She smiles at you, mischief dancing in her eyes. "*And Sabrina's unique blend of charisma does work better in person, I feel.*"

... excuse you?

"*True enough,*" Yuki agrees. "*Unfortunately, none of the girls I'm aware of are nearby. Miss Kazusa?*"

"*I told you, call me Kazumi!*" Kazumi insists. "*But no, 'fraid not. Sorry.*"

"*A shame,*" Yuki says. "*Was there something specific you wanted to ask beyond simply meeting new magical girls, Miss Tomoe?*"

"*Yes, actually, though it's not some grand masterstroke or any such,*" Mami says. "*I was simply working from Sayaka's point that we will be recruiting others in the future, and wondering whether there might be any magical girls who might have relevant magic or education that we could recruit *now* to help with our task.*"

"*Ah, that does seem sensible, yes, but... none come to mind for myself, I'm afraid,*" Yuki says.

"*Nor from me,*" Mika says.

"*Nuh-uh!*" Kazumi adds. "*... wait, hang on, yuh-huh!*"

"*... please do go on?*" Yuki says after a moment.

"*Umika can do magic contracts! Uh, not *magical girl* contracts like Kyuubey, just... legal thingies, kind of,*" Kazumi says. "*Well, mostly it was Niko pushing her to try it, but they never got that far with it. Just kind of tazed you if you broke the contract.*"

"*... that does sound kind of useful if she can push it further?*" you say. "*I'm not sure we'd necessarily use it for justice, but maybe when negotiating with other magical girls. But anyway. We've gone a bit far afield from the topic.*"

"*Um...*" Noriko says. "*On the topic of the Soujus, Akemi and I have a proposal?*"

"*Go on?*" you say, smiling encouragingly at them.

"*... we could take them?*" she says hesitantly. "*They're... mostly well-behaved, right?*"

You blink, and she hurries to explain, waving her hands frantically enough to set her bob of brown hair fluttering.

"*Don't get me wrong, I don't think we're uniquely qualified to help them or anything,*" she says. "*But we're willing to try? And we have the room and free time to try, and since we're here in Mitakihara you'd be within reach if we need help?*"

---

- [ ] Try and nail down a conclusion about Constellation's goals with regards to justice
- [ ] Let Noriko and Akemi take in the Soujus
- [ ] Ask Kazumi if she's willing to take in the Soujus
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Alright! Apologies for the delay, but hey, at least my sleep issues seem somewhat fixed now? We'll see.
