# Hazard Course Pt. 29

Spoiler: Winning vote

- [x]- Talk to Sayaka
- [x] The lich thing just got shoved in her face, and we've seen a version of her that self-destructed over that.
- [x] She went into this with her eyes opened about that this time, but we want to make sure she's actually okay.
- [x] Don't babble or assume. Listen and hear out her feelings.
- [x] Oriko wanted to talk to you
- [x] Drop off the Soujus with Shiogama
- [x] Fly their collection to Niko
- [x] Grab Yuki and fly her back to Mitakihara so she can work on getting a building while you find a bunch of hotel rooms

Yeah, now *is* the best time. The argument could be made that you want to give Sayaka a bit more time to gather herself, but she's had a good while now, and... she *looks* OK, leaning back into the sofa and ruffling Yuma's hair. Kyouko flicks you a glance, her expression unreadable.

*And* you want to talk to Oriko as well before heading off to meet Yuki. She asked, and you don't want to leave it to fester, especially not when you suspect you know what it's about.

"Alright," you say, setting down your teacup with a decisive click. A flick of your hand dismisses the floating portraits, since the call's over. "OK, so! Uh. First of all, I'm going to hand off the Soujus to you, Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito?" You wait for them to nod before continuing. "Then... Sayaka, could I have a word with you, then Oriko? Then Mami and I'll head out to Asunaro... actually, Sayaka, do you want to come with us? It's up to you."

"Uhh." Sayaka scratches her head. "Let me think 'bout it."

"I'm comin'," Kyouko grunts.

"You- uh? To Asunaro?" You blink at Kyouko.

"Yep," Kyouko says, her expression inscrutable. "Yuma too, o' course."

"Uhm." You exchange a look with Mami, who shrugs in turn. "Sure? I can bring you along, no prob."

Kyouko nods, and subsides back onto the sofa, but not before collecting another small stack of biscuits from the coffee table to share with Yuma. And now you're mildly confused, because inscrutable is *exactly* the word here - there's not much you can think of in Asunaro that Kyouko might be interested in.

"... right, well, uh... OK. I'll talk to the Soujus first and let them know what's up," you say, reaching out with both your mind and your hand for the two Soul Gems, still held gently in the grip of your Grief. "*Miss Souju, Miss Souju?*"

"*Yes!( Our angel!)*" they exclaim immediately, their mental voices eager and adoring. "*Your conversation was beautiful!*"

Dread curdles in your stomach.

"*Wait, you were listening?*" you say sharply.

"*We weren't! We wouldn't!( No no no no! Please don't take offense!)*" they protest. " Just...( We could see!) "

They can *see*?

"*... wait. You mean you can see telepathy?*" you ask. "*As in, from the outside?*"

"*We can!( You're not angry?)*" they say.

Huh. It makes sense, you suppose, given that they have some sort of Soul- and magic- sense. Quite possibly sense*s* plural, come to that. And seeing telepathy isn't a terribly big stretch, and now you're vaguely wondering whether they might *also* be able to help you figure out non-Incubator telepathy. Admittedly, you aren't too short on options for that, between Mami's connection magic, Niko's general mad-sciency-ness and heck, even Noriko herselves might be an option.

"*No, I'm not angry, just surprised,*" you say slowly, relaxing. "*It's not a common skill.*"

"*Oh,( Oh.)*" they say.

"*Anyway,*" you say, and you link Noriko and Akemi into the telepathic conversation. "*Miss Souju, Miss Souju, these are Watanabe Noriko and Saito Akemi. They're friends of mine. Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito, these are Souju Ayase and Luca.*"

Noriko and Akemi both sit up, attention focused on the Soujus' Soul Gem. First impressions are important.

"*Very nice to meet you( Uh...) !*" the Soujus say.

"*A pleasure, Miss Souju, Miss Souju,*" Saito says.

"*Unfortunately, I'm very busy, so I can't continually bring you around with me,*" you say. "*But Miss Watanabe and Miss Saito have volunteered to take you in their care - would you be alright with that?*"

"*Um...*"

You tilt your head, eyeing the two Soul Gems. You were expecting either agreement, out of respect for your alleged angel-ness, or immediate disagreement, out of being separated from you, or some such. The vacillation comes as a surpris-

Hang on.

"*... the extra body is Miss Watanabe's, and nothing to do with you at all?*" you venture.

"*... if you're sure( as our angel says) ,*" the Soujus say dubiously. "*Ah, not that we mean to doubt your judgement! It's just... **it's*awful( ugly, filthy bodies) *, surely they could simply get rid of at least one?*"

"*That's not your decision to make,*" you say, restraining yourself to a measured, gentle tone. "*And remember, with me around, the tarnishing of their Soul Gems isn't a problem.*"

"*Oh. Yes! Our apologies( We shouldn't doubt the angel) !*" the Soujus say, and turn their attention to Noriko and Akemi. "*Then we'll be in your care, Miss Watanabe, Miss Akemi.*"

Akemi nods firmly.

"*We'll do our best,*" she says, half to the Soujus, and half to you as she reaches out for their Soul Gems. You pass them over to her, floating them over gently, and Akemi takes them in either hand, giving them a slightly uneasy look.

"*They gain power by being linked together,*" you murmur to Noriko and Akemi alone. "*If they make trouble for you, don't hesitate to call for me, and meanwhile, try to get them apart, alright? Oh, and uh... Kirika has some antimagic enchantments prepped. Grab them from her before you leave?*"

"*Thank you, and will do,*" Akemi says, nodding again. "*We'll be sure to ask for help if we need it.*"

"Alright!" you say, smiling and standing, Mami releasing your hand. "Right. OK. Sayaka, could I have a word, uh..."

"The study upstairs would afford you some privacy," Oriko offers with a faint smile. "Third door on the left, up the stairs."

"... that works," you say. "Thanks, Oriko."

Sayaka hops to her feet, offering a grin that's perhaps a little less exuberant than it usually is. But there's still a spring in her step as you head up the stairs, both of you taking them at an easy two-at-a-time and meandering along the carpeted staircase landing, lit by lamps artfully tucked away along ornamental cornices.

"Man, this place is *fancy*," Sayaka says with a snort.

"Ayep," you say, locating the right door and pulling it open. "C'mon."

"Yeah, yeah," Sayaka says as you step into the study. Her expression tightens a little. "Is this about the whole... *thing* with the Soujus?"

You bite back the urge to apologize. You could have done *more* to prepare Sayaka for what awaited her as a magical girl. And she's been utterly invaluable standing alongside you as a friend, but you can't help but wonder whether you should have done more to dissuade her from this life.

And sometimes, you wonder if you're too hard on yourself, or at least, you're applying far higher standards to yourself than anyone else. You'd... probably forgive Sayaka for making the mistakes you did, or Mami, or Homura. You *should* know better, dammit. You have to do better. You could... *maybe* give yourself a little more leeway, but you *have* to try.

"... well, yeah, it is," you say, rubbing your nose as you look around the study. This *isn't* Hisaomi's study, that's a different room, and... come to that, this might be *Oriko's*. But if it is, it's utterly devoid of personality - nothing that's particularly *her*, just a richly appointed room. "How're you feeling?"

"Question of the hour, innit," Sayaka says, blowing out a breath that puffs her cheeks out. "I... I dunno."

"Do you want to talk about it?" you ask gently.

"Already talked to Kyouko about it," she says. "But I suppose it couldn't hurt?"

You give her an encouraging smile, and her returning smile is... not exactly brittle, not exactly as exuberant as it usually is, not as cocky as she usually is. But it's *real*, you think, not some faked smile to try and reassure you. Which is a relief, if nothing else.

"I just..." Sayaka laughs shakily, her gaze drifting from you and out of the window, staring blindly at rain-shrouded Mitakihara. "I mean, I *knew*. You *told* me about this sort of thing. It's just... I still... it didn't even actually *stop* them, and they're fine now, so-"

"Sayaka," you say gently, crossing the room in a few quick steps to stand beside her. "You don't need to justify your reaction. Especially when the whole thing got... shoved in your face like that. So you don't need to justify it, not to me, not to anyone else. If it freaks you out, then it freaks you out, and frankly that's a more normal reaction than mine."

"But you-" Sayaka shakes her head. "You're dealing with it just fine. *Yuma's* dealing with it just fine."

"Yuma got there late, and I'm pretty sure Kyouko shielded her from the worst of it," you say. "And me, I'm abnormal, and-"

"Oh, *that* I knew," Sayaka interjects with a smirk.

"-*and* I always knew what it would be like," you say, ignoring the interruption. Then again, you're glad she still feels comfortable enough to joke. "Even before I became a magical girl, I knew, bone-deep, *soul*-deep, what the worst of it could be. So I was prepared, and you... weren't. There's *zero* shame in that, Sayaka."

"I know, I just..." Sayaka sighs, fisting a hand in her hair. "I *know* it's not logical, but... it just *sticks* with me. Not just... not just what *happened*, but how everyone just *dealt* with it."

"We *really* need to get a therapist read in on all this," you say with a sigh. "Also, I'm going to hug you now."

That earns you a snicker from Sayaka, but she *does* step willingly into the hug as you wrap your arms around her, squeezing gently.

"I don't know," she says eventually as some of the tension ebbs. "I doubt the therapist would give any hugs, though, so how good could they be?" Her expression sobers. "I dunno if there's... I just need to process, I think."

Huh. Now there's an idea.

"... do you want to, uh. Take time off?" you ask, easing back from the hug to look at Sayaka. "I mean, we'll miss you, but if you need time to process, you *can* have that time."

"I..." Sayaka blinks. "That's an option?"

"We'll absolutely miss having you around," you say. "You've been a damn cornerstone. But we *will* manage without you if you need the time. We're not really expecting any big fights or anything, I think, and... well, we're not hurting for cleansing or anything, you know?"

"I'll think about it," Sayaka says slowly, and smiles. "We can bring it up next Constellation meeting, maybe. Leave days."

You grin.

"Unlimited leave days or bust," you say.

"Unlimited leave days!" Sayaka agrees, raising a clenched fist, before her smile fades again. Her eyes go back to the window. "... you know. I understand now why you and Homura really want to keep Madoka away from this life. I mean, I understood before, and I was kind of mostly on board, but now I *get* it. I get why you'd want to prevent *anyone* from joining us, but... I get it."

"Yeah," you agree, joining her in staring out at Mitakihara, drenched still in the rain. You look east - east towards the city center, east towards Mitakihara Middle School. "... keep it in mind, though. Anytime you need or *want* a break, take it. Let someone know, and we'll figure things out."

"... I will," Sayaka says, taking a breath and smiling. "Yeah. I... actually, the trip to Asunaro. It's just a dropoff, right? So you won't need me for that, yeah?"

"Oh, huh," you say, blinking. "That's a great point, actually. Yeah, it's just a dropoff, probably talking shop with Miss Kanna? I doubt recreating their bodies is gonna actually happen today, so *absolutely* feel free to sit it out and focus on your classes or something."

"OK, then yeah," Sayaka says, nodding slowly, then one more time, more firmly than before. "I'll sit this one out, and... probably dispel this clone before we leave here, and you can hang on to the power jewels for me?"

"Yeah, of course," you say. "You can also go for a hop around Mitakihara if you want to clear your head, it's your call."

"Honestly, I could do with some normal," Sayaka says, shaking her head. "But thanks."

"Your call," you say. "Alrighty, if that's settled... right. Oriko wanted to have a word with me."

Sayaka's expression flickers to something distinctly sour for a second, before turning into a faint smirk.

"Want me to send her up?" she asks. "Save you a trip."

"... I mean, it's her house," you say. "That hardly seems polite."

"That's the point," Sayaka says, already heading for the door with a swirl of her cape and an easy wave over her shoulder. "You sit tight."

You sigh, and settle in to wait, leaning against the table. You've got to pick your battles, you suppose, and letting Sayaka have a little fun seems relatively harmless, in the grand scheme of things, and might lift her mood a little. Oriko will understand, you hope. You stare out the window, fidgeting as you wait, and before long, you sense two Soul Gems approaching... and continuing up past the study to two rooms over before returning.

"Sabrina," Oriko says by way of greeting as she pulls the door open. She has an envelope tucked under one arm, you notice - presumably what they went to retrieve.

"Hey hey, Sabrina," Kirika says cheerfully, raising her hand in greeting - the other wrapped securely around Oriko's waist, of course, the two of them latched together. "Gave the not-twins the antimagic enchants, by the way."

You proceed to watch in some bemusement as they fail to actually *enter* the room, Kirika entirely unwilling to release Oriko from her hold. After a moment, Oriko turns sideways so she can tug Kirika into the room after her without separating from the other girl.

"Hey," you say, smiling and straightening off the table. "You two doing alright?"

"We are," Oriko says. "Did you really send Miss Miki to fetch me?"

"She insisted," you say with a sigh. "Sorry about that."

"I took no offense," Oriko says with a faint smile.

"Thanks," you say. "So... you wanted to talk to me?"

"I did," Oriko says. She holds the envelope out to you, and waits for you to take it before adding, "My will. Witnessed and signed, with a copy deposited with my lawyer."

You nearly fumble it, staring at her in shock.

"I've named you as the primary beneficiary," Oriko says with a serene smile. "*However*, I have decided that I would *really* prefer that it need not be read."

"Me too!" Kirika adds brightly. "I like being alive."

"I..." you rub your forehead, trying to stave off the headache that you cannot possibly have. "Alright, I... alright. Oriko, did you *really* have to- no, I forgot who I'm talking to. Fine." You take a deep breath, and let it out. "This is about your prophecy of your own death, right?"

"It is," Oriko says, smile fading a little. "I thought it prudent to make preparations." She purses her lips. "I... had thought that I would be content with living out my last days in peace with Kirika, truth be told. But I've since changed my mind - I would rather *live*."

She exchanges a long, warm look with Kirika, one that you feel vaguely uncomfortable witnessing, but that does little to smother the odd squirm of betrayal and hurt.

"You still thought you were going to die?" you ask. You thought you'd nixed that attitude.

"I thought I had made my peace with it, and should it have come to pass, I would have accepted it," Oriko corrects. "The distinction is fairly narrow, I will concede, but it's an important one to me. That said, it *is* a moot point, as I've now decided that I *would* very much prefer to continue living with Kirika."

"... I'll take it," you say, finally tearing your eyes away from the duo to frown at the envelope you're holding, pinched between two fingers. With a sigh, you wrap it up in Grief and rotate it away into hammerspace, storing it for later. "For what it's worth, I *also* prefer you two continue living happily."

Oriko smiles.

"Thank you," she says.

---

- [ ] Try and figure out more details
- [ ] Write-in approach (word count limit: 150 words)
- [x] Drop off the Soujus with Shiogama
- [x] Fly their collection to Niko
- [x] Grab Yuki and fly her back to Mitakihara so she can work on getting a building while you find a bunch of hotel rooms

---

Alright, this section turned out longer than I expected, so I'm breaking it here. Sabrina'll explore the topic on her own the next update, then continue on, but if you want to poke at anything in particular, go ahead and write it in.

A brief reminder of Oriko's prophecy of her own death: while she had her precog, she just stopped being able to see herself in her visions past a certain point; that point being the following Tuesday in quest, five days before Walpurgisnacht. And it's also typically associated with black feathers.
