# Hazard Course pt. 30

Spoiler: Winning vote

- [x] Maybe you should come with, since my presence wards off Feathers.
- [x] Your vision said you die when I'm out of town, and I'm leaving now to drop off the Soul Gems in Asunaro
- [x] While we're in Asunaro, we can see if Umika can use her powers to recover more clues from the visions you can't remember.
- [x] On the way we can talk over other clues and avenues of investigation.
- [x] Sayaka already put in for vacation time, so you won't be sharing an awkward ride
- [x] Fly the Souju's collection to Niko
- [x] Grab Yuki and fly her back to Mitakihara so she can work on getting a building while you find a bunch of hotel rooms

"You're very welcome," you tell Oriko, but even as you speak, you're distracted by memories and thoughts bubbling up to the fore. You turn away from them, scowling out the window as you think. It only takes a few seconds for the logic to align, a plan coalescing. "I..."

"Yes, Sabrina?" Oriko asks.

"If I recall correctly, your prophecy is not that you would be killed *on* the twenty-sixth," you say slowly, taking the time to assemble your thoughts before you speak. You have to convince Oriko, *and* you have to convince Homura and Sayaka. "Rather, it is that it is the *last* day you see yourself alive - and that under other circumstances, you might even die *before* that. Is that correct?"

"I believe so," Oriko allows. "There were... a variety of instances where my existence would be ended, but it's difficult to put details to them, especially now - with the... changing of my power, the visions I had also slipped from my grasp. I suppose it's terribly symbolic and thematically appropriate, but in this case, it seems a touch inconvenient."

"'Inconvenient', she says," you grumble, turning around so that she can *see* you rolling your eyes. "Well. I believe you told me, explicitly, that it never happens when I'm around. Do you remember that?"

"I do," Oriko says.

"Well, we happen to be eight days out from the very literal deadline here," you say. "And here I am, planning a trip out of the city."

Oriko blinks.

"I... take your point, but... do not think it has ever happened this early in my visions?" she says, sounding uncertain. She chuckles softly. "I appreciate the care, but I don't think it's necessary in this particular instance."

"Oh," you say, deflating and slumping against the wall. "Well. Then. I also *did*... OK, look, I had a plan and all, with more than one reason for it. Said plan is that you should accompany us to Asunaro, during which we'll discuss further contingencies and avenues of investigation."

Oriko gives you a curious look even as she accedes to Kirika's gentle urging over to lean against the table.

"There's stuff that I *do* actually want to talk to you about, which can happen along the way." One finger, then another. "Second, I want to see if Umika can use her powers to recover more clues from the visions that you can't remember - her magic is *weird* and I suspect it could work." A third finger. "Sayaka's already put in for vacation time, so *that* bit of awkwardness is out. And last but certainly not least, you two could do with some fresh air."

"We had a shopping date yesterday!" Kirika says brightly. "It was so romantic!"

"It was just groceries, Kirika," Oriko says, smiling fondly at her. "And some clothes."

"It was with *you*, so it was romantic," Kirika says with a firm nod, her free hand running through Oriko's hair.

"Oh, nice! And yeah, shopping is shopping, but you get what I mean," you say. You do remember now - they'd secured permission after the whole Iowa incident. "So yeah. It's your choice, Oriko. Even if there's no pressing need to... I dunno, *defend* you at the moment, I think it'd be good to see if Umika can figure out anything? Information is the key here, if you ask me."

"I would not be opposed to a trip out," Oriko concedes. "But I suggest that you clear it with Akemi and Miss Miki first."

"Yeah, I was going to," you say. "But I wanted to get your opinion on it first, since the entire thing is moot if you didn't want to."

Oriko chuckles.

"You have it," she says. "And... I appreciate it, Sabrina."

"'course," you say. "You're my friends now, yeah?"

"Yeah!" Kirika says, half a beat behind Oriko's stately nod.

"Great," you say. "I'll check in with Homura and Sayaka, then."

"And I believe we shall do the dishes before we leave," Oriko says, pushing off the table with a smile. "Thank you."

"No, *no* thank you," Kirika says, pouting. "No dishes."

You snicker, waving them off and watching thoughtfully as Oriko leaves with, dare you say it, a spring in her step. You flick your attention back to the window, thoughtful as you stare out at the rain. Seems like it's finally starting to let up, that last drenching the last gasp of the stormclouds as the constant downpour starts to clear, the skyscrapers of central Mitakihara now properly visible. Hopefully you'll get some sun on the flight out to Fukushima.

But before you can get to that, you've got things to sort out.

"*Hey, Homura, Sayaka? Do you have a moment to talk?*" You reach out with telepathy once more. "*Nothing's wrong, just wanted to discuss something real quick.*"

"*Yes, Sabrina?*" Despite your reassurance, Homura's response is all but instant, toneless but not unemotional, a faint flicker of concern lurking about the edges.

"*Would it be alright if I brought Oriko and Kirika over to Asunaro?*" you ask, casting your gaze out across the skyline of Mitakihara once more. You can't actually see Mitakihara Middle School from here -wrong angle entirely- but you can imagine them right now, Homura with perfect posture and apparently paying full attention to their classes. Sayaka, perhaps, looking distracted while you drop another big question on her lap. "*They'll be under my eye the whole time, and I want Miss Misaki to examine Oriko.*"

"*... what for?*" Sayaka asks. She doesn't sound *angry* about it, just mildly confused, which is a relief, and Homura's silence has a certain texture of cautious curiosity to it, which you'll take as seconding that question.

"*After her... change of heart, her power *also* shifted,*" you say. "*It also blurred her memories of the things that she actually foresaw at the time, and I want to see if Miss Misaki can dredge up those memories. In particular, she predicted her own death in about a week to something that she couldn't properly place, and I really, *really* want to know more about that.*"

"*And if she was lying about it?*" Sayaka adds darkly. "*Getting your pity and all.*"

"*All the more reason to confirm it with a third party,*" Homura murmurs. "*It's a good idea.*"

"*It would, yeah,*" you say cautiously. And you can't help but feel the urge to be honest here. "*It wasn't my first intention, but it *is* a good bonus. Though honestly, I don't think she's lying about it - *she* was the one to remind me today, and it just doesn't serve any purpose for her to set herself up for being called out on a lie.*"

"*Perhaps,*" Sayaka says grudgingly. "*Yeah, sounds like a plan. Get confirmation and whatever information she's got about that mysterious threat or whatever.*"

"*Agreed,*" Homura murmurs. "*Thank you for telling me. Us.*"

"*Of course,*" you say, smiling softly. "*I promised.*"

"*... you did,*" Homura says. "*Thank you.*"

"*Alright, well... see you, then,*" you say. "*I'll let you know how it goes.*"

"*See you,*" Homura murmurs.

You're smiling to yourself as you end that call, Sayaka chiming in with her own amused farewell as you find your mood lightening. You can't help but feel that Homura's mood has been improving, of late. Part of it has been that things are going better, and you'll take *some* credit for that, but it's also the fact that she's been willing to give you that bit of trust, even with how many times she's been burned.

That bit of hope is *everything*.

With a spring in your step, you head back downstairs, finding your smile stretching from ear to ear as you step back into the now-emptier living room and return the greetings - Sayaka's cheerful 'hello' is *especially* amused- and flopping back down next to Mami to give her a hug.

"*You're* in a good mood," she observes fondly.

"I am!" you say, looking around. Oriko and Kirika are nowhere to be seen, but you hear the sound of running water and clinking porcelain and the occasional giggle drifting from down the corridor, so it's no great feat of discussion to guess where they've gone. Noriko and Akemi are curled into their corner of the sofa still, heads bent over the Soujus' Soul Gems and apparently in conversation, though Noriko does nod at you in passing. And there's Kyouko and Yuma, still curled in their corner of the sofa as Kyouko glares at the ceiling and Sayaka-

"Sayaka decided to focus on class," Mami offers, pulling out a keychain full of small, multicoloured jewels. "She said she'd see us at lunch soon anyway. And that she was on leave?"

"Ah, yeah," you say. "And yeah. I mean, we don't need everyone on call at all times, so... vacation days!"

"Mm... you should take a vacation too," Mami says, her voice lightly amused, and holds the jewels out for you again.

"That *would* be nice," you say thoughtfully. You close Mami's fingers over the jewels, giving her a quick smile - she's as much Sayaka's friend as you are, and there's no reason at all she can't hold on to them for Sayaka. "But not today, I'm afraid. Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito? Is everything going well?"

"Ah, yes, we're just trying to talk to the Soujus a bit more, since we'll be living together," Noriko says, looking up. "It's... going."

"*We don't understand Miss Watanabe( Too many bodies!) !*" the Soujus pipe up - noticing your attention, you suppose. That cloying, fawning adoration drips still from their tone, but it's cut with confusion. "*But our angel has placed us in their care( she must know something we don't!) , so we are trying to understand her. And her Soul Gem shines bright( But not as bright as yours!) , so there must be something!*"

"*Yes, understanding her could be helpful,*" you say carefully. "*But I'm not leaving you purely in their care, and I will be coming by to find out how you're doing, OK?*"

"*Yes! We understand!*" the Soujus say. "*We will try!*"

"*That's all I can ask,*" you say gravely, and end the telepathy, trying to shake off the discomfort at the sheer religious *fervour* they have for you. Briefly, you consider asking about the whole 'angel' thing - an angel implies a greater power, which is entirely in line with your own speculations about your origins, but... nah. A touch is Mami's hand on yours, grounding you.

"Alright!" you say, decisively discarding that line of thought and sharing a grateful smile with Mami. "So, uh, Kyouko-"

"We're goin'," she grunts, faded crimson eyes meeting yours with a challenging glare.

"... sure, I wasn't gonna try to persuade you otherwise. Just wanted to check that there isn't anything els- no? Alright." You're not sure *why* Kyouko would want to go, especially if Sayaka isn't, but the glare she nails you with says that she's sure about it, and you have no reason to deny her. "Then we're just waiting for the Kures now, and we'll be ready to go, I figure?"

"No need to wait further," Oriko's voice declares, a few seconds ahead of Oriko herself stepping back in to the living room, wiping her hands on a small towel and Kirika bouncing along behind her with suspiciously dry hands and suspiciously damp shorts. "I apologise for the delay."

"Nah, perfect timing," you say, smiling. "I'd just finished up, and I got Homura and Sayaka's agreement."

"Road trip!" Kirika cheers.

"Road trip," you agree gravely. "Are you ready, then?"

Oriko hesitates, looking down at the sedate green dress she's wearing, Kirika's hand finding its way into hers a moment later. Oriko exhales, and smiles faintly at Kirika, then nods decisively at you.

"We're ready," she says.

"Then let's go!" you say. "Miss Watanabe, Miss Saito, would you like a lift home?"

Akemi looks up at you with a smile.

"Thank you, but no," she says. "We'll be walking home - it's always good to mingle with other people for a while. Besides, the rain has stopped, has it not?"

"Ah? Fair enough," you say, nodding. "Stay safe, then, and do call if you need anything."

"We will," she says, rising to her feet.

Before long, you're all headed outside, waiting patiently as Oriko locks up the doors - Noriko and Akemi have already left, a Souju to each of them. And from there, it's off to Fukushima, soaring into the clearing skies with the sun at your back and a brisk chill lingering, the world almost seeming to sparkle in the wake of the rainstorm. There's a crisp, ethereal feel to the air as you rise over the city on a vessel built of Grief, precious cargo of Soul Gems in their wooden box secured in a niche built to hold it.

"Rainbow!" Kirika calls cheerfully, pointing ahead from her position happily nestled on Oriko's lap.

"Yes, dear," Oriko says, arms around her waist. "I don't think anyone can miss it."

And indeed, the brilliant arc -nearly a circle- of a rainbow looms ahead, ephemeral but *real*, swathes of colour painted with a broad brush against the clearing skies and fleeing clouds. You share a smile with Mami as she leans into your side, content. And it's a school day she's skipping out on, because there was trouble and you called and she didn't hesitate, would *never* hesitate to come to your side.

Ah, well.

You set those worries aside, taking in the view, and of Japan unfurling beneath you in vast, sweeping swathes of fields and forests and roads and rivers and buildings, greens and browns and blues and greens and the looming hills and mountains of Japan's spine.

Even Kyouko can't seem to find it in herself to be grumpy about the view, it seems, the looming thundercloud of disgruntled discontent in the rearmost seats dissipating as you speed across the landscape, and Yuma's delighted laughter rings out as she hangs out of the window, savouring the rush of wind.

All too soon, though, you're descending towards Fukushima City, threading past Mount Shinobu as you head to Yuki's building. That old office building looks entirely unchanged from the last time you'd seen it: from the outside, abandoned and dilapidated and *unassuming*. Unassuming to anyone unable to sense magic, anyway. The perfect deception, one that sheds attention both official and unofficial from the fortress and *home* Yuki made of it for herself and her friends.

... you can't help but think of what she said earlier, that her powers work best with a building that could be a *home*. And while you're on the subject, you're reminded of her mindset, mercenary to a fault, and the fact that she cares so much about that shrine.

You set those thoughts aside, because speaking of Yuki, you spot her diminutive figure standing atop the rooftop, shrouded in her cloak of viridian green and head craned back as if weighed by the severe bun of her hair, tracking your descent to her.

"Good morning," she says, inclining her head as you glide in for a landing. Her eyes flick over the rest of your friends, taking them all in.

"Good morning!" you say. "How're you doing?"

"Quite well, thank you," Yuki says with a slight smile. "By the by, Miss Vee, I'd like to remind you that Miss Parr贸 wishes to speak to you - it slipped both our minds in the wake of our meeting earlier, but we might be best served with arranging for that upon your return trip from Asunaro?"

"... possibly, yeah," you say, frowning. It *had* slipped your mind, to be honest. And if the leader of the now-captured Iowa group wants to talk to you, you probably *should* talk to her, but... you're expected back home for lunch. You'll need to talk to Niko, about the bodies, to Oriko and Umika, about the visions, and possibly to Parr贸, about... whatever it is she wants to talk to you about.

You check your phone for the time.

Just about ten o'clock, so you've got two and a half hours.

---

- [x] Hand over the Soul Gems to Niko
  - [ ] Any particular questions/suggestions?
- [x] Ask Umika to help plumb Oriko's memories
  - [ ] Any particular questions/suggestions?
- [ ] Parr贸
  - [ ] Sure, you'll talk to her...
    - [ ] Now
    - [] Send your friends ahead with the Soul Gems
    - [ ] On the way back
  - [ ] No, not today
- [x] Grab Yuki and fly her back to Mitakihara so she can work on getting a building while you find a bunch of hotel rooms
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Sorry for the long wait for this update, life got in the way.

Now, for the vote itself: please note that talking to Parr贸 *will* take time away from other activities. Making it back to lunch on time *will* happen unless specifically voted against.
