# Hazard Course Pt. 31

Spoiler: Winning vote

- [x] Talk with Niko and Umika.
  - [x] I come bearing test subjects! Oriko here has a memory about her visions of death, and Umika has some memory powers? And we've got to rebody these girls. Niko, do you need any grief assistance?
  - [x] Parró
  - [x] Sure, you'll talk to her...
  - [x] No, not right now. Lunch we're going have a post Tokyo AAR, and discuss some things about constellation.
  - [x] Grab Yuki and fly her back to Mitakihara so she can work on getting a building while you find a bunch of hotel rooms

You frown at your phone for a second, pieces of your schedule shuffling around in your mind like bits of a jigsaw. You want to talk to Parró, of course, to satisfy your own curiosity, if nothing else. Then again, the problem is *time* - if you talk to her now, that's going to cut into the time you have to figure stuff out with Niko and Oriko.

... technically, you don't need to be there. You glance at Mami and Oriko and Kirika - your friends are more than capable of handling themselves, and both Niko and Umika are more than competent in their fields. So you *could* just send them on ahead, and then catch up after talking to Parró and then make it back for lunch. That would work nicely.

You have an agreement on the tip of your tongue before you catch yourself. Honestly, it'd be easier to do things the other way around. Head to Asunaro with everyone, and you're arranging for Yuki to go to Mitakihara afterwards to claim a building there, anyway - and then it's a quick Tsuruya Transport Teleport Trip™ to Fukushima to talk to Parró.

... and you'd told Homura and Sayaka that you'd keep an eye on Oriko and Kirika. Sure, Mami could do the job just as well, but... you'd told them *you* would do it. You're a little ashamed you'd thought of it last.

"I'll talk to her, yeah," you say slowly, trying to set that thought aside. "But not now - if I could prevail on you for a quick shortcut later, Miss Tsuruya? After you set up the link to Mitakihara, of course."

"Of course," Yuki echoes, and smiles faintly. "It's probably good practice to not jump the moment the leader of a hostile group says so, anyway."

"... maybe," you allow. You're not exactly comfortable with *that* line of thinking, but she's probably somewhat right. "Still no idea what she actually wants?"

"Unfortunately, she has been entirely unwilling to elaborate, or say much at all," Yuki says. She looks rather vexed at that, folding her arms under her cloak. "If I had to *guess*, she wants to take your measure, perhaps to see how viable it would be to make an escape attempt. She has certainly tried to size me up."

Kyouko snorts softly.

"I guess that's not terribly surprising," you say, shooting Kyouko a look which she ignores. "Still, that'll happen later. For now, to Asunaro?"

"Certainly," Yuki says, nodding. "Transiting now, everyone, please brace yourselves. And, ah, please do not mind the probable exuberance of our answering party in Asunaro. I have it handled."

... what does that *mean*? But you don't have time to demand answers, because Yuki only gives you a moment for that to sink in, a faint smirk playing about her lips, and then reality *te-*

\[/i]-ars\[/i].

You're abruptly elsewhere, the sun a jump to the right, clear blue skies replaced with murky, scudding clouds. Mount Shinobu is gone, the skyline swapped with another and the rumble of the city *different* in a way you'd never be able to put words to but undeniably distinct. Even the dirty concrete of the rooftop beneath your feet feels different, though that may be your imagination.

"Huh, you ca-" You turn to Yuki, and are forced to step back as a flare of magic heralds an *absolutely massive paw* reaching past you, the diminutive girl sidestepping smartly to avoid it.

Grief answers your call, blades crystallizing out of the air a split second before you recognise the paw -razor-sharp paws, fluffy brown fur, rough stitches up the side- and trace it back up to the heavy, sloped shoulders and flaming yellow eyes of a giant teddy bear that towers over all of you. Beside you, Mami relaxes slightly, musket dipping towards the rooftop, and behind you, you *sense* more than see Kirika holding her antimagic and claws ready. Neither do Kyouko nor Yuma lower their weapons.

"Not this time, Miss Wakaba," Yuki says, safely out of reach of the teddy bear.

"I'll get you one day! And I told you, call me Mirai." A roof hatch bangs open, a head of lavender floof poking up. "Oh, hey! Kazumi's sempai and her girlfriend! And friends!"

"Miss Wakaba and I have an ongoing feud," Yuki explains amiably. "She attempts to capture me with her bear sentinels, I avoid her. The score stands three to none at this current time."

"It's a *hug* not a *capture*, you're so small and cute and I want to give you a *hug*. You let *Kazumi* hug you," Mirai grumbles as she clambers out onto the roof, the ladder clanking beneath her feet. "Hey, everyone. Did I scare you?"

You exchange a look with Mami as she dismisses her musket and you banish the Grief back to hammerspace. She shrugs, hiding a smile as she flicks her eyes downwards, then back in the general direction of Mitakihara, then you - and you can't help but quirk a grin back at her. Kazumi's weird, yes, and so are her girlfriends. But then, *you're* weird, so who are you to judge?

... you will also concede that you have to fight down the impulse to, ahem, bear-hug Yuki sometimes. She *is* extremely tiny and adorable.

Mami stifles a giggle, linking her arm with yours.

"Good morning, Miss Wakaba," Mami says, turning slightly to gesture at Oriko and Kirika - the latter of which is only now dismissing her claws. "May I introduce Mikuni Oriko and Kure Kirika? They're friends of ours from Mitakihara. And not to forget Sakura Kyouko and Chitose Yuma. Everyone, this is Wakaba Mirai."

"Nice to meet you!" Mirai says.

Kyouko just nods, crimson eyes distant as she stares out at the skyline of Asunaro, glittering under the sun.

"A pleasure," Oriko says with a slight bow. "We were hoping to speak to Miss Umika? Sabrina believes that she may be able to help me with an... issue I've been having."

"Ah, good timing, Saki and Umika just got back from a grocery run," Mirai says. "Miss Sabrina, 'zumi said you're here for Niko, right?"

"Yeah," you say, floating the two cases of Soul Gems towards yourself. "Is she free?"

"She's excited is what she is," Mirai says, rolling her eyes fondly. "I'll bring you down to the basement in a moment... ah, Miss Sakura, did you need anything?"

"I'd like to talk to Miss Kazusa, if possible," Kyouko says. You can't help but blink in surprise at her tone - perfectly polite and formal despite the lollipop she has dangling from her mouth. And you *shouldn't* be that surprised, since she was a preacher's daughter, but it's not like she actually *talks* like that much.

"Ah? Actually, 'zumi should be here already," Mirai says. "Probably got held up with Kaoru. Anyway, let's all head down. Niko's in the basement labs waiting for you, Miss Sabrina."

She leads the way back down the ladder, and you all pile in after her, alternately clambering down or just leaping down to find yourself in what must be a staff corridor of Mirai's museum - clean and well lit, but stark and utilitarian and ~~bear~~ bare of decorations.

"By the by, Miss Tsuruya, I'm surprised that you could just switch us between rooftops," you note.

"I was too, I admit," Yuki says. "Ordinarily, I would require that we all be inside the building proper for a proper resonance, however, there seems to be a specific interaction between mine and Miss Wakaba-"

"Mirai!"

"-Miss Wakaba's magic," Yuki says, ignoring the interruption. "I gather that she Wished for this museum, and it would appear that that was sufficient to slightly confound my own magic? We are uncertain."

"... huh," you say, rubbing your chin. "I don't see *how*, but I can see the link, I guess."

"I certainly wouldn't complain about having more datapoints on this matter," Yuki says. "But Wishes for *buildings* are rare, for rather understandable reasons."

"I'll see what I can do," you say with a grin. "But no promises on *that* front."

Yuki chuckles, nodding amiably as you all follow Mirai down the winding, hidden passages of her museum. You vaguely wonder how it works, with the museum proper presumably open to the public. Are these doubly-secret passages, hidden from the staff corridors and purposed as living spaces for Mirai, Kazumi, and the rest of their group?

And almost as if summoned by your thoughts, Kazumi emerges from a side door, bouncing over to join your group.

"Hey hey!" she chirps. "Mami, Sabrina! Sorry I'm late, was busy. New people! Hi! I'm Kazumi."

You make the introductions, assuring her that her being late is no problem at all. Kyouko's gaze lingers on Kazumi for a moment, but she doesn't raise her request just yet, simply trailing along at the back of the group along with Yuma at her side as you all traipse down the stairs.

"Aight, so - Niko's down the stairs, first door on the left, you can't miss it," Mirai says, pausing at the stairwell. "Miss Mikuni, Miss Kure, you wanted to see Umika, right? I'll show you over, and... 'zumi, Miss Sakura here wanted to talk to you."

"If it isn't too much trouble," Kyouko says diffidently.

Even *Mami's* giving her a confused look now, which Kyouko ignores.

It's... probably not your problem and definitely none of your business, but you can't help but hesitate for a moment at the stairwell, one hand on the railing. You'll be dropping off the case of Soul Gems with Niko, of course, but you might want to go talk to Umika with Oriko as well? You hover there for a moment, thinking.

---

- [ ] Work with Niko, see if you can figure out anything
- [ ] Drop off the Soul Gems with Niko, go join the session with Umika
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

Alrighty. Bit of a weird cut-off point here this update, however, I wanted to get this out- I will almost certainly *not* be updating next week as I will be on a long flight. I'll try, but I doubt I'll succeed.
