# Hazard Course Pt. 34

Spoiler: Winning vote

- [x] I don't know
- [x] Speculation:
- [x] Sabrina doesn't exist in the main timeline she knows about through her metaknowledge.
  - [x] Incidentally, if that's destiny, fuck destiny.
- [x] Perhaps Sabrina can change things, but Feathers crudely shoves things back on track when Sabrina's back is turned.
- [x] Oriko said Sabrina and Homura working together could change destiny. Perhaps Homura's involvement can "lock in" changes.
  - [x] Sabrina and Homura are not united on Oriko. If this is true, fixing that is how we save Oriko.
- [x] Oriko questions:
- [x] Can you confirm or deny the speculation?
  - [x] If not, what did you mean when you said that?
- [x] In your first answer: Who is "she"? What is the missing fragment? Why is "she" searching for it? Where is it?
- [x] Sabrina questions
- [x] Don't conceal answers about Sabrina
- [x] Explain Madokami's ascension and the Rebellion
- [x] Don't identify Homura or Madoka
- [x] Don't mention the loops or why Madoka's potential was so high
- [x] Avoid the Witchbomb. The Law of Cycles wish was to eliminate Witches before they're born. Don't elaborate further.
- [x] for yourself, Iterate through...
- [x] Everything Oriko wants to ask.
- [x] Your own questions about...
  - [x] Your status before you woke up in the alley
  - [x] Where your clothes came from (in the alley)
  - [x] What you've done when tranced, when it was significant
  - [x] What you recall Homura's feathers are supposed to look like
  - [x] Why your potential was strange
  - [x] Who the voice you've been hearing belongs to
  - [x] "Who is dreaming?"
  - [x] Where is the missing fragment?

You suck in a breath between your teeth. That's a tricky question to *answer*, isn't it? You think you know what that might be, but you have to be careful about what you reveal, because much of it isn't yours *to* reveal. But then, your friends and allies deserve to know, and... maybe this *is* the time to do it.

"I... don't know," you say, then amend, "Not for sure."

"Not for sure?" Yuki echoes sharply.

"I have *speculation*," you say. "And..." You sigh. "So. I have speculation that is based on some knowledge of my own about *a* possible future. Call it a one-off, extremely limited precognitive event, let's say?"

Yuki arches an eyebrow, setting down her teacup and focusing entirely on you. She's not the only one either, the levity fading from Umika's face as she, too, turns her full attention on you, blue eyes intent behind her glasses.

"I have knowledge of a potential future," you say slowly. You've been sitting on these secrets for too long - and maybe you can't reveal the whole truth, but... it's *relevant*, here and now. "It's by no means guaranteed or anything, but well... if *that's* destiny, then *fuck* destiny."

"Ah. Walpurgisnacht?" Yuki says, her expression one of intense concentration. You can practically see the gears whirling behind her eyes, working through the implications with ferocious energy.

"... I *was* wondering how you knew about that," Umika says. "I actually tried to divine it, but came up empty-handed."

"That's part of it," you say. "But I... OK, so. I..."

You rub your hand over your face, closing your eyes briefly. You've been sitting on this particular secret for *so long*. And sure, you trust your friends. But *you've been sitting on this particular secret for so long*, even as it *burned* to keep these secrets from your friends. And they deserve to know, but you're just... afraid.

Afraid of things going wrong.

Afraid of your friends being scared off.

Afraid of Kyuubey finding out.

A gentle squeeze of your hand grounds you, warm fingers tracing over the back of your palm, then your wrist. You shiver, leaning into Mami's presence even as you manage a smile for her.

"Take your time, Sabrina," Mami says softly. "I'm sure nobody here insists that you tell everything right this moment, right?"

"Certainly not," Yuki says. Her eyes remain intent, but she leans back deliberately. "As Miss Tomoe says - please take your time."

"Right, yeah," you say, taking a shuddering breath, then another. "First. I... some things I *will* gloss over. Feel free to ask for more detail, and I'll clarify as I can, but... a lot of this is just not my story to tell. It's interwoven with other peoples' stories and secrets, you know?"

You can't help but regret that Sayaka's not here, you have to say. She deserves to know as well, after all.

"Of course," Yuki says, nodding.

"So," you say, chewing on your lower lip. "The Witch that Sayaka was... shoved into? was one that was significant to Sayaka in the future I'm aware of. That much I know for a fact, and also that prior to the intervention of, ah, Feathers, Sayaka was nowhere near that Witch. So I *speculate* that Feathers was trying to do some kind of... course correction?"

Yuki shudders.

"I hope you take no offense, but that is a *terrifying* thing to say, Miss Vee," she says.

"... well, it might be slightly more reassuring to note that I *can* change that future, and I *have* been working on exactly that to make sure all my friends are *safe*," you say, meeting her eyes steadily. "I'm... sorry that it's come up like this, but just... Ugh. I hope you understand *why* I've wanted to be cautious about this whole thing. It's less a can of worms and more Jormungandr in a tin."

"Certainly I understand," Yuki says, inclining her head - but her frown remains unabated, her arms folded within the depths of her cloak. "But I trust you understand in turn *my* concern."

"Yeah," you say grimacing and rubbing your face. "... Sorry."

"To be clear, I have no intention of breaking off our alliance," Yuki says, turning her glare fully on you. "My word is law, and I remain convinced of the worth of *being* your ally, especially in the longer term. But I expect you to respect that you are asking a lot of us all. And I think it is far from unreasonable to say that we want to know the full scope of this... issue so I can better understand what I'm facing."

You exhale, quashing the flare of guilt. In some ways, it's almost a *relief* to be rebuked like this. You've been keeping secrets, and of *course* people aren't happy with that. And it's not like you're glad to be scolded, but there's a certain rightness to the pushback. You're not the sole person with a stake in this, not the single person guiding your collective courses.

"... more than fair," you admit, squeezing Mami's hand in yours and drawing strength from the touch. "Alright. So. The next thing... the reason I'm confident that we're not particularly doomed or anything is that I'm not *in* that future that I know about, despite it being something that I *would* intervene in, you know?"

Mami's hand tightens for a moment, and you can feel the tension abruptly thrumming through her body for a moment before she deliberately relaxes, nestling a little more firmly into your side.

"So you believe your actions are... a sort of spoiler, against that future," Yuki says, pursing her lips. "And... ah, I see. That's the source of your confidence in changing the future that you foresaw. Have you verified this? That is to say, you have definitively encountered an event that you foresaw, and through your actions, caused a different outcome?"

"Yes, I have," you say firmly. "Too many such instances to even begin listing, frankly, and the effects have rippled out, to say the least, and things are already *substantially* different." You chuckle lightly. "That we're even having this conversation is proof."

"And I can verify it, from a different angle," Oriko says. "Sabrina has defied my foresight many times over."

Silence settles in, thick and cloying and full of busy thoughts - Yuki looking pensive, and Umika looking almost... excited. Contemplative, but excited. Oriko's eyes flick over to you, seafoam green meeting yours for a second, before she smiles slightly and collects her teacup from the table once more, taking the moment to snuggle up against Kirika.

You... have a question on the tip of your tongue. Oriko once said that you *and Homura* could change destiny, and you want to confirm that. It may just be that without the *both* of you aligned on a topic, Feathers has an opportunity to slip in.

Homura's come around on Sayaka. Not totally, but thanks to you giving Homura the opportunity to *see* Sayaka in a different light, Homura's opinion of Sayaka has risen starkly. And you *know* that Homura knows that Sayaka dying would drag Madoka down, too.

And Feathers hasn't hit Sayaka since that first time. Granted, it was *you* who opened the door to it affecting the world, somehow, some*way*, with that incident with your Barrier - and you've been steadfast in not giving it another opportunity since then. Maybe it's just that Feathers hasn't had that opportunity. But you can't help but wonder.

Homura has *not* changed her opinion on Oriko...

... and Oriko prophesized her own death.

And so the question is: is it simply that you and Homura aren't aligned on the topic?

But.

This is one question you're not willing to voice out loud. Not here. You trust Yuki, and you'll extend the trust to the rest of her group. You trust Umika, and you trust Kazumi and rest of the Saints. *But*.

You don't know them.

You don't mind the focus on yourself. You're already someone who interacts *oddly* with magic, with *destiny*. If they haven't already put two and two together, especially with that entire oddity with Toshimichi Akane, then *this* conversation, here and now, only highlights it. You made a weird Wish, gaining weird power, and your very nature is *weird*, defying karma and destiny and time. You'll own that.

You do *not* want that sort of attention on Homura.

*Homura* doesn't want that sort of attention on her. And *her* secrets you have no qualms of keeping.

So you bite your tongue for now.

"So I've got a question, Oriko," you say as the silence drags out. "The first answer you got - do you have any sense of additional details or anything? Who is 'she', what is the missing fragme-"

Oriko's already shaking her head.

"I don't know. Miss Misaki's magic didn't restore my memory, just provided me with prompts," she says, and hesitates, setting her teacup down. "But I'll make the attempt to ask."

You nod, and as Oriko sets quill to paper once more, Yuki stirs.

"Miss Vee, it sounds to me that your vision of the future was a more... definite thing than Miss Mikuni's foresight," she says, fixing you with her gaze. "That is to say, Miss Mikuni had flashes that changed with circumstances, whereas you have knowledge of a singular course. Is that correct?"

"That's correct, yes," you say. "I... assume you want to know more of that?"

"You assume correctly," Yuki says.

"Well... I'll speak in the loosest of terms. Because, again, much of it isn't my place to tell," you say, meeting Yuki's eyes steadily. Because on *this* matter you will *not* be swayed. "And I *must* emphasize - please, *please* be careful of where and when you share the information about this. The results could- no, *will* be catastrophic if the information gets into the wrong hands, and I think you'll understand why."

Yuki motions for you to continue, her expression focused and giving nothing away. Umika also nods, that odd blend of excitement and consideration bubbling in her expression and posture.

It feels like you're standing on the edge of a precipice. The first time you've shared these secrets with *anyone*.

"Well. The crux of this is that at some point in the future, someone is- uh. Someone... will be going to make a Wish?" You scowl. "Tenses are hard. The Wish is to eliminate all Witches, before they're born, and that Wish gives rise to what's known as the Law of Cycles. And the magnitude of that Wish... that girl *became* an atemporal existence, becoming the Law itself. Because she Wished to eliminate *all* Witches with her own two hands, past, present and future."

That gets shocked, indrawn breaths from just about everyone around the table.

"But Witches *do* exist!" Kirika points out, bright and chipper.

"I've noticed," you say drily. "But it's... look, it's a vision of a future, that I... *thought* hadn't happened yet? *Because* Witches still exist?"

"Or... 'The Law is broken'," Oriko quotes softly. "And so Witches exist once more."

"So we are dealing with the outcome of something *defying* a *monstrously* powerful Wish," Yuki says. "And there are few enough things that can outright contravene a Wish, in my experience."

She sighs, and drags her hand down her face, that blank mask finally falling away to reveal grim contemplation as she stands, her cloak draping over her form.

"Please excuse me," she says. "I need a moment to think. By your leave, Miss Misaki? I won't go far, perhaps to the end of the corridor." Her eyes flick over to you. "Rest assured that I stand by what I said, Miss Vee, and I most certainly will not reveal this to anyone. Especially not over telepathy."

"Feel free," Umika says. "Just mind any of the doors marked green, those lead outside of our private space."

Yuki nods, and heads to the door.

---

- [ ] Follow Yuki
  - [ ] To do what?
- [ ] Wait for Yuki to return, then continue
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

I am so sorry this update took so long - first it was the sickness, then just being sapped of energy to write. But here's hoping that I can keep this energy rolling!

Also, this update is... somewhat open to course-correction, since this reveal is a pretty big moment for Sabrina. So I'll do what I can if I've misinterpreted the vote or such.
