# Hazard Course Pt. 36

Spoiler: Winning vote

\[x] Neither girl has any motive that matches what we see from Feathers. You think that what's happening is more mechanistic than we'd see with very powerful people. The letter of the Law acting in the absence of the spirit, or something similarly fucky happening with the other one.
-\[x] Probe gently around the edges to figure out what the rules are, and then work from there.
\[x] Past that, the basic idea behind both the Law and the other was the idea that the universe couldn't be fixed without throwing it out and starting over. Pushing back against that will probably be important no matter what the specific rules of Feathers are.
-\[x] So just your basic Magic of Friendship. Prove to everyone, including but not limited to those two, that we can build a better world. Get everyone invested in the building. Pretty much what we've been doing.

"The power of friendship," you say confidently, the answer rising easily to your lips. You grin, and raise your hands immediately. "Wait, no, don't run away, I'm serious. Mostly. Hear me out."

"Mm," Yuki says, raising an eyebrow. "I believe I see the point you're making - as you said, it's about the people, right? To convince them to not be as... dangerous."

Despite the magnitude of the revelations you've just dropped on her, the story of Madoka and Homura seems to have perturbed her less than the original revelation, her posture deliberately relaxed as she leans back on the sofa. Her eyes, however, remain intense and focused, the force of her gaze nearly a physical thing pinning you to your own seat.

She's not the only one focused on you, Umika giving you a look of utter hunger that barely manages to edge out the delight, her arms locked at her sides as if she's physically restraining herself from bursting with questions. It's a little concerning, you admit, but... you trust Kazumi. You trust the strength of their relationship, and you trust Kazumi to know what's important.

Oriko and Kirika are curled in their own little corner, Oriko's frowning at the ceiling, blurry beyond the confines of your interdiction field. Kirika's all but curled on her lap now, seemingly uncaring... but her eyes dart to you for a moment, on watch even as Oriko's lost in thought.

"In a manner of speaking, yes," you say. "I'll come back to that exact thing in a moment, but... what Feathers has done so far doesn't match what either of the two girls in question are *like* - it doesn't match either of their motives. Combined with the fact that, well, the two girls in question evidently *aren't* their ascended selves, I believe what's happening is basically more... *mechanistic* than anything."

"Hence trying to 'put things back on track'?" Umika asks, lowering her teacup.

"Yeah," you say. "The letter of the Law acting in the absence of the spirit, or something similarly fucky happening with the other one. Something of the sort."

"But not, it would seem, functioning properly at all, if Witches still exist," Yuki says, giving you a searching look. "If you're right, then something would seem to be thoroughly broken on that front. Hence what we might consider... *misguided* attempts."

"I should say that godlike power without anyone controlling it is not a particularly reassuring idea," Oriko observes drily as she leans forward to collect a cookie, breaking it in half to share with Kirika.

"Oh, yeah," you say, sighing. "I need to... probe around the edges to figure out what the rules are, basically."

"*You* do?" Yuki asks sharply.

"I... yeah. Me," you say, grimacing. You shoot Mami an apologetic smile. "It's not..." You sigh. "I'll definitely get people to spot me for the investigations, but I... ugh. It's not that I'm not willing to share what I know, it's just, *ugh*. It's *dangerous* to share the knowledge, and it's just *not my secret*, and that means that *I'm* the one who actually knows where to poke, and that means that I'm the one who has to take the lead on all this."

Mami's hand tightens on yours for a moment. You'll probably have to reassure her that you'll be careful with those experiments, given the last time she'd found you amidst one such experiment. But as you meet her eyes, you spot concern swimming in the honey-gold depths of her gaze... but also determination. She tilts her head slightly to indicate a silent *later*, and smiles, small but real.

"I would make the argument that since we're all part of this, it *is* relevant for us to know," Yuki says.

"I've told you most of what I can," you say apologetically. "I'm sorry, and believe me, I *would* absolutely tell you everything if it wouldn't be jeopardizing the trust of other people. Just... it's about *them*, you know? I just... like I said, forget about the whole... reality-writing goddess aspects of it. At the end of the day, that's just not what's important. It's about two traumatized girls that I want to help, at the end of it all. The rest of it is just the set dressing."

"'It's about the people'," Yuki quotes, her expression neutral as she leans forward, hands emerging from her cloak as she props her elbows on her knees and fixes you with an intense, unyielding look. "I can't say I like it. You've earned enough credit that I'll put my trust in you, but..." She purses her lips. "I will make it a hard condition that you keep me updated on any relevant changes in a timely manner. I don't think that's too much to ask - and I insist that you inform Miss Nakano, as well as Miss Watanabe and Miss Saito. I appreciate that you *did* share it with us as soon as you gained confirmation, but this isn't much of an alliance if secrets are being kept from each other."

"... yeah, that's more than reasonable," you say, nodding. "Agreed, then, that I'll do my very best to keep everyone informed on progress and occurrences."

"Then that will do for now," Yuki says, her expression smoothing out as she relaxes back onto the sofa once more, collecting her teacup on the way.

"So... yeah," you say. "I'll be taking the lead, and keeping everyone informed. If I need help, whether it be spotters or different magic, I'll ask, and if I find out anything important, or if anything comes up, I'll let everyone know." You purse your lips. "I'm... really going to need to rely on your territorial claims for transport, Miss Tsuruya."

"You'll have it," Yuki says. "And if you don't mind my saying so, your power *does* seem eminently... Law-related," Yuki muses. "Your magic is uniquely capable of destroying Witches, after all. And perhaps I'm jumping to conclusions, but I've observed that you *do* have wings, as you say the two girls do in their ascended forms."

"... yeah, I was going to mention that, actually," you say. "My wings are... So I *thought* they're just an aspect of my magic, 'just' a particular technique that I know, like how all magical girls have a lot of instinctive tricks, right?" Nods of agreement. "Well... recently, we were in a Witch Barrier that seemed to show our souls, and my wings *aren't* a magical thing, they're... I don't actually know for sure, but even without exerting any effort, they were *there*."

Yuki gives you a *look*, one mirrored by Oriko in an odd moment of synchronity.

"You've never struck me as particularly puffed up on your own self-importance, so I... would not doubt you on this," Yuki says after a moment. "But you must realize how that sounds."

"Yeah, I know," you say. A story of goddesses that essentially only *you* can verify, and your own relation to them? Oh, yes, you certainly see Yuki's point. So you nod at her in acknowledgement, but you meet her eyes squarely. "All I can say is that I didn't want to keep this from you guys any longer, now that I've got confirmation from Oriko and Miss Misaki's magic."

Mami squeezes your hand, straightening off your shoulder and drawing eyes to herself with a gentle, steady smile.

"It seems to me that these revelations, *functionally* do not change much for us, for the moment," she says. "We are still working together towards the same goals. We have an additional goal to be mindful of, true, but it's not a goal that demands any additional effort from anyone other than Sabrina for the moment, and perhaps Miss Mikuni. Am I wrong?"

"And potentially an extremely dangerous threat capable of utterly blindsiding us," Yuki notes. "But I take your point. It was always present, I'm simply aware of its presence now."

"One thing I'd like to note is that, well... both the Law and its opposite were predicated on needing to *rewrite* the universe," you say. "And I am very, *very* much opposed to that. I'm happy with the life I've built for myself here, you know? But the point *here* is... making the world a better place, one step at a time, showing that it *can* be made a better place? Constellation's ideals *are* defiance against that idea."

"Hear, hear!" Umika says cheerfully. "We're absolutely with you, Miss Sabrina, and I'm *sure* Kazumi will be too."

"Nothing more and nothing less than our charter," Yuki muses. She nods. "So, what we were going to do anyway."

"I dunno why you're worrying 'bout it so much," Kirika pipes up, brushing cookie crumbs off her shirt as she sits up. "Sure, maybe we got two magical girl goddesses having an argument, but all it means is that we gotta drag them to relationship counselling. The dragging's a 'lil harder since they're goddesses, but the *important* bit ain't complicated."

"... I resent that that analogy makes sense," you say, levelling an accusing finger at her.

"Because I'm *right*," she says. The grin she directs at you is entirely undeterred by your pointed finger, that little fang of hers only serving to emphasize the smugness.

"Because you're right," you agree. "That *is* essentially an accurate summary of my plan. But you've missed an important part: we don't *have* a relationship counsellor."

"Sure you do!" Kirika says, jabbing a thumb at herself. "Right here! I know *all* 'bout love. But failing that, I *suppose* you could probably do an OK job."

"We're doomed," you say.

That, at least, gets you a round of laughter, over Kirika's indignation. Then again, Kirika's mostly right. It *is* about Madoka and Homura, and their relationship. There's a sideline about the Law itself, and it's important that people can be saved from turning into Witches, yes, but the *most* important part is to make sure that there's some way you can achieve that without Madoka having to permanently disappear herself from the world.

"Well," Yuki says. "I find myself assured, for most part-" a smirk slanted your way, "-of our doom."

"I'm glad," you say, trying not to look *too* relieved and covering it up by taking a sip of tea. "I'll loop everyone else in, and try and have something more concrete for everyone soon."

Yuki nods.

"Do let me know if you want backup while speaking to Miss Nakano," she says. "Or Miss Watanabe and Miss Saito."

"I will. And..." you say, checking the time on your phone. "Ugh, I had questions I wanted to run through Miss Misaki's magic, and I think you did too, Oriko? But we're sort of running out of time with the detour we took, and we need to head back to Mitakihara in time for lunch pretty soon. But... alright. Miss Misaki, Miss Tsuruya, I hope I've sufficiently addressed your concerns about the whole... Feathers affair?"

"You have," Yuki says, nodding.

"And you're certainly welcome back anytime for more questions," Umika says. "I'd offer to lend you a quill, but they lose magic quickly."

"... how quickly?" you ask.

"Less than an hour if I'm not nearby to keep them powered, I'm afraid," Umika says, a fond smile flickering across her face. "Believe me, we've tried - Niko wanted to give us all magical gear, and she wouldn't let me hear the end of it until we tested combining her magic and mine."

"Ah, that's a shame," you say. "Well, then... thank you for your hospitality today, Miss Misaki."

"No, thank *you*," she says, a broad grin cracking her composure. "You've given me *much* food for thought."

"... ah..." you hesitate, trying to figure out how to word a gentle prod around that eagerness for the narrative.

"Don't worry, I remember what you said about secrecy," she says. "I just..." She sighs happily, adjusting her glasses. "I love a good story, you know?"

"Ah," you say. "Well, alright. Thank you."

"No, thank *you*," she says, grin widening.

You laugh.

"Anyway, I'll go find Kazumi and see if your friend, uh, Miss Sakura's finished talking to her?" Umika says. "Since you're getting ready to leave and all."

"I'd appreciate that," you say.

"OK! See you soon, then," Umika says, pushing herself up and heading out, hesitating at the hazy edge of the privacy field before stepping out.

You lean forward, collecting the privacy bubble and preparing to dismiss it, before Mami nudges you, forestalling that.

"Sabrina, I've got a question?" she says, her gaze flicking over the rest of your friends. "In private, if that's alright with everyone?"

"*Oooh*," Kirika says, already bouncing to her feet and dragging Oriko up with her. "That sounds important! Let's go, Oriko!"

Oriko laughs, inclining her head at Mami as she rises to her feet at a rather more measured pace, gliding out of the bubble with nary a complaint and the picture of grace rather undermined by the way Kirika darts over to the table to grab a small stack of teddy-bear-shaped cookies on their way out. Likewise, Yuki tips a nod your way before vacating the bubble without complaint, striding after Oriko and Kirika with apparent intent to talk to them.

And that leaves you and Mami alone in the blurry grey confines of your privacy field, the world beyond deadened and hazy, but with Mami smiling slightly at you, your hand in hers.

"It's Madoka and Homura, isn't it?" she asks.

**\[] How do you answer Mami?
\- \[] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)
\[] Heading back to Mitakihara
\- \[] Bring Yuki with you, as planned
\-- \[] Lunch?
\- \[] Ask Yuki to reschedule slightly**

\=====​

Reminder, since it's been a while: the general schedule for the day is that Yuki will be heading to Mitakihara with you, with the intention of meeting Homura and Hitomi after school as they settle the house acquisition (Hitomi's expediting it), and Yuki will claim it. There's a slightly awkward slice of time between lunch and school letting out, of course, and the matter of whether Yuki will be joining you for the usual lunch atop the school!

You could, of course, reschedule slightly and resolve to nip back to Fukushima just before school lets out. Mika also intends to drop by after school finishes to meet Hitomi face-to-face. Also, the leader of the Iowa Group, one Miss Parró, wants to speak to you; the plan was to do so as the inaugural trip through Yuki's Mitakihara-Fukushima link.

Also, as a side-note; the logistics of housing for the soon-to-be re-embodied victims of the Soujus will probably come up during and after lunch. Niko will take a bit of time, which is good for pacing since the current day has already dragged on *way* too long IRL, but it *is* going to come up.
