# Hazard Course Pt. 37

Spoiler: Winning vote

- [x] Yep
- [x] Be casual.
- [x] There are other things I want to tell you I wasn't ready to say in front of the others too
- [x] According to Homura, last loop, Madoka wished that "Everything could be fixed."
  - [x] Homura seems to think my presence is related to that wish.
  - [x] A lot of things we shouldn't have been able to intervene to help with have been an option. I've taken this as her wish helping us along.
- [x] When we beat Oriko, she said she'd done it all to make sure I ended up working with Homura because "together we can change destiny".
  - [x] If Feathers is Homura's wish acting on its own, it may be protecting her agency. Maybe I can change things, but she needs to "lock them in".
- [x] Keep the privacy construct in hammerspace for possible use at lunch.

Calm, Sabrina, calm. Casual.

"Yep!" you say brightly.

Nailed it.

And then you drag Mami onto your lap and into a tight, *tight* hug. You find laughter bubbling from your throat unbidden, bright and delighted and completely helpless to *stop* because Mami *got* it. Because this, *this* is the second-to-last secret you've been holding on to, because Mami gets it, then that means you can *talk* about it.

Because there's nobody you'd trust more to know this secret. Because the girl you love is utterly, utterly *brilliant*. And because *you're not alone any more*. You have someone to talk about it with, someone who understands, who *truly* understands what you've been fighting for, who's wholly on the same page as you.

Mami beams at you, her own giggles meeting yours as she all but melts into your arms. And there's nothing but understanding on her face, profound *acceptance* in her honey-gold eyes as she beams at you and laughs.

It takes you a few minutes to relax, bumping your forehead gently against hers and allowing your eyes to slide shut.

"You, my dear, sweet Mami, are a genius," you murmur. "Yeah. It's them."

"Anyone who knows you could have figured it out from that story," she says softly. "Anyone who's *seen* the way you are with Homura and Madoka."

"Maybe, but *you're* the one who *did*," you say. "You're the one right here with me. I've been so *scared* of... both keeping it a secret, the harm that could do, and just as much the harm it could do if I *did* reveal it. You figured it out, Mami, and that's... everything."

"Mmm," Mami says, leaning back. Your eyes flicker open just in time to see her studying your face thoughtfully for a moment, then she smiles, soft and radiant. "You're amazing, you know that?"

"I couldn't do otherwise," you protest softly. "I couldn't."

"I know," she says, smile unabating. "That's why you're amazing."

You huff.

"I'm not winning this argument, am I?" you ask.

"Of course not," she says.

"Well... alright," you say, grinning. "I'll change the topic, then. So there's... details that I'd like to tell you, since *you* know, now."

Mami regards you for a long moment, studying your face once more as if trying to divine some secret from your expression. But just for another moment as an amused smile spreads across her face like the sun breaking through clouds, lighting her expression up.

"You deserve all the praise and more, Sabrina," she says. "I'll have to get you used to it. But yes, please do tell?"

"I- That's not *fair*," you whine.

"I know," Mami says, beaming. "It wasn't supposed to be, just as you're not winning the argument you're not amazing."

"Well... alright," you say. A deep breath, and you smile at Mami, willing the blush you definitely don't have away. "Are you alright with all this?"

"Of course I am," she says, smile fading a little. "It's terrifying to think that all of that could happen - or *has* already happened, and was undone just as *we* could be undone. But it's Homura and Madoka, and... I know them. I know *you*, Sabrina. And I fully believe that we'll manage to figure something out. And if the worst happens..."

Her smile fades entirely even as she cups your face, her fingers war against your cheek.

"If the worst happens, you'll find me in the next world," she says.

"It won't-"

Mami presses her finger to your lips, smile returning.

"It won't come to that," she says. "I know it won't."

"Good," you say with quiet vehemence. "It's for Homura, for Madoka. For *you*. For Sayaka, and Kyouko, and Yuma, and Nagisa, and Kazumi, and... everyone we know." You lay your hand over hers, squeezing. "There's a lot to fight for and to like about this world, and *we* won't let it be taken from us."

"We won't," Mami agrees, squeezing your hand back.

You smile, enjoying the quiet intimacy and relief of knowing in your bones that Mami understands, *truly* understands, and that both of you are fully aligned in belief and purpose. The sole twinge of worry you have is the sole secret you're still holding back from her: the origin of Witches. The one secret you truly fear could break Mami, still.

Some part of you thinks that you should rip off that final bandage and tell Mami. And you worry that Mami might figure it out on her own, because she has nearly all the pieces she needs. She knows Madoka. She knows what Madoka Wished for. And that paranoid part of you worries that it's just a short jump to the darkest truth of being a magical girl.

But you trust Mami, and you *know* Mami. If she does figure it out, she'll come to you. *You* are her anchor, just as she is yours. She'll come to *you*, and you'll talk her through it. It's not ideal, but you know her, and you trust her, and you'll be there for her.

By the same token, you think you could reveal it to her, and talk her through it. Maybe it would be best to do it under controlled circumstances. You've been making things better, and you've been working on de-Witching, of *healing* the harms done. Solid arguments all, but you're just... scared of hurting Mami.

It's the same type of same fear as she has, after all. You *are* going to help Homura and Madoka, you *are* going to resolve the war in heaven. The world *isn't* going to be rewritten. You *are* going to talk Mami through the Witchbomb, and she *will* heal from the pain and the hurt.

But. *But*. You can't silence that irrational fear, that whispered *what if*?

So not now. You'll gather your courage, and... maybe you'll find the right time for it. But not now.

"... so," you say after a moment. "I think I've told you before that Homura said that last loop, Madoka Wished that 'Everything could be fixed'. And she thinks my presence is related to that Wish, and... yeah."

"Which would explain why you... wouldn't have existed, in previous timelines," Mami says, her hand seeking yours and squeezing.

"Yeah," you say with a sigh.

"Well," she says thoughtfully. "Does that mean I'm dating the daughter of the goddess?"

*That* startles a laugh out of you.

"*And* the devil, sort of?" you say. "It's... weird, though, and it's way too egotistical to actually *say*. Miss Tsuruya was definitely right about that one."

"Well, you *are* an angel," Mami says, smile returning, then flickering to confusion. "... the Soujus *knew*?"

"... I... honestly have no idea what's up with them," you admit. "They're, uh. Really weird, even by my standards, and... I *did* know of them, but they're different from my knowledge, so I can't really say."

"Ah, alright." Mami nods. "But... alright. What are the implications, if you *were* created by Madoka's Wish?"

"It's *probably* why I have an impossible power?" you say. "And it's... we've been *able* to intervene in things that... shouldn't have been possible? I've taken this to be, well. Madoka's Wish easing things along."

"... like the Soujus?" Mami says.

"I think so," you say. "It might just be that my knowledge of them was fuzzier because their stories didn't interact with Homura and Madoka's much. But... speaking of stories."

You press your lips together for a moment, taking a moment to think about your next point.

"Oriko. When we beat her, she said she'd done it all to make sure I ended up working with Homura because 'together, you can change destiny'," you say. "Now, I don't know how much of that was her bullshitting. I trust her, but... I mean, you know her, right? She's, ah..."

"Dramatic," Mami supplies.

"Dramatic, yeah, let's go with that. All I'm saying is, Kirika's *definitely* a good girlfriend for her," you say, grinning and holding one hand over your eye to signify Kirika's eyepatch. "Anyway. Point is, the first half about working with Homura? I like to think that would have happened anyway, even if Oriko made it *easier*. The other part, though..."

"... given what I now know, I... can see how it could work," Mami says. "It's what you were alluding to, when you mentioned 'locking in' changes to Miss Tsuruya."

"Yeah," you say. "If Feathers is Homura's Wish acting on its own, it might be... I don't know, trying to protect her agency? Trying to shape events towards what happened to give birth *to* said Wish?" You frown. "I don't like the phraisng there, that's attributing it too much agency. Inertia, maybe. Ontological inertia, guiding things."

"I see your point," Mami says, frowning.

You open your mouth to continue, and then close it slowly. There's an air of distraction to Mami's expression now, the look of someone working through a thought, so you hold your tongue and let her finish it.

"... Homura's Wish, yes," Mami says. "But what about Madoka's? Not her most recent one. The Law. Is *that* what's making it possible to intervene? Madoka's Wish gave the unguided Law a task?"

"Huh. Maybe," you say. "It sounds plausible, but... a bit unprovable for the moment?"

"That's true," Mami says. "But it seems to me that there's a *third* piece to this? If working with Homura might work to change destiny, or whatnot, then... what about *Madoka*?"

You blink.

"I... don't know," you admit. "But you're right. I'd assumed that her part in this was..." You wave vaguely. "The support, since she's not a magical girl. But you're right. It's about Madoka and Homura, *together*, after all, and it... might take all three of us to make lasting change stick? I don't know. I'll have to think about it."

"She doesn't have to be in danger, but she *is* a part of all this," Mami muses.

"Yeah, and..." You frown. "It's... been something I've been struggling with, honestly. I admit I'm not sure how to reconcile it with Homura's desire to keep Madoka away from danger."

"Make her part of making a better world," she murmurs, her frown mirroring yours as she considers the problem. "That's what you've been trying to do, right?"

"Yeah," you say. "But I've been worried that it's not enough."

"I'll put some thought into it too, then," Mami says, nodding. "And I'll see whether I can lead into some opportunities."

"Thank you," you say, smiling gratefully at Mami and hugging her again.

"Of course, Sabrina," she says warmly.

You both luxuriate in the closeness and the warmth for a moment, before pulling back by mutual agreement, sharing another smile.

"We should probably not keep our friends waiting too much longer," Mami says. "But there *is* one more thing - I suspect that Miss Tsuruya knows that Homura is one of the girls involved in your story. Likely not Madoka, but that it's Homura is... obvious, from the way you act around her. *And* Homura has time magic."

You grimace unhappily.

"You might be right," you say.

"I would say it was an inevitable outcome, from the moment you revealed the story to her," Mami says. "But..." She bites her lip. "You should definitely avoid letting Miss Tsuruya observing the way you, Homura, and *Madoka* interact for too much. She's perceptive, and the logical inference would not be a difficult one to make."

"... ah," you say.

You wouldn't really *mind* Yuki knowing, you think. She's never been anything less than honest about what she wants and what she intends, and you can trust that.

But Homura would mind.

"Yeah. You're right," you say. You take a deep breath, and nod. "Alright. Then... unless there's anything, it's time to get moving?"

"No, I think that's my curiosity and my concerns settled for now," Mami says, smiling as she shifts on your lap. "I'll let you know if I think of anything."

---

- [ ] Back to Mitakihara
  - [ ] Invite Yuki along to claim a random building
    - [ ] Warehouse-kun?
    - [ ] Some other option?
  - [ ] Invite Yuki along for lunch
- [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

As discussed in thread, I was actually incorrect - the plan was for Yuki to grab some random building while Homura and Hitomi expedite the acquisition of Homura's ideal location, near Madoka's place.
