# Hazard Course Pt. 39

Spoiler: Winning vote

- [x] Lunch!
  - [x] Talk about the Soujus
    - [x] They think you're an angel, which makes them very receptive to anything you tell them, but it feels gross to take advantage of. Maybe people who they don't worship should take the lead on this pretty please.
    - [x] Talk about housing their victims
    - [x] Hitomi, don't you dare buy each of them a luxury apartment.
    - [x] Since most of them presumably had lives that they'd like to get back to, depending on the rate that Niko can recover them we might be able to put them up in our or Asunaro's guest rooms while they work out how to do that.
\---- \[x] For the ones that stick around, now's the perfect time to get started on the Best Exotic Mamigold Hotel. You've been thinking of asking the Sendai University Group's plant girl to grow a Telvanni apartment building.

Lunch!

You get airborne once more, all your responsibilities for the morning cleared. From the industrial district to Mitakihara Middle School isn't a long flight, and you'll be there soon, but for now, you simply enjoy the warmth of the sun and the clear skies in the wake of the rain.

You're looking forward to this, you find - it hasn't been all that long since you last saw the rest of your friends, but it sure *feels* like it after the morning you've had. There's the tiniest bit of trepidation lurking in your stomach about having to explain things, with Sayaka's very visible reaction, but *that* is worth the effort. For Madoka, for Hitomi, for Sayaka herself, and for Homura. You'll work it out.

And of course, you'll have Mami with you. Some part of you still can't believe that you've *told* her. That she all but *figured it out* before you told her, and just needed you to confirm it. The second-to-last of your great secrets, and she took it in stride, and she's *with* you. To call it a relief would be a colossal understatement.

Mami, seeming to sense your attention, squeezes your arm and smiles at you, golden eyes warm even as the wind tugs at her hair. You smile back, relaxing and enjoying the time spent together, and all too soon, you're descending towards the familiar rooftop of Mitakihara, all towering spire and buttressed pillars and the odd bench or two.

"Ahh," Mami says as she steps off the flight platform, offering you a mischievous grin and a hand down. "You know, I think this is the first time I've come to school this way?"

"... well, usually you're already in school," you say, laughing and accepting the hand as you let the flight platform dissolve beneath your feet. Which is, of course, when Mami springs her trap, pulling you into a hug.

"True," Mami says softly even as you lean happily into the hug. "I'll... be back to school tomorrow, I suppose. I know it's important."

"Normality is important," you say. "It's what we're fighting for, yeah? Not just for us, but for our friends, and... for *everyone*."

"It is," Mami says. "But I don't want to..." She puffs out a breath, warm against your shoulder. "Sometimes, it feels like a waste of time. I know it's important to have that knowledge and friendships and connections and such, but it feels like *this* is so much more important. School is important, but so is what we're doing. And... with the way Constellation is shaping up, it doesn't feel as if having a *diploma* would be important."

"I suppose I'm a bit of a hypocrite, since, well, *I'm* not in school," you say. "Even if I *have* all that knowledge. But by the same token, I *do* know all that stuff, and I'm just... not normal, am I?" You huff in amusement, pulling back far enough to smile at Mami. "Sometimes I think it'd be nice *to* go to school, hang out with you and everyone else. The grass is greener and all, I suppose."

"I'm sorry," Mami whispers, drawing you back into the hug.

"I'm not upset or anything," you say. "Just kind of thinking out loud. I'm in a position to *be* outside of school, to do everything that needs doing. And I'm *OK* with that. I'd love to have your help, but... school isn't something you'll have the opportunity to come *back* to. Don't be so quick to set aside having an ordinary life, you know?"

"I suppose so," Mami says. "I just... want to be with you, Sabrina."

You lean your head against hers, feeling her nestling into your arms.

"You are," you murmur. "You *are*, in every way that matters. Just because we'd have to separate for a few hours doesn't mean we're *apart*."

"I know," she says.

"How about this," you say. "Stick with it for a month or so? If you feel really strongly about it, we can figure things out, but... that's my suggestion for now?"

"Until Walpurgisnacht?" Mami asks softly.

"Yeah," you say. "Until Walpurgisnacht."

"I suppose that makes sense," Mami agrees. You can feel her smile, her lips moving against your skin. "Alright. But if I *do* leave school, you can still teach me, right?"

"I'll steal the curriculum and teach you from that," you agree cheerfully. "Exams and all."

She laughs, tightening her hug around you, and that's how you stay until you hear familiar voices echoing up the stairwell. Mami steps back at you, smiling, and detransforms, leaving her back in her school uniform once more as she pulls out her lunchbox, and you do likewise.

Sayaka's the first up the stairs today, Madoka following with a faintly worried look that turns into a relieved smile as she spots you and Mami. Hitomi likewise smiles as she steps out onto the sunlit roof, relaxing, and Homura, the last to emerge, scans both you and Mami before nodding, her relief much better hidden but very much still *there*.

"Hey, everyone," you say, waving them over to the sun-warm benches. "Sorry for making you guys worry."

"That's not what you should be sorry for," Sayaka grumbles as she plops down on a bench opposite to you. "What you *should* be sorry for is making everyone think that I'm having *really* bad period cramps."

You wince.

"... yeah, OK, I *am* sorry for that," you say. You bite your tongue, trying to resist the urge to ask her whether she *is* alright after that whole mess with the Soujus. You're not sure she'd appreciate it right now, even if she seems to be doing better.

"I see that look," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "I'm fine."

"Well... good," you say, letting out a breath and smiling at the rest of your friends. "Anyway. Hi, everyone. How were classes?"

"Hi Sabrina, hi Mami!" Madoka says as she sits down next to Sayaka, Homura settling in by her other side. "Classes were good! Um, mostly. Are *you* alright? Sabrina, Mami?"

"We're fine," you say, smiling. "We'd kind of expected this, and we had to, ah, be a bit more *forceful* in the fight because of some weird power interactions, but it wasn't anything we couldn't handle. Frankly, it's more the aftermath that's a bit of a problem. Should I be worried about that 'mostly'?"

"Oh, that's good," Madoka says, relaxing, then looking awkward. "And, ah..."

"Miss Saotome's weekend date was rather disastrous, by the sounds of it," Hitomi supplies, settling in to the last seat, on the other side of Mami from you. "But really, sometimes I wonder if the complaining is just a ritual she enjoys. She always wraps it up within five minutes, and then it's back to teaching."

Madoka nods vigorously.

"I still say she's cursed," Sayaka says. "I mean, magic exists, curses must exist too. And if there's ever anyone who was cursed, it's Miss Saotome. Mami, curses are real, right?"

"Unfortunately," Mami agrees gravely. "But I have, in the past, checked whether Miss Saotome might be cursed. She... does not seem to be, apart from the ordinary sense of the word."

"Maybe some more subtle magic," Sayaka muses. "Some kind of fate magic, maybe... what are you doing?"

"Hm?" you say, looking up. Sayaka stares as you crack your orange open and tip the flesh out. "Here, Mami, let me get yours for you too."

Mami hands you the orange from her lunch, hiding a smile for some reason as you tap the orange firmly against the bench to crack it, then dig your thumbs into the rind and pry it the rest of the way open to pour the orange yolk out onto the lunch box lid serving as a plate.

"What?" you ask innocently, grinning at your friends ~~while returning the invisible fog of Grief particles back to your hammerspace~~. For no reason at all, everyone's staring at you. "Never seen someone peel an orange before?"

"Oh, *Sabrina*." Mami giggles fondly, bumping her shoulder against yours.

"Oh, yeah!" you say. You tap the peeled oranges with a finger, and let them fall apart into neat slices.

"... anyway," Sayaka says loudly after a moment. "Some kind of subtle fate magic to curse Miss Saotome. Maybe from a jilted ex?"

"Do you think so?" Madoka says. "Maybe she's just, um, really bad at choosing her dates?"

"Empirically speaking, she most certainly is," Hitomi observes drily. "Her run of bad luck *is* difficult to credit as being merely luck. But I doubt she'd have offended anyone badly enough to *be* cursed."

"Bah, where's the fun in that?" Sayaka says, grinning and shooting finger-guns at Madoka. "Maybe we should find an excuse to give Miss Saotome an anti-magic enchantment of some kind, just in case. Pretend it's a good luck charm, it won't be the first she's gotten."

You snicker.

"I mean, I could get you one if you really want. We could get her actual good luck charms too, I think, if Miss Saito is willing," you say. You tap your chin. "Actually, I kind of feel like I should get some to hand out anyway. They're potentially useful things, if a bit troublesome to maintain?"

"... honestly, that sounds pretty cool," Sayaka says. "Anyway. I'm starved. Itadakimasu!"

You all tuck into lunch, conversation in a lull as everyone takes the edge off their hunger.

"The tofu looks good, Homura." Madoka's the first to break the silence, peeking over Homura's shoulder at her lunch. "Did you make that yourself?"

"... yes," Homura murmurs. "It's nothing complicated, just packaged sauce with tofu." She hesitates. "Do you want some?"

"I'd like that, thank you!" Madoka says happily. "Here, I'll swap you a sausage for it."

She transfers over a little octopus-sausage, one with little sesame seeds stuck on for eyes, and grabs a chunk of tofu in return. Homura, uncertain, just holds her lunchbox open for Madoka to do as she will, and stares at the sausage as Madoka sits back.

You catch Mami's eye. She meets your hidden smile with one of her own, the tiniest hint of amusement crinkling the skin around her eyes, and then proceeds to steal a piece of beef from your lunch.

"Yours tastes better," she informs you.

"Nuh-uh," you say, your own chopsticks darting to claim a piece of roasted leek from her lunch in retaliation. "Yours does."

"*Dorks*," Sayaka grumbles, rolling her eyes.

Hitomi chuckles softly.

"How did things go with, ah, the Soujus?" she asks, broaching the elephant in the room. "Madoka and I heard some from Sayaka, in addition to your updates, but little further of the aftermath."

"Ah, yeah," you say, after swallowing. "The Soujus. We took them down, yeah, and it... took more force than I'd have liked. Then I talked to them, of course, and they're... a bit disjointed from reality, to put it mildly. They were stealing Soul Gems because they believed they were *saving* them. It's like, mm, kidnapping people and putting them in medical comas to save them from hunger."

"That's horrible!" Madoka says.

"Yeah, well... I'm... about ninety per-cent certain it's because their Wishes messed with their heads," you say with a grimace. "From what I gathered, they were pressured to make their Wishes in pretty awful circumstances, and." You sigh. "You get what you Wish for, not what you want."

You wave your chopsticks in the air, bulling onwards to cut through the gloom threatening to choke the life out of the conversation.

"Anyway, we're working on it," you say. "They're, uh... *rooming* with Miss Saito and Miss Watanabe for now in that apartment Hitomi got for us. We'll be talking to them more, but... *man*. Um."

Mami giggles abruptly.

"Um?" Hitomi prompts, leaning forward to give you a quizzical look from Mami's other side.

"They... seem to think of me as some kind of angel?" you say awkwardly, trying not to squirm under everyone's eyes. "In the, uh, literal sent-by-god divine messenger sort of sense. Because of my magic. It's... um. It's definitely a thing. On the one hand, it makes them *super* receptive to anything I tell them, but just... ick, *no*."

"... that's... good?" Madoka ventures, blinking at you with big, confused eyes.

"It's definitely the most of all time," you say. "Just. The most. Full stop."

You stuff some rice into your mouth rather than continue down *that* line of thought.

"We'll help them," Mami says. She barely manages to hide her amusement as she nudges you. "But maybe we'll have someone else take the lead on them? We *do* still need to hire a therapist somehow."

"Honestly, yeah," you say. You also carefully do *not* focus on Homura as you seize on the redirection like a lifeline. Nor Sayaka. "We really do need to hire a good therapist and-or pyschiatrist. Or psychologist. Or counsellor. Or three. And... huh, right, Miss Nakano did say she'd be able to set us up with initial contacts, at least."

You check in your pocket - still got that business card she gave you.

"Nakano Corporation's primary focus is construction, is it not?" Hitomi asks.

"Well, yeah," you say. "But apparently they *do* have some contacts, and it's probably better than cold-calling random healthcare agencies. Or even individuals."

"That's true..." Madoka muses, tapping her chin with the back of her chopsticks. "I think papa mentioned one of his friends is a psychiatrist. I could ask papa for more info?"

"That sounds like a good start," Hitomi says. "I... would imagine that therapists are more likely to be used to receiving unsolicited, irregular calls? Due to the nature of their profession? But I do agree that having a more personalized approach might be better. I shall ask my parents if they might be able to help, though I rather doubt it."

"That would actually be wonderful, both of you," you say. "I have to admit, I don't know how effective... I mean, the Soujus are probably an entire medical study in and of themselves, but. Yeah. This would be something to figure out together. And... well, there's the Soujus, and then their kidnap-ees. I don't think we can possibly drop that kind of workload on *one* person."

"Jeeze, yeah," Sayaka says. "How many of them are there?"

"Too many," you say. "Seventeen magical girls."

"That's *definitely* too many for one person to handle!" Madoka says, nodding.

"Yeah... well, in any case, Miss Niko will be helping them regrow their bodies," you say. "Ah, that's Kanna Niko, from Asunaro? And we still need to find a strong healer to work with her for the process, but really, the key thing I was getting at is that her estimate was 'more than a day, less than a week' per girl."

"Mm..." Madoka says, pulling out her phone and typing away as Sayaka peeks over her shoulder.

"Average caseload for a therapist is... thirty clients per week, give or take?" Sayaka reads out.

"Mmhm!" Madoka agrees. "But I suppose it's not likely that a therapist we find will have a totally clear schedule."

"Considering that they've been effectively kidnapped, would they want to stick around for something like this, though?" Hitomi asks.

"Teleporting," Sayaka points out. "I mean, we're reading them in on magic, right, Sabrina?"

"I would think so, yeah? No way they can do their jobs properly otherwise," you say. "So yeah, teleport commute might work, especially if Miss Tsuruya is amenable. If not... maybe we can recruit or hire someone?"

"Or I can copy a teleport power, maybe?" Sayaka says. "I know Miss Asami has a lightning teleport, but that one's really short-ranged."

"Oi," you say, pointing your chopsticks at her. "You're on leave."

"I know, I know," Sayaka says, rolling her eyes. "But this isn't... y'know, stressful. Picking up new powers to play with is fun."

"That's how they all think," you say ominously. "Rest is rest, Sayaka."

"Anyway." Sayaka ignores you, turning back to Madoka. "Teleporting could be a solution. Do we know where they're all from, anyway?"

"Not yet - the Soujus might know, but honestly, I figure we'll ask the girls themselves when the time comes," you say. "See what *they* want to do, since I don't think we can assume they'd *all* want to go back to their homes. Still, if they do, we'll provide transport and whatever support they need to get their feet back under them."

"And if they want to stay?" Hitomi asks.

"Hitomi, don't you *dare*," you say. "I- listen, I really appreciate how much you've helped, but I can't possibly expect you to buy or rent them all luxury apartments or some such."

"... well, it would be *reasonably* doable," Hitomi says, looking wounded. She smiles slightly. "It's sort of exciting, really."

"It's just- well. Look, I want to approach that sort of thing properly, we can't rely on being able to sneak this sort of thing under official notice forever," you say. "The powers that be *will* notice eventually, and bureaucracy is one enemy even *I'm* going to balk at tackling head on, y'know?"

"I'm sure it's not that bad!" Madoka says, but she doesn't sound sure.

"Maybe, but... I was also sort of thinking that I want to make progress on the Mamiott Hotel," you say.

"Mami...ott?" Hitomi says.

"*Marriott*," Homura mutters in English, refusing to meet your eyes.

Sayaka slaps her forehead.

"Oh, I get it," Madoka says, her giggles joining Mami's.

"It's a perfectly cromulent name, and no, I am *not* taking criticism on it," you say. "But yeah. Maybe I can get, uh, Miss Suzuki from Sendai to grow a giant plant building or something? Well, heck, I can probably build one myself."

"Permits won't be easy to come by," Hitomi muses. "I hesitate to suggest a nominal rival of mine, but perhaps under Miss Nakano's auspices? The... exotic nature of the construction might be a problem, since typical construction works *do* require that you submit a plan for approval. And an entire building is not, I would think, the sort of thing that you might readily hide from official attention."

"Mmm, true," you say. "Maybe a commission to Miss Inoue to hack the relevant agencies?"

"Perhaps, but I believe that human attention might still prove troublesome," Hitomi says. "As you said, bureaucracy is a mighty foe."

"Yeah... it's sort of troublesome," you grumble. "We've got the *beginnings* of solutions for all these logistics things, but putting them into action is a little trickier with all the practical problems that need solving."

"We'll figure something out!" Madoka says, looking determined. "There are people who need help, after all."

You grin at her.

"Yeah," you say. "It's all about the people."

---

- [ ] Any other important topics to hit during lunch?
- [ ] After lunch...
  - [ ] Ask if Sayaka wants to talk about the incident
  - [ ] Find Kyouko and Yuma again
    - [ ] Continue the hunt
    - [ ] Something else?
  - [ ] Write-in (word count limit: 150 words)

---

With credit to [@Celti](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/17517/) for the thing with the orange!
