# 直接干预 59

"Homura." You catch her attention. "Homura, I am going to give you a hug right now," you warn her.

With that, you put your arms around her, dragging her into a hug. Her breath escapes her with a startled whoosh, and she stiffens in the hug, hands hanging limp by her side. She slowly relaxes, though, and lets herself sag against you.

Her shoulders shake.

Here, in the middle of the time stop, surrounded by the failing remnants of Mitakihara's industrial boom, Homura lets herself cry.

Does she feel *safe*, here? The time stop is *her* refuge, the one place she can't be touched. She trusts *you*, too, enough to let herself show weakness in front of you. Because of Madoka's Wish last loop, perhaps? Certainly you can see how she'd reach that conclusion... and you can't help but wonder if she'd be wrong.

She cries, all that pent up worry and terror letting itself out in shuddering, silent sobs. You don't say anything, just stroking her back soothingly and letting her cry herself out as your shoulder grows damp.

... she's so *thin*. Heart surgery, long term hospital stay... you can't imagine she takes all that good care of herself, either. You remember how she looked, asleep on Mami's couch. Careworn, in perhaps the most literal sense of the word. A lot of her presence is just that - *presence*. Physically, she's just a frail, tired girl, kept going by will and determination and magic and very little else.

Finally, her crying peters out. You give her one last squeeze, and finally let go, sitting back. She similarly sits back, rubbing at her now reddened eyes with the sleeve of her right arm. Brown flakes of your own blood, now dried, cling to the pristine white of her costume.

You very deliberately look away, twiddling your thumbs and letting her regain her composure.

"W-what next?" Homura asks eventually, only the small hiccough and slightly roughened voice giving lie to the pretense that nothing had happened.

You turn back to her. "We need to figure out what to tell Mami. I... don't really want to lie to her, but there's things she *can't* know yet."

The time traveller nods, so you continue. "OK. I want to lie as little as possible... so... we tell her that Oriko's injuries were severe, so we patched her up a bit in the timestop, and she told us about her reasoning while we did that? And, well. She's just misguided, but was still trying to 'save Sayaka'."

"Do we tell her about Walpurgisnacht?" Homura asks. "And the... new threat?"

"I think so," you nod. "She deserves to know, anyway. Do you see any problems? Holes in the story?"

"Mami will want to know why we didn't bring her in to help," Homura points out.

You let a breath hiss out. "Yeah. And, come to think of it, why we didn't heal her too, while we're at it."

---

- [ ] 自由发挥

---

Go, Homu!
