# 表层张力 15

You exhale slowly.

"C'mon, Homura," you say, looking around for somewhere to sit. There's little better than the stairs, so you gesture at them. When the black haired girl doesn't move, you gently grab her by the elbow, and she flinches a little from the unexpected contact, but doesn't pull away fully.

You guide her over to the stairs and sit her down. She doesn't resist, simply letting you lead her, and then hugging her knees to herself when she sits. You sit beside her and cast a quick eye around, looking for anyone, or any*thing*, listening in. There's no one, so...

"Homura," you begin gently. "Talk to me, would you? I'm happy to just listen."

She just stays quiet, the distant noise of middle-schoolers on their lunch break filtering up to you via the staircase.

"Or... let's start small," you say, after fruitlessly waiting for a minute. "What did you do today? After you left?"

She's still quiet, just hugging herself tightly in a hunched, miserable pose.

"C'mon, Homura. You and Mami walked to school, I'm sure?" you coax gently.

She nods jerkily.

"Did you meet Madoka on the way?" you ask.

Another jerky nod.

"I'm sure she was happy to see you?" You make it a question, trying to get her to talk.

"She was," Homura whispers reluctantly.

"And?" you prompt.

"We... talked," she says. "About school."

"Mm. And then?"

"We reached school, and had our classes," Homura replies. "She... asked Mami and I up here for lunch."

"And nothing bad happened," you point out.

She shivers, a whole body quiver. "It's early yet," she says, voice low and choked. "I don't *know* what's *coming*. Whether she- what I've *done*-"

Homura makes that little gesture you've seen just once, that half aborted grasp at something just out of her reach.

---

- [ ] Write-in

---

Poor sad Homu.
